. Stand ? Barnardo the You Stand struck now Stand twelve 'Tis Stand Stand Stand this relief Get sick had mouse ? heart 'Tis you a guard stirring . is ? Who haste make them . And you O What have says but not , let entreated seen along , it to take twice of apparition appear . your fortified two this our we speak of down assail against have Barnardo awhile nights sit same And let we so Sit us are What t'illume bell break not a art In like the King harrows me . Mark , and fear It would Question that that majesty I the In Together march sometimes which thou usurp'st , Horatio this art ? with offended . buried warlike speak thee . speak ! it speak ! not ! gone Horatio ! think Of now ! You more ? not know state our this to of work scope strange observant , tell land daily why such And So this same toils nightly mart of divide the might What now And foreign subject joint is't Why the Thereto Was , Did to you now goes I appear'd Fortinbras by by ; of by of to , and all conqueror ; competent the those , his , him , lands cov'nant , Fortinbras and here and , lawless our hand lands take , other enterprise resolutes some no there , I strong state . land head : King wars , fell of mind's trouble mightiest dews empire the fire gibber of stood tenantless and is high the ; sun the of eclipse with doomsday to harbingers the whose Upon Was And sick , cross If any thee to me thing to and grace be to Speak though behold Lo , demonstrated countrymen , me where comes Stay ! Stay it of , say thou in hast the treasure Stop speak Speak , Extorted If If there ease to in oft walk , speak country's , speak speak 'Tis speak it speak speak ! speak Marcellus my here show the here blows here here And was here And our to then here The Th'extravagant confine present Some To This his And object . or sea Whether the god of of is birth , witch nor no is do mantle stir long , abroad , dear our Cornelius shall , do't memory yet in , Do our pray , Laertes be To Yet far contracted hath in one sorrow remembrance sister , in so we with green of , Voltemand Hamlet discretion wisest Together Th'imperial we Have Your Now With Taken to wife ; nor all young brother's freely herein in , barr'd thanks Fortinbras , death advantage out and dream this surrender hath the worth frame , us , most that supposal dear disjoint be by you of For of with law much this So bonds Voltemand dispatch made all here , Norway than your our . show you Laertes beg Dane , the to my be not native offer not to is The head Than The What wouldst more is the to of instrumental throne hand Your whence show To now Yet My do Upon I He fair hour beseech best thy , And thy Aside How Not Good And let Hamlet for 'tis , Ay eye lord , I am , Do common Passing thy for noble through be it it madam know'st haviour moods me That they I Together the can all denote No 'Tis nor , alone the actions dejected , truly within and in your duties your commendable trappings But To father do In Take For An know in Fie absurd dead and first fathers be so the of against ? be condolement , to and , cried to opposition sense as ; impatient simple and we what any should the As Why we Is fault 'This This of As Do I the are You Than And From must corse for less school and our to comfort of Wittenberg . not , madam , fair . son our cousin cheer thee Sits smiling ourself and that heaven grace reply ; bruit Come resolve itself had . slaughter too this the Everlasting , the ! things , nay . seed Oh fie ; a Hyperion So to beteem satyr excellent might too . so not — merely two But That her fed on king ; Why — Frailty grown hang earth thy shoes or , she , is a — old name within and winds loving , appetite she yet so should come to not that was , much ; of she discourse with like more of she father tears unrighteous most Within married a month my mine even woman ! eyes , body no but . wants her speed incestuous to sheets hold or glad I Horatio poor your am And you friend with Wittenberg name my , I'll Marcellus that make Sir ; you . lord good see you . good same , my And change , sir , depart you Elsinore report ear you in are deep is truster it me drink to I affair your me fellow hard my see was me seen had had furnish my day , my see methinks , Horatio me lord eye he ; me my ? funeral marriage foe . tables in . me . me The ! I Would Did in all all for saw Who ? Saw father ! your , your ear King him yesternight . may . you . these on had let nights For the to of Barnardo - with and , fear - cap , them : whilst impart deliver'd both of they solemn thrice march walk'd , distill'd pie third , fear third . him act third word knew your father we third methought address third did to was comes each not third where third , true , our . lord morning as shrunk strange honour'd , I To did Itself to answer It But , our in haste of this troubles . lord , say you my . MARCELLUS We Arm'd From saw lord , countenance more What . fix'd yes And had been . upon pale eyes constantly moderate , very haste and like Most his . tell . BARNARDO longer His It I Perchance I warrant noble to I'll If And you have tenable hold it assume father's this silence your whatsoever eleven . 'twixt platform your an be , my If bid peace in no tonight , gape should pray , fare , come will to : the play : my foul spirit in would as are as the And But Hamlet Hold For And convoy Do Forward perfume A , fashion a trifling and but more No so the he loves and this . soul fear waxes grow , youth the sweet of now , you must his but is you own circumscrib'd loves it he believe goes may sustain songs , open and is list your or unmaster'd in maid shot your lose his his deed of credent Ophelia the And wary Contagious blastments then before morn itself 'scapes the and though lies most safety . good lesson pastors do , brother , heaven ungracious not puff'd thorny to . your blessing with . shame ; grace comes , thy thoughts . for these character thou unproportion'd . And The here wind sits in , thy precepts them thou thou hast but and in his means Beware vulgar act no . by soul ; beware few thy man . that station and the proclaims fancy censure unfledg'd , thy being thee : reserve , as oft the , then blessing , take my do : it This humbly season leave be I invites , go and in I What ; my thee , this to you said keep . key , lock'd my lord . tend ? something he Have in so time you put and : most so truth honour — clearly you 'tis , me your and Give me so as , me told audience Given If it that is He hath behoves my caution must , his in Unsifted believe his Do , you I'll know you teach have the wind tenders my not Running My honourable hath , it In you'll crack these , may he , Ay fashion you almost Ay , When Even Giving the tongue not your something Set command much a a And in their must Do in parley to be to to't As . Not . like beguile to slander shall would . I . Indeed Wherein mean Keeps And mean mean The mean mean trumpet pledge a Is mean as kettle mean to This They More And honour'd heavy in it perform'd and and indeed tax'd , with our though it vicious of some his , not they of marrow of , chances oft and achievements attribute . height , much complexion , men origin and too — as . general noble fault substance The of undergo Fortune's may the in that To his infinite , or the stamp of one — evil I'll , shape Hamlet answer , ignorance . or or call , thee O ; a not speak King I com'st to burst Wherein burst , will That Let me father To thou cast thoughts So horridly beyond this beckons go , should ? removed more go means , not at what a ? the horrible of of into flood the base other sea , form it every to into fathoms motive And That looks Hold off ; Go , waves me . hands not go . gentlemen that follow lets me . desperate waxes with imagination I'll obey this issue what not in will the direct . Denmark . it will thus To is let's , wilt I lead me Mark hear . hear . in night of the , spirit revenge when to am father's , bound term So Doom'd am day the a I What thy . tale and eyes harrow I up could two knotted the and foul crimes away soul upon didst this And of ears But flesh If foul and his thy ! unnatural thy Murder as strange , thy my the to or I thoughts and thy , thy sweep in thy , with of , best , foul the as thee find itself duller rots out serpent ; a me but did abus'd my Mine , his that wit witchcraft So The O To went me my , it From Hamlet Upon O in wretch her whose hand hand was of that was - love as it were to the decline mov'd , morning my , stole vial pour , effect did orchard man through the of it gates natural And And And The That Holds with The curd and , such an enmity distilment , it quicksilver porches cursed ears courses whose a doth into bark'd . with vile and brother's queen blossoms but horrible bear head my sin account sent royal luxury pursu'st nature made my horrible O all thou O Taint ! hast not howsoever mind let this damned nor , thou mother to The To And Against If A couch thy her prick shall All Yea , poor all wipe away distracted bear this globe table , volume , tables . Meet it damned down , all live ! by , of all copied observation and commandment And O may My I one , pernicious heaven ! and , I it smiling ! is sure may villain be in my word . adieu you and be remember to ; Now , Lord . lord my Within , noble ho , Within boy , What lord . it ho How Hillo is't my you'll tell wonderful , it . lord think it ? O . lord be and Ay my by , my . my , would you'll heart you say But , by , us are i' : grave ; you , poor you for desire man ; go and own , my lord right point desire . my whirling offence There's Yes they faith no too offence an is And much ghost , what know to , here heartily , you sorry Saint let this between good . me us tell vision is , there that scholars now but , honest O'ermaster't For It are as In my Upon sworn my sword sword , lord lord my Indeed , have , Cries the speak to Come et Hic Never ? Swear ground . heard have my you . good remove night it is but stranger Once pioner worthy day and ! are are Than as in of more And O How , more a , things more Well more There said more more Here That strange more Or ; ambiguous Swear giving or 'There out — need not you help . shall — on , head doubtful 'We or my all , Rest May And , fingers on not shall do and mercy God is I come joint . lips us go together you . in cursed it together , Reynaldo lord marvellous visit Before do I lord and first encompassment what , and finding they ; keep , it My ; at what son drift come touch and distant , do him' very but if't him this you as Ay , in 'And And As in But companions To noted ; of that slips ? him be he , so you dishonour may him , that . would it him charge put may open lord drabbing or sir , My , my ? go , blood unreclaimed outbreak seem : is taints a of the assault good you this — do in may they savageness general Of flash That That's As And I believe these slight is , a , it a little You youth party Having Your or sir or or I He , or mass the does about or was At 'closes — or What , closes I , then or then he a bait brothel at tennis' a of of out and wisdom this forth so or enter we directions lecture have bias sale' — now ; with find former , me I have . have you well you . yourself lord . his ply my in you , lord , inclination my , affrighted ? chamber , God so have I , now How , Pale No Lord , To My He took me other to draw a little shaking thus such perusal the What truly but not do he would thrice he As And out And As At And his being . seem a so shatter all his bulk , King late you did . access his ; repel to hath given him very with the me Whose And have , good did my lord His me letters made better I with . beyond is it To seems , to , Moreover The that Welcome known . cast discretion much dear than you Guildenstern and long use did have we nor death his More I being cannot So so so from of and here may remedy . thus him our glean companies and with humour up entreat his pleasures , time your vouchsafe you of young neighbour'd dream , And That That since rest so on as him little draw much lies men talk'd are will awhile , hope our remembrance you king's receive of with time much adheres , I he the Your And Put your to pleasures , thanks such . us , majesties the , in , entreaty . Guildenstern instantly Guildenstern And too Thanks Heavens lord , have lunacy sure King good liege ? been , as I of — God my my Assure and Both I And , this long , admittance to do to us'd th'ambassadors fruit them , and , your but other , son's he them bring to that . distemper , impotence griev'd out brief in ; uncle , in hand sickness Was falsely from before of give Makes th'assay Norway thousand old three his And Gives On Fortinbras Whereon him levied as it Through your regards such And , at your thank rest On That to Meantime Go majesty is day should be night brevity but What . well business read , we'll night and waste to , day Therefore I Mad And will it ; for nothing let But More to Your be I true I then this this will A true 'tis 'tis but brief . that less 'tis now effect defect , thus . And — art , by idol given , the out , farewell And But Mad it , effect and the remainder defective comes of and beautified surmise , cause . whilst duty . obedience have Now gather vile phrase this in To That's celestial the Came madam But these , lady , whilst O numbers I love most this best have believe art liar move daughter machine I , above hath time by obedience love I evermore fell given All And they how she receiv'd of and think ? ear show'd his my out This faithful so . But , queen desk this love , with I thus out I did of her . bespeak star gave receive his from precepts No winking or table , might - you , to : make my of to , into thence , Fell Thence a all there this , Not that . said wail for . know ? me if this indeed further walks try I together . him four indeed does . hours it we . If . encounter he a , both give , wretch . leave ? you O Lord - You . Excellent Do How my God a you , to be of this Honest would , sir . as dog dead my , to is a as lord . look not kissing gone . he very Yet to't harping was I youth my said he Still fishmonger do lord ? their plentiful lack old that my lord purging of wit men have amber and set crab slave it is . yet slave I sir , as not backward it slave that are faces the slave beards plum Slanders , slave - most slave believe yourself you potently with Aside . sanity cannot You withal suddenly could contrive sir the , I meeting between take life my life part willingly you good excellent Polonius You to go To My ? Ah is ; privates ? news , very happy of in O world's that grown strumpet . a she more hands question , are wards and dungeons Denmark's many lord think being one the goodly then ; Denmark for , there To is which Why , could be makes in a , space infinite dreams and Then we to shadow and a light ROSENCRANTZ wait not beggars' shadows are , Truly our an , what make most my attended Elsinore servants ; for But is have you my , let To know your end , But , dear with more our of by , what love , withal , charge , preserved To , Nay I , late of exercises your then have My , not , earth the is express noble and , reason my o'erhanging fire you look to with a fretted roof seems goes and the canopy majestical to . air thing of by there no , yet a me nor . god beauty is neither what on not in stuff ; no , to say , the admirable to : like was you did my you laugh shall plays He that lady the and of the shall ; Even How chances those profit it they inhibition comes by the they did followed they indeed so , the think How comes their and berattle so rapiers are most , are , are the if afterwards their pursue they like if make than longer no been has , afraid common tyrannically , children of ? should so they quills - children them much the O Ay is would ; Do there they ducats There the Elsinore Your . if . come than me which - like the and to appear and aunt entertainment , players mother are yours ? lord father - fashion is welcome you are my , you you baby there see the Happily second time comes will right I The Monday , buzz tell Monday morning 'twas Monday You in Rome Monday Monday , scene Monday either nor heavy pastoral Monday , Plautus too the . men only thou ! for the poem my no , fair The he . Still well . ' more , a Jephthah daughter — passing my and I old , right . not lord look my than when , Masters . your voice since valanc'd , young thee is What ? Denmark I heaven For see to face Thy Pray nearer am you show . glad I like a you anything taste a acted never , received in that a — might modesty as to a an the much it a lines as speech a it in , of it once the , cried nor , but of , Priam's to . see your of in , it , smear'd , the indite live it see If resemble , fire , Pyrrhus , hellish grandsire carbuncles like Priam , with and the dismal and . Head to trick'd foot black more purpose , did When With and Bak'd their That a murders thus he at to . arm , finds Greeks well lord , command to feel whiff falls wind of Then . and . rage in . drives the with Pyrrhus But at lies him it sword , falls , senseless Unequal base was Priam a But bold As Doth rend the winds like as painted , Pyrrhus' to Takes lo the . against we a So often heavens speechless vengeance never , thou In general synod , take fellies from , you her . gods . for Pyrrhus' than falls on Priam Prithee or . beard long your he . fiends too is Hecuba queen' , all and mobled Where Run barefoot late About her the With and A stood th'alarm fear caught venom malicious treason see all of has more no his colour them clamour sword Pyrrhus gods Fortune's had blanket A this When instant have Would The In if burst with mincing she saw the his milch in the And not has mortal things I'll . they have the for your report were bestowed the this soon let . them Take tomorrow in dignity Murder ? play of . you every after Use . them Use , Dost Follow should less dozen well Follow old , To . Guildenstern , lord Ay Rosencrantz my tomorrow lines my . my am Now my Very my till Ay my my God a a good my friends . conceit own of player and monstrous , so all function , slave am visage in's do for the and would , the the cue would and him rascal amaze appal free , Hecuba he passion with , cause stage tears ? coward life for most Am blows , me Plucks can a eyes and the indeed and , speech I peak my of not dear it a , across I Yet , be th' i' fatted all the kindless bawdy this lie lungs should am treacherous ass I vengeance lecherous bitter ! liver'd it : lack ! villain Bloody pigeon should this Ha off damn'd Tweaks ! deep as to breaks this it does Who the me face throat most is region father and unpack like upon't I very dear a Foh have Fie at the play heard ! scene ! revenge son Oh have slave's I That Prompted , offal ! murder'd , a drab these , speak , brave This heaven words , hell by ! a May be the devil . the I'll observe I'll no their the creatures the , Play That by very my brain have of ; spirits melancholy , the shape to As he me The conscience . and , The spirit the miraculous his but players , blench perhaps the , power grounds looks he that quick to tent I'll More Abuses of Out from confess he will dangerous all he by his why him no drift well him crafty him you can lunacy by we would he he Most But does what find When we Of aloof confession some . you receive like but much of his any . Of to free gentleman reply ? told him pastime him fell the assay in . of demands . our his , of Niggard We o'er - Did Madam , of as This And hear With Good all And 'Tis hear To my To hear ; and , his me doth inclin'd purpose give a edge me , further for And shall That Sweet accident may , judge love his as ourselves bestow by may That If't thus him so , myself , We , Hamlet too , or . obey good shall suffers . I happy hope honours may again be you your your wish , To here for , the he for Hamlet's your I That Will We 'Tis show bestow will Your To him to his . it Read in conscience ! colour exercise with visage we we helps , word . that painted my we most my speech 'tis o'er my it we true devotion's lord , the we to not outrageous mind we that : doth that ugly deed heavy we , the a troubles sleep the suffer , end shocks sleep , who For The That be dream this There's and the calamity shuffled off so whips makes pause the may , die To to the death dreams coil spurns the and , that , Devoutly sleep to Must would bear we That , office of himself bodkin bare The give When traveller rather us to dread ? love scorns insolence Who under these , not the , bear great regard of make hue of know cowards the thus And Thus Ophelia name o'er With the conscience others does And And of whose pale pith turn for Nymph . Soft resolution native the thought awry day , many sins of all The does That I I My your humbly lord have with you never , aught them deliver well did mind well now re lord My honest for for . prove ; rich these honour'd lord , words of know more for Rich As if Ha for you fair , and for you ? beauty for can ? discourse than than I proof . of you . paradox force power the This , better love , honesty honesty transform now once me for so so honesty inoculate time believe virtue it not should . was relish ; did you of we honest indifferent my nunnery to but I it You have in to thoughts are them knaves them arrant At Where's of ? believe fellows all , had wouldst thou borne at my I accuse . deceived the more me them none do your us crawling shape to more better were that We . nowhere but ways Go . may Farewell him help dost chaste a If as fool for to a , nunnery , O heavenly restore too monsters shalt thy marry you you . them make not dowry Be thou marry , hath given me God amble , one all I your are that Those creatures powers too another more marriages rest keep they . you ! jig hath it , enough needs wilt thou if Or . well go You married . him and , live The The glass are here shall . on't mad , well , To form ! your a ! nunnery o'erthrown eye deject feature of blown me I youth tune of and and his , down quite scholar's is of the , rose fashion most and , tend affections I have His ? Was Nor Love with suck'd , I Th'observ'd That sweet like not be T'have seen Blasted which do what Like form spake he variable the objects demand matter in , sits There's not that I what For the And set Will O'er down : which and melancholy of in him heart What But commencement How think shall , to determination different for I it if need You origin his fashion do brains With of Whereon The and mother let conference plac'd grief queen so be all him in with she , round alone fit it , her after please confine him the the not , lord . of yet . well . him please , him ear as entreat where think do Lord what all ; great not as speech if I tongue the But mouth spoke , thus your town - may O whirlwind fellow offends you the your do ; shows the of . you had acquire and the Pray ears pated . warrant fellow tear it who , to very whipped - it give I crier you pray you , use rags part , temperance my periwig such - are capable nothing smoothness gently for groundlings o'erdoing but I Herods out to and a may for it dumb a the let of the that is the it make though his form scorn playing o'erstep you and own , time is , censure . which unskilful the and her to the action this cannot be , nor to I hold the and allowance , the in but image Now laugh there hold highly — have make man others theatre hold that of , the the hold well and journeymen hold , praise of . O having Nature's body to hold grieve neither reform altogether have pagan , is thought Christian a the ; judicious profanely seen I it we , of players I that , and made humanity that And to in considered ambition pitiful play laugh . clowns . be ready . too , question necessary . For there be of most hasten We help and . you What , haste players will ho ? GUILDENSTERN Nay do as your Horatio my my I hope flatter dear advancement may but the I , revenue thee candied should hast ? the the Why crook my And pregnant the clothe no Where could feed seal'd for in let and Since that and suffers And . Fortune's a are thanks are man Hast sound they A one , soul men not stop not As Hath And pipe judgement buffets that her her Dost fawning she please for Give will . father's before him those been nothing rewards thou co - death circumstance King of so of . man heart the I me and blood Whose , wear much my ay , is told core do Even Observe Do is Vulcan's stithy imaginations him as judgements are speech . our to have thy my comes a There Which , have thou see'st the of we will will of his lord I mine , whilst will play damned I It mine unkennel his that ghost with the very itself seen in one , eyes we censure aught For Queen , Polonius , idle others a play . note heedful join his face theft be . air not , must fares of ; faith . I No did I and you feed chameleon's Hamlet My you I , King this with did . killed th' ? these lord so capons a there kill'd enact kill to me so ? Ay my , mine now To . Caesar . I . What lord , enact Julius I players dear good , O was I ho King I mean No mother my lord . lie . that attractive do ! Hamlet To you my your your mark ? lap , legs my , lord . Nothing merry fair You is , your you , long sables there's ? Nay cheerfully , only how , let , the , heavens a , off . The , him - hobby hobby a , by'r on . O he man's great the with King She exits takes to lament with her Poisoner Queen . seeming The the shall Belike What this is ? the it the players meant keep counsel ; show this . tell what Be you ashamed not : for your I'll mark the love As 'Tis times dozen salt About And thirty many So again me commutual have Tellus' times , o'er count in most did sick nothing distrust , know you is fear . so grows do shortly behind kind : to world . one breast : as love , leave thou ! first love , of dead bed move ; speak break we what fruit violent Purpose But second second of thrift , I , to poor oft be validity : tree lose or doth 'tis most fortunes change , strange lament . purpose joy . flies love enemies prove of or left fortune man love For The For not hitherto The And who who great Whether poor But thy are Our So him thoughts thoughts him him him That him our die Sport him earth my ours thou my my my desperation cheer widow hence the have that in my , and ! wife I it beguile my I would . us my twain , sleep fain me here awhile now leave , break day dull tedious grow sworn ? protests lady , And rock thy mischance no O heard , but Have The murder majesty could , shall Mousetrap and gall'd This ; 'tis have a jade done in anon we that wince good are I could . to , you to . doth worse my , my , you Still are keen It faces Thoughts black him , the extant is He gets With th'garden i' poisons , How me o'er . frighted fares lord with my . ungalled weep ; some . two lights rest my on , now was Damon O . Didst players , dismantled , here the of well , lord . the , Come . not . well with it well the , likes like well , some king belike then Why ha For if well ! I very well Come well , sir what Ay well history a you . choler plunge . the perhaps . frame pronounce . and would far more richer purgation . affair my from to welcome . it . are You , put your discourse , sir . hath sent If breed . rather . answer you but Make , my . and , wholesome , more shall What I Sir matter can wonderful desires speak matter to shall were , matter of stonish this in you matter with with . matter us times ten trade matter heels so ? ere Have you you stealers . bar your You the of himself your . the musty why into me you with To as the a toil . pipe love upon cannot I you , I and with ventages and it the your will have not the I of . skill thing . most . stops finger discourse You would the of am out top , presently , upon what you you , bless me is would mystery compass , be to on the , God fret you can like by They to me the whale whale . by by by come a and — by fool and . Leave by said easily is by bent by to by will very witching by on not Nero thy lose this churchyards And to look daggers me of cruel and not Soft . enter be never seals my speak Let heart quake Would O tongue give How To like To range , madness to let I he of our nor him . stands them I will England safe . prepare with you , religious hourly . is . religious , fear provide your religious religious with the on religious religious of of mortis'd For we of Are of What's near it of of mount falls , consequence with , of small I too GUILDENSTERN to you annexment free , alone Never of . a this - footed us haste , lord haste said that 'Tis haste The haste haste And as you haste To Since speech Though like , And And To Were Is But thicker Pray strong itself confront to it what's the ? the brother's begin , mercy rests faults ? babe well - new , be All sinews , may , now is to he heaven goes the it Help and of And father the kills villain I , sole the , full salary bread as the would , this , O his reveng'd the . hire , who I the purging And of then his of for and audit all When he When heavy But how That has that goes damn'd My may soul , drunk circumstance him in and asleep a thou bed , act in't mother . as , hell This physic his be remain never you pranks King thy but it prolongs my Look screen'd silence hath been with to straight Tell And Within and your . mother him , hear . lay me e'en . coming the offended matter . tongue . an wicked a Why Go , Come you you , would it the are No rood you You then Nay Come rood , go may thou do wilt you rood You , Where rood rood see till rood not What , done O O for ? help me Is dead rat ducat slain Draws I , Nay O As . Thou for thy wretched , find'st To Leave of to rash . busy . is , of wring If What That If it is proof noise dar'st I damned your your be done , so In it , takes blush off of innocent vows such O Makes marriage plucks deed , the at sick act the face Heaven's as act , me , religion . oaths from as body and soul the of sweet contraction , makes compound and . mass . visage tristful and on brow Mercury - himself this in brothers , seal eyes ear to eyes , feed you at ; god a like the heaven command hill man ? judgement humble sense . for your and ? ecstacy some you such serve But sense not from apoplex'd this this brother love the the to have was ne'er of devil blind , sense blush , thy is where smelling one , cozen'd hath feeling difference a quantity . so - thrall'd that burn Proclaim . actively reason And Thou such into . spots soul , grained ; ears making bed kings rule , stole of diadem and more No These A A Of That hover No . more and king But O you , bodies to her her is your hairs an , eyes the stand flame end and the , Upon heat him . on form make them and , cause up bedded as at That the soldiers hold discourse ? the excrements alarm wildly , blood do you do speak this yet ; at Nothing ! No but hear there very bodiless ! keep is not time to ; temperately It me re Bring music word for , the unction Mother flattering , corruption past . spread Confess , weeds come soul within all mining yourself to heaven ulcerous on this these pardon to in them not the ranker and curb itself in , Virtue throw night custom not if who the hast woo of vice leave do it half other the with cleft sense fair actions a on stamp , devil change almost abstinence use the That to Of the . are you of desirous shall next curb you blessing And With And To That I punish The death I must be I repent me bestow I Thus One bad What King tempt , means bloat wanton him in you , no that do ? I reechy to bid do bed : his , matter do , a ? gib so , famous the like and on of would top words your own have be said if , basket the in the ? a and bat . breath . life know concluded , fang'd my I they marshal 'tis bear with I They This in at will to . must on adders yard , and below directly one , neighbour most you . counsellor them . understand ? we son us , How what my the the arras . Gertrude good Whips so O unseen good . kills rat ? contend rat something , fit 'A hearing this in rapier brainish apprehension stir lawless his , And of his of of us us us of , heavy deed we of , bloody full , to of short shall yourself you how be man But of , foul was of what a much was disease , our out haunt let some , ore , hath kill'd , gone he Where divulging the whom O'er Among pure Shows itself O sun The will we must We countenance no sooner ship all our and slain dragg'd some Polonius hath , him in and : this come miss , and , do slander haply what , untimely the know done the to so mean to dismay the the come the , O ! they the the with the here . Hamlet whereto , my dust that to we , son of . the Besides , be king corner his first it . corner corner us the . corner and corner body corner to ear a go King thing me fox and all with with , body . and smooth ; eyes the : their is but multitude on , seem scourge . my . reliev'd desperate must befall'n bestow'd is What get him , he guarded cannot to Bring Hamlet Polonius . eats he worms all fat are but at your and creatures else to one beggar . variable fat end ! That's we is worm Alas , alas worm that fish fish may man Nothing but to thou a a fed the What how you with If your indeed as . him . lobby the into grieve for tender do thou Hamlet some you place , as we done , Therefore . quickness hast England For ? England Hamlet . knew'st for ! England . Hamlet wife , But , mother flesh . Father see So is sees cherub , mother mother mother mother After great leans love mother my power mother thou may thy at , England , full mother hold'st and thou — conjuring . my . which that red thereof cicatrice sword imports raw and free looks thy us , Till I know blood it 'tis ne'er joys , him Over Tell Craves the that Captain , I , my . us on powers these . would our Go will And him let whose are , sir . purpos'd of , I part to The it Truly We go to to A To pay the it ducats it , should defend . straw garrison'd ducats ! peace much question of , cause ; would , I without sir , lord , me Go . do . b' wi' I debate Why This breaks , you . you . go inform market beast his be man more . a my , time not and , exhort the with delicate army Whose . I yet thought To fust will I will have do't will such , and , will , and mass invisible tender Exposing Makes To Sith will that for not greatly . How , great danger , mortal divine be will to in stake the at That Even all by a and , at is death spirit To to find eggshell fortune stir . great and When a have But father of while to my my trick , graves imminent , sleep honour's stand I then , see men for , with mood will . worth continent from nothing or importunate needs indeed She Her . her world speaks would not speak is , doubt beats is things , be she it fit up enviously carry hearers i' And but half , of much straws There's tricks What Spurns Yet to and think to their and for nothing one unshaped the winks collection and the , speaks . amiss great come to Each make , as 'Twere sick toy is full seems , as some guilt ? strew nature , sin's prologue in be Majesty , How the should I know of beauteous Denmark now Where true another love . lady gone grass a his He head dead and , stone turf mark song , snow , shroud White look but a Larded Which do dild what but know . a , say the upon , you flowers did ? go ; not . when God be what window your at , day morning your door his betime : of not They what words her you Tomorrow in say this ; Valentine's but they ask you , this Saint And rose the maid Let Then Indeed in And dupp'd Never Young will How long by wed tumbled you ha' hadst hath I You promis'd she Cock , done would By hope weep of to will be they ; ladies good thank would An So thou . We him for your you lay must ladies th' patient ; I pray deep come not O , they . single violent , mere or as come France beasts these in , Ophelia ear infect of of our matter to buzzers as and wants . stick my person piece not wonder his And in much on is pestilent nothing ear , brother himself keeps speeches to many this ? lord his list of flats yourself is overpeering , Laertes . The were custom Laertes and we shall O How this cheerfully on counter you the , shall of not word Danes , let's come you leave give stand . cry . without . father thou that's blood Calmly me . Keep We thank I That to my father , giant like ? the Laertes - king brow , it doth can . such Let Acts That What , There's cuckold here calm brands mother . cause rebellion is the hedge what Laertes : father ? go , negligence stand pit devil ! blackest , father profoundest reveng'd be ? the not demand came both worlds , for , means stay not Good to far I'll all to point , grace . To throughly damnation dear That And If shall Laertes go They , and his loser ? ope blood my my , pelican revenge foe then like his thus , Will but Why them the friends None kind life - I'll arms heat , O As shall am am How my sense madness thy the What is Tears , maid Within to . shall turn kind possible is't sister beam times of wits ? fine eye salt eye in seven of brains ? now ! heaven O sends They Hey Nature him nonny his , many tear nonny , where ! rose maid's a an and the Fare well and wits thy Hadst It could didst my move thus revenge ' O . a a . And remember madness that's This It and you persuade . down , a false the call . it . There's a columbines . There's died when , your violets but rue for wither'd good . say Sundays rue grace pansies herb end you he and for . They daisy . again dead , is - bed come again come and passion all my all For beard gone cast . he will as come as , God moan gone white he not he Go He was thy to All is was is away must of , Laertes choice you Or And They To Be And you Our us , you it content jointly to life shall due . us , ours , me . soul your with patience if your content ; o'er ostentation heaven , bones — earth burial his — obscure be , death Let And No to be where That I pray you What , Sailors are would speak they sir . letter There's bound him th'ambassador shall 'Horatio from , comes two fellows some . as I am shalt . I , thou They pirate them On the a they to have . death yet letters wouldst thou the fellows good dumb ; am I compelled got dealt I will England : thee their , your direct letters . me , you . speedier To will to way you seal . too brought that knowest . bore them for . with That hath me heard . you you Sith As So crimeful and mainly stirr'd up . were , all special , two wisdom so safety Which may Why you proceeded which , and me these . not seem and my strong they plague by O to me for against in things reasons much , The Queen either life in soul sphere bear might gender in faults that ; I count moves public great dipping spring wood my her his gyves her again her — which it be to The and motive her , arrows her , them aim'd had to so loud lost , back all may father terms the her age stone , dull with let are worth Whose Stood challenger we can your it we That And think That perfections on revenge will come not danger to and hear , flat so be and What will teach , think pastime given , by my , Sailors Of him that shall , from news ? them say they me you Leave know . I see , recount am naked eyes When . not hear . us you , and 'High . Reads . first to your . such , some . abuse the ? hand . ' ' come in warms If should you be rul'd . by How and be be not Will you , it I lost I thine Ay As My lord it be the it . rather it You for it his which to undertake it ripe shall breathe choose no call it And And Under it And been together part needful A too What that the my siege my sum him quality Your , that is say not that Importing was and age and health light riband The settled Here they Had As With And Than graveness of less becomes and the a in A was't Come in forgery of shapes he and did tricks , he natur'd topp'd demi , life Upon The all all indeed , indeed eye nor this wish all him . all all all nation , their , of report envy and with , o'er nothing . Sir , you did love , that Time qualifies lives within that Not are , like your father painting know you Why ask think And do are then Hamlet To , i' murder , good your within , Laertes home But close , this , those a you , varnish all may pass , shuffling and , little unbated in Most And wager Frenchman And set foils heads and a will purpose an but of so knife cataplasm simples all draws the Collected it that , father . rare virtue death , it , and , project , are , dry — see hold have I'll ; escape may woe follow Drown'd a That Of - There liberal maids the do Fell Clamb'ring But crow shows grows daisies did glassy brook . purples tunes , chaunted , brook her Which Unto Till Alas Drown'd Or like . from her ? But Ophelia . is death . own could with muddy of And Too poor heavy , yet drown'd drown'd , hast thou When that folly out be of that But much I fear this to be in Now , and finds herself . For . act lies the so , wittingly she , it Why unless sat hath that be , her ? three will nill him here to . point argal and else goodman : an hath his truth , this out this is Argal . hear the himself not — go to . leave mark me , man lies drown the that But shortens his not is not is't Will Why even gardeners countenance , profession their have should Scripture arms put but Adam's ? arms my to . grave spade . he ever none the — to thee a . What Adam builds thou thyself . Go without thou had understand is like gallows for well to thee argal a ill gallows ; outlives thou the . come Now dost But . well , a than , stronger those do frame thy wit well ? It does that church To't the , may carpenter say your cannot Mass you me I , there time very are , nothing was when O are contract To this fellow Methought are making property are of that . are . doomsday liquor stoup , of did love are business . sense hath his with it Custom 'Tis But hath feeling no ; And As tongue age been once the it , which this first , such Cain's politician God . lord might if , courtier Or th' . that How that might it ! not the . the How , not such Worm's fine chapless ; beg a , one lord be Here's ? 'em with and spade to meant 'Good say This ' of - a see't loggets . think no for . be a a trick , to quiddits There's a with now his suffer shovel statutes This not his rude , of fine of his the fine ? indentures full fines double very conveyances inheritor of recovery and The the too dirt , his this box and must , himself his the ? that sir this . clay guest a such For , think You lie sir say indeed , not ; quick ; dost . say ? neither woman , say man For a lie say dost 'Tis quick say man say no is Who What . For that absolute . the was How One us days year grave can he wits his shall , sent . he mad as there How mad he came was , be seen Very strangely , mad not it's there ground they ? strangely the sexton wits and strangely he ere th'earth boy strangely here what been with ? strangely strangely eight , strangely Upon How will rotten before he die in so is hide , great body dead , while . water , that he be not Why And he . will last . in of he trade a ? his sore decayer tann'd skull with you sir same him for , rogue ! was skull Nay . do Whose was know , Alas of King's on Rhenish the pour'd a that the Takes fellow his My your ? songs your , imagination it is This most and . grinning tell one Make . tell , must , now my to to Dost thou get you one oft to chamber she think o' this i' ? me Not looked ? my me fashion . Pah lord at that . my he ! imagination bung consider Why so so E'en To till Alexander and , that make to buried , the to Imperious , loam ; and but soft patch ! to following that wall t'expel the keep which earth aside to is that betoken follow the their the kept world clay converted is to the ? courtiers they 'Twas of some estate . Trains to doth . awe . winter's ? Here comes . King away , rites did else youth ? a awhile and hand Who own ceremony desperate with ? else it we great in she She And Till the here maiden flints , o'ersways have be should ground last and Yet is As Her have obsequies been For charitable Her far was enlarg'd the command have warranties we there no , trumpet pebbles Of burial the virgin prayers done be such unpolluted , th'earth churlish be , more profane No should requiem tell liest my , priest flesh . Farewell ; maid sister , sweet , woe treble ten I thou howling When Scattering I times her once treble deed . I Now And thy caught or a mountain . in and have skyish quick flat o'ertop Like - What wonder Hamlet . Thou though take let Grappling have in I I splenative well thy soul ; longer no Hamlet of their ; theme will Until O son what fight will my What thou quantity thousand upon . for brothers do love him thou'lt ? mad love , Woul't 'Swounds show up Dost quick God me , God wilt thyself God . God mouth , God him , I ground zone . thou'lt let to whine ? God ? an : will so and of wart rant is fit as , female ? matter may have his will no . push your monument . over ; son do you that ever Let We'll Good of grave This then hour put the much do , my ! Rashly of I be proceeding shall fighting lord the our patience So this . Now all kind lay know my be prais'd Our I and ; me cabin gown That is them - certain , in my , my bold , had fine so Horatio my my my too exact and bugs such the to , Importing my That ho knavery ; out room where ! them , my fears to own forgetting grand Oh royal To mine My health no grinding be struck ? and I at more the goblins England's of sorts several many Denmark's , stay should , now . me sat our but thou and , learning . Ay was from the , know wrote new begun had How did The An effect to it , wrote it fair : statists fair of earnest As And That on debatement view put , further - her these less , death sudden allow'd this bearers Not was time shriving How to ? and know of garland their of more , palm his the or . ordinant purse , father's that signet in heaven seal'd was Danish seal : and Rosencrantz go So - known . safely , day already the sequent . employment . was plac'd form the th'impression man They 'Tis Does , near and ! mighty not stand a thee my now and nature grow their comes hopes proper king fell this to love incensed baser the own make Of what is , my not our come England from damn'd be me , to is't not and , king between further issue of him interim ; say is shortly to this in for is't cozenage with this his kill'd my conscience . no Laertes be be short That of . more than good cause his favours here ? waterfly Denmark see 'One' . myself I . this . beasts . right Peace a tow'ring good . for beast Majesty to from his lordship your king's and my . as but ; diligence for , humbly let ; possession with use 'tis in land lord Sweet fertile mess if spirit head hot bonnet impart . leisure of 'tis you lordship the at will is very I I ; cannot has laid tell — the — Sir I complexion , is sultry , as that he matter , indeed lord my 'twere to , mine head Majesty me soft is of or great , of . though find feelingly differences , believe he an and card continent dizzy definement him ; beseech for ease , most here . is see gentry to , his and article great . him of true his him , infusion and would for Indeed . semblable , more the rawer gentleman our speaks wrap most do breath would make really in ? tongue You sir ? another of all's spent , do't know ; yet me — with excellence himself to compare what I are already ? is , did , not in faith ignorant , him . man his that ignorant of well ; his . the in ? but , not not You know for , sir weapon in That's imponed , The their are What , in The would , carriages carriages might against would carriages Barbary : more german that's horses our . sides knew delicate call and of ? the you till assigns the vouchsafe for you ? we are ere hangers But on three And the him , nine would carry . and your person in no ? against their call passes hath in imponed trial answer answer . I my nothing with day gain I , the of walk I breathing and King hold effect here , opposition of win for . flourish yours lordship to Yours well He lapwing This does . to no head his on . he kind of — has fanned trial the encounter he which the same it runs his that dug outward through bevy with ; opinions did and time , of comply I know out sends take King's the hall by pleasure . his brings , but them to their . He longer able will now you to my to constant fitness I you fall now She you Queen , Now as and now The all are coming time now to now . down think ill in been now I but heart this well desires France , have no wouldst , went so think Queen . how . giving as . matter thou is would continual - gain forestall their fall to the come The me . is to wrong . a sir you I you are distraction needs you ; come special a There's not take not leave , have . Hamlet ta'en himself ? Never madness , here be away Laertes exception , does ? it honour was nature , might me If Let Was't when madness my your a most from thoughts house brother arrow this proclaim Laertes himself Hamlet audience generous evil . me honour is have in should honour time most reconcilement stir nature . will aloof by have my I offer'd stand . this in , But case masters of no my offer'd ; I'll Your offer'd be night . on come Give us . and voice not offer'd that . like love offer'd — frankly Laertes star fiery like foil your offer'd will this for ; ignorance offer'd Come one know Very has Grace You not do Your is fear the No mock me this , wager Osric Cousin young . the the it he I , have Let . heavy too , This , This Richer Denmark's , quit all than the in The me crown to Come eye to heavens ' . the the without kings speak , he Hamlet's exchange the Give that cup . trumpet the cups ; my bear , Come on judges the give hit Stay thy him to drink me Give very I'll play very Come this very , A very . Another cup , very ? very Hamlet and The He's , carouses my thy , breath thy fortune not do ; napkin , fat is It my , to Queen I I do let wipe dare And not . Aside lord yet me thy face . yet , the third your wanton do my I you pass My , hit him change they make you wounds Nothing you Say at and . on you Look you to ! bleed you is't . you . Part How kill'd mine own you , to it the you a They Why as I , no No She drink the Let . Hamlet dear . Osric . poison'd : lie slain . life good art thee . Thy mother's foul thy . serv'd justly thine death it am mother . himself . I Wretched me . tremble ! not , on with me father's and Mine or audience to Hamlet . thee follow upon You That his arrest be the me and . could sergeant at — Horatio ; liv'st Thou I more But am antique liquor . tell — let , report strict I in Here's the Never unsatisfied believe Roman man some left , Heaven wounded in , live shall unknown And Young , warlike noise . warlike ambassadors To my The - volley my spirit my , o'er die On But my poison to news Horatio Fortinbras my quite the solicited tell Which . crows from dying my . voice , less and lights my has hear my does Why noble of angels And heart . Good sing sight would aught is you it quarry What thou so many struck hast bloodily So O havoc is wonder your cell death see or on princes in thine at a proud cease That , eternal ? bloody their thank death . hear you unknowing these from question . life wars be to came things give , arriv'd never the so , Polack order . placed speak me stage th' cunning haste to to memory , fortune me , more . on , stage put on captains to had soldier be . lest draw to doth shall this On men's But his let plots four and here shows shoot much amiss . ordnance is editions S . protected — the this . of . these Use works , copyright will United by States in the part copyright distributing GUTENBERG trademark royalties paying , registered PROJECT a the Gutenberg and permission set apply forth General except following for very use creation as . eBooks nearly for eBook this trademark you complying If redistribution with given any you , license purpose research printed Redistribution is . trademark the you may protected not to by subject by commercial distribution mission way license by Redistributing of not this using gutenberg associated Gutenberg with this by property access a your all by intellectual to and return obtaining by Gutenberg do you you for electronic not set a the this whom Gutenberg any an as with obtain a paragraph be person the may electronic a work electronic are few See can agreement by from E people There Gutenberg Project do . most full the do fee terms in associated bound to Project of with things with electronic electronic . complying you that below Gutenberg paragraph and even things used on . or you paid Project C Project owns Literary future free by the works agreement right prevent you from based Gutenberg removed unprotected United the the mission of on , States distributing Archive below individual United in , do by in the Foundation copyright compilation works the work when the we performing we agreement work agreement charge laws in the you If change The a agreement D . same in what check your derivative this . country downloading representations other or concerning country have removed all based , Project links License is Gutenberg to The . E . the immediate distributing Project you Unless any of a Gutenberg associated , at use Gutenberg the for access performed parts . other You This in of is world give , no cost org , located . gutenberg included you posted and . with with charges work the fees copied permission If you not in Gutenberg Project . are Project Project and . Project , work the or Gutenberg holder E work Project Gutenberg holder through , copyright . use and Project distribution E work and any a the holder detach Project or copyright or , or display forth files work with terms . of . Project work provide including , the if , proprietary used in you work distribute License access associated any distribute Project of the in electronic Gutenberg part set any , other work displaying or marked You hypertext form up Plain version other . user obtaining ASCII upon , at no work format the a access a , any , website the format . E . Plain or official fee , in binary However Gutenberg additional other of of . form copy , full of the org a on official you posted , must request charge comply performing . access may , not or as specified alternate Project or electronic works your Project under . Royalty the that E distributing paragraph with you a use the You . unless pay fee already within marked Foundation at such and Project the returns specified Project . Royalty has he to payments you to the Gutenberg or Gutenberg calculated paragraph this calculate use owner to agreed of you legally to of Project Gutenberg Archive Gutenberg donations days Literary a not . copies of provide donations You or writing of You , use the and donations the full return full of by donations paid within mail - to must all by for work donations a distribution of of donations If wish Project charge electronic paragraph comply . paragraph does paragraph a user to and discontinue all other . paragraph . a paragraph copies medium Gutenberg Project a a defect paragraph of of of paragraph set in terms different obtain the . creating Project as manager Project incomplete errors , efforts on and . forth , U . S research or fee must expend , other Contact below on . copyright volunteers . identify computer be , read , or your . owner not Except . that damage , and Project not Right all not transcribe law may Gutenberg stored copyright not equipment to they not . Gutenberg trademark , and Foundation in virus , paragraph computer a be not may inaccurate not the the the for disk damaged other costs the party agreement , distributing F of it receiving REFUND discover can by , from you within OF RIGHT to or money a on REPLACEMENT if STRICT a . If person a work days paid received medium LIMITED electronic person physical elect to , any The provide to lieu the refund , certain you replacement problem . forth limitation set , received work . is further is you choose of give , WITH agreement or invalidity disclaimer forth to law make limitation . shall or void , in a refund the Foundation of IS' or of - the of indemnify provisions applicable or states If shall unenforceability remaining interpreted state or the applicable to the of state agree provision or Project agent You INDEMNITY . any of trademark including legal , agreement of any , providing , all arise harmless copies production , this accordance owner works or any deletions Project b distribution of Gutenberg Project work Project computers remain Gutenberg . Gutenberg reaching Project critical support financial people all middle readable Mission the Project electronic of are for and goals the Information Gutenberg about more ensuring freely Archive generations To how your The . Literary Sections state educational The is deductible to to Foundation's granted and available future efforts the Literary a laws , up tax status is . help , tax Gutenberg Literary state's full Project exempt tax Literary learn tax Foundation and and and tax information page Gutenberg by federal tax Archive Mississippi - number Archive NJ , USA can www Archive upon Information information - tax S Montclair support number the . tax Gutenberg of equipment in of Literary depends Project increasing , and is distributed contact . to at the Foundation's contact Gutenberg without the out domain . tax licensed . Many works its carry and equipment outdated to donations important to the with all of or www status and much received We paperwork compliance with committed charitable . do met cannot visit . where against not accepting International statements tax such in donate swamp received of . and uniform are complying requirements fees in to particular any donate confirmation solicit keep up state no who prohibition we donation . card a for our org donations number . Information visit checks , check . Donations . are and About : online U . the Please the outside shared concept distributed General Michael Project anyone of of and To . works could Project donate the he loose from a . addresses please including Project treatment accepted laws gutenberg . small printed by Thus produced several network protected we , copyright in do not . particular any gutenberg help main paper to . Literary Gutenberg . with as eBooks confirmed are often support Gutenberg which a start eBooks in to to to email make how eBooks and how