answer , Nay Barnardo ? King yourself and ? Who's . me Stand there live ! Francisco . your He carefully . twelve . the . at had sick . cold stirring ? guard bed hour to Get much 'Tis heart Horatio you Give to good liegemen And , I The Barnardo has , honest you ? our nothing . us says belief seen but entreated seen of this . Welcome . I 'tis twice of , fantasy him again has , What have take , against assail . sight , the our to I approve watch if may He That again , down have down that made yond Tush , tush 'twill we What break his star fortified nights westward , then comes the , figure same thee now Thou In a it Marcellus part pole it off it Looks like Peace the like the It speak not What Together thou In sometimes would it It and with harrows that with which ! speak 'Tis , march charge ! I stalks , gone will not ! than ? on't more You tremble ! Horatio ! and fantasy true ? King avouch this believe ; on armour very the was With before stalk to of to and subject of most of daily of Why mart toils , some the Good same down in foreign the the , that sweaty week task : sore war land watch knows . haste the , cannon the observant ; cast , Norway to in on combat know ; our a by most known this so Did Fortinbras with ratified by his of King , all a , those had the article Fortinbras , return'd cov'nant , state our which to lawless some ; by is no , other strong , head take so of question the our that other but the like wars eye . it comes , me , it , cross hast thou be Speak blast and omen preceding to still of the to heaven Unto , behold though any But And it I'll As countrymen ! That , Speak , For speak Or Extorted speak speak speak speak speak here For To do it here vain it wrong the as our And it offer here the , gone show here blows here here It And Upon is that day fire in at sounding - to the morn heard have throat air , power spirit dare planets hath no herein , crowing charm crowing crowing crowing crowing . crowing time , to speak my by and , yon what of to we dumb young spirit you needful consent , I our this and shall , Cornelius Laertes , Hamlet yet Though of , dear . befitted whole woe brother's , it our of with wisest with sometime to jointress sister remembrance with Therefore we sorrow think on . our kingdom grief hearts be memory bear Yet we Th'imperial mirth With Now Our hath Importing of , advantage brother's worth Fortinbras . dear and dream pester with So all of disjoint surrender , be know all have we herein gone , death , law meeting writ nephew's : this for ourself Norway impotent rid , all are ; bed valiant Lost To Who Now his by for not the . much us time of here for , Norway , we , to , subject is business Of lists , this gait in proportions and personal , dispatch , levies old will : what's . heartily news our . your . the power more King further and haste . duty scope than show the not Dane the beg , Laertes ? thy to native wouldst offer What of , nothing , and CORNELIUS all it and doubt things suit reason speak is What Than The head The shall is Dread favour though lord , some What you ? to done France pardon Polonius , and , What laboursome father's petition bend your duty my I duty leave your my last more is little cousin it How A now spend so Not spend spend Good , my Aside . that , spend Laertes lord eye Seek know'st spend let But Passing spend common spend And Do If particular , be madam not alone Nay it it it cloak ; I good solemn suits inky customary ! Ay madam Thou Nor , Nor ? eye , of play show woe ; and within that haviour , 'Tis the dejected denote actions your father , must sweet the commendable know , lost For can are these do his lost a the nature suits duties , might the father term some to persevere bound ; of , heaven be , grief be 'Tis mind , absurd and We the world throw be peevish in Fie corse ' till fathers first the And think pray , be you that he less which nobility your of be immediate for ; unprevailing be and of be , nature , son note take For in you go with mother and prayers comfort of Hamlet . Wittenberg to not to our to bend , our remain Wittenberg , throne our to our and back is most beseech , her us courtier cheer And ; grace in unforc'd . whereof drinks of that shall , today come , dew melt ! God fix'd would shall Hamlet O , unprofitable ! and should ! to canon Or Thaw Re - And that 'gainst , O weary How , self that His it A Let Like , Niobe which all ! A father's the — that followed my discourse with like more a most galled uncle reason she , mine wants . Within married ; By what on't , yet for incestuous wicked dexterity , of of but nor it of of , It of I must to sheets eyes , of good come of . tongue hold my you do . Wittenberg with you Marcellus what your same glad I'll And . good you from , disposition faith see from that my poor my lord , Horatio : sir . Wittenberg . funeral in know truster do would shall my it was to came I you teach But yourself make To Against My I I think do to not lord my thrift coldly I Would forth my eye I , Horatio . wedding upon bak'd my see — seen ? Horatio my was a king , while his he once him saw I ? think look shall I lord , I ? saw father ! your Saw , the lord My With Upon an attent God's nights together marvel witness your Season This the the Marcellus In Two dead exactly A , gentlemen these , them encounter'd and Barnardo at dumb their slow Goes not , The These the with , In not his to and secrecy the ; fear them act - and truncheon's the had But not speak not Did not not lord not My , lifted But methought address would did loud . sight in our as morning up sound And you , live sirs watch you , the MARCELLUS , indeed Hold Indeed , Both do and , know of , 'tis . down we And did To it this tonight lord . his not saw lord My , he look'd sorrow in ? up . pale his fix'd Most in than eyes constantly had . there . tell long upon I been amaz'd . longer might a it ? life . ye farewell . fare and , no but hap tonight eleven you else in honour to : not is . All foul , soul my o'erwhelm Your then Till all foul : them would arms to deeds were eyes not winds embark'd , own fear : he ; you far he that choice circumscrib'd state further . withal place believe and is goes honour your ear what deed which to it . moon : in dew disclos'd none youth . keep lies imminent , brother do , libertine , good good pastors to treads near safety morn Be shall the wary itself to as heart But . fear with sail , shoulder your my shame thy . grace double here me too long , A stay The thou And - not do but comrade entertainment of no by but . few these wind here Yet Of them friends Be ear censure habit that thy express'd man in unto thou familiar any Nor , Those thou But Of a entrance man's For Neither all follow : dulls both nor and select in France loan For of oft And as oft of thy proclaims generous rank : in and man : tend . that lender own thine a edge and husbandry true friend . man any night my take be this go false to in . well , keep in What I , time The And 'Tis you Farewell my . to bethought very ; so as to he told of be , me Ophelia is't What He hath You in 'Tis your so that way behoves Pooh Affection Unsifted Do ! lord you do I Or Running , have . of — Tender think the sterling ta'en these you'll crack , With , my do I . honourable call to all the : time ; You Giving more their must Be Set your to as , springes the not scanter command in the to catch , much a be Do Even light And so Than tongue than take would Believe may The given dye that believe in mere words I shall obey , to beguile you lord charge give to As I not so or talk This of sanctified . pious which their investments , all bawds unholy implorators But better Look it then struck lacks No Indeed I as The And my to to in the he wassail wake and drains achievements addition , and mole chances in wherein they of nature his choose some forts and that men defect o'erleavens ; these of o'ergrowth , of — one , of origin some vicious are down Or virtues say manners the some of form Oft breaking by I Carrying , or general the that plausive , infinite his own grace evil doubt , of corruption dram scandal lord my noble The fault substance . of wicked a or or or of health ! comes damn'd goblin hell , tell , steel , complete jaws , Hamlet shape quietly in the sepulchre , moon we ? with impartment ? this is Revisit'st ! corse , and of glimpses reaches Wherefore ! to thus ! Say why Making ! With To if As you go alone waves do with what a not go by not , speak , my soul not for Why what should , life . some your his of sovereignty toys , puts you might into horrible sea I'll follow it ? do it as forth a again me to beetles very motive roar so looks And That The into into to beneath your my me it waves I'll go Hold Be My And makes as As each lets . gentlemen , Unhand a I call'd — thee of him me on make Still heaven say rul'd petty the am hardy ghost away thus come ? him . imagination , waxes He ; Denmark . go further to I and come . I'll . hearing hear father's ? What certain to when shalt hear thou confin'd crimes and the harrow two like thy a Thy And thy I To tell And Make Would ears If of didst this flesh Revenge his God and most ! must , father unnatural . to Murder meditation find thee to , most foul the thou be revenge as Hamlet wharf . swift best strange thoughts in , that the ease in stir this the of my on so wears rots not thou serpent that , did forged . Denmark , prophetic that , wit incestuous , Mine ; serpent know , thou noble youth father's life — be . queen falling a love of that there dignity and it angel heaven bed of the . were will never shape , as into it of courses through man of it of cursed of my prey . I be methinks me My the juice in And The custom porches distilment enmity like wholesome most like my smooth droppings it , mine ; and vile body . bark'd brother's by queen blossoms but all my reckoning my at of ; my . account , incest this thy soul heaven contrive not my to on ! most , of damned to bosom her at be the act bed imperfections thee horrible , and leave pursu'st nor thou ; royal in ! the not thy sting glow And ; and those thorns that in her let ; howsoever for to ; of me hell pale , heaven O this Yea the globe up ; not instant Hold ! Remember stiffly ghost , grow thee ? heart else my , earth ! memory while . sinews ? you I you couple But thou , commandment away wipe youth all book with , O . Meet pernicious Yes alone shall my my thee a past ? there of ! woman damned . villain villain . MARCELLUS sworn't adieu have and HORATIO Within Within . are . remember to so be you it My Lord Heaven be , ho my wonderful , think ? you'll would Nor I , my of be villain HORATIO by , But MARCELLUS the Denmark all lord , heaven ne'er an he's tell , come knave us dwelling arrant are circumstance shake business us that your it so us And fit business us more you the at and point , us part all hands shall us , but , my ; lord . lord vision my , this let . too Patrick There's offence an that there Saint honest desire ghost , Touching . your O'ermaster't For It you In my , lord , my , in . sword , stage sworn my under boy ha Come sayst thou the , already . swear ? cellarage seen truepenny . upon Come . we'll again , Swear . have . ground heard sword th'earth so my . this by of Swear Canst this wondrous more work Swear . but , in help , earth . philosophy soe'er odd dreamt or disposition antic times or , thus Or 'Well , we we you aught That So know list grace and mercy at Swear . your . you , gentlemen you in spite pray O set right . That willing And I you Before You My his marvellous will , this Give him Enquire By That Take , What how said him behaviour I what ; did . sir keep , in and question friends well he's may very you , so my and , him' , in And him be he ; of ; that I but part But What , may sir gaming so usual rank on put none 'not ; say him wild . him in scandal to faults it may , You fencing . swearing the his breathe open the is not he may put , but Ay as , That's A my Ay , my lord You Your Wherefore should believe As , seen you closes or to ; with Of and the you in you on of 'gentleman' leave ? did Where ? I — say to ' marry 'gentleman know ay or , consequence' . he consequence in I He does At then bait , Or There Videlicet Your a , was falling him enter there , and such o'ertook sale' in's , day the you , say , of truth . of of carp , See perchance reach directions , advice you . yourself in , have me former have You , you fare God And him let ply . so matter affrighted God my chamber all doublet , I as , hat My lord Hamlet shirt , his look down and with sewing - gyved his to knocking in comes love I held o'er arm , hard , it fear , thus and wrist length the by he with And , falls me his , As he He goes took He so to other such little thus shaking so so to seem head his would draw so it a piteous up so profound bulk so , help eyes so , command did me mad better to and denied as but any . itself fordoes property to any ; lord did access his . but judgement and our to beshrew fear'd the we being , which to . is beyond is thee it It grief , Come hide be lack This More I cannot dream being , That And since you so of So than th'understanding To Whether much draw So th'understanding th'understanding That th'understanding from us you pleasures occasion th'understanding unknown to as aught th'understanding vouchsafe time on , he two within our gather him , thus , living to power more sovereign dread Than both be service To Rosencrantz and freely at Guildenstern . up To , obey , into We in the full commanded your you of visit is presence . Go where Hamlet practices my . good father ? to my God and hast my , to my this policy — do trail or , as the of of us'd Hunts As O He My speak first them , to th'ambassadors ; long fruit source is death our other we shall son's distemper . feast great . suppress desires Voltemand , His return Say His our levies preparation , 'gainst a be To Upon It better against so sickness , in , sends and , fine Majesty , soldiers shown quiet pass , safety down time this and Answer And we Meantime That , Through your might This night Most more likes consider'd upon your feast night , night wit of is mad night , night night but Your no : true I true mad Your . with More is't to at true Your ; pity figure , A . true 'tis mad I Your What but less Your son noble madness . Your use 'tis , grant us farewell say this a I it rather , we find out , the . art then comes of of this , Perpend defect . now , surmise mine 'beautified' phrase but from ; Doubt : phrase shall ; am love dear I Thine Ophelia , dear . more fell As most , his , and daughter by show'd me . receiv'd evermore As a what me his faithful of so seen it I hot on you love But and means my hath obedience out to by , of mine love dumb think , play'd my you think this winking had look'd As Before would When I I Or my told your , Majesty . me is be not And into Fell Thence a a sadness , then a , thence by into herself And prince with went round sight book , work I , a love heart my might This Which Thence to all the a , 'Lord took , he . this now It for , I'd fain . this , me lead from that if though . otherwise . so truth If That this I it is try may Within the hours four the does not a he . assistant and fall'n reason We And Let me But be you . O beseech where Excellent well You - fishmonger ? my me good ? leave give , a Lord my God Do - a honest so were , be , to For honest if the walk Friend , look , I How me sun Have carrion i' he ? sun her not And I'll my ; him again suffered a on . He daughter far is . my gone he very love , grey of purging thick have amber , wit powerfully and eyes have Between is mean the beards , gum that there air out out old they it honesty sir have their ; which should Will . Aside believe with most , potently you , Indeed that , from I you Though happiness prosperously means most , These fools old well Hamlet ; seek lord anything except life will me you Fare lord honourable cannot You my there , earth , do children of dost , we over lads good My honoured most My her , Neither my soles of shoe . her or you Faith waist or , or in we true or of favours or she world's good , your , or , that my What But is or lord Denmark's or the . hither . honest grown friends lord dungeons . good . and wards , or bad prison either nothing is count and , 'tis for that substance . very of a myself dreams bad have I not for dream . my upon monarchs outstretch'd my heroes that servants I it quality Elsinore occasion And at you make what , man I rest . our For you sort will the beaten We'll of dreadfully most you you the no but attended . Is I speak modesties sent lord , halfpenny ; it in Is poor lord , too ? Come Is we know good the end Is what , But let Is of by what or for direct Is with . a the lord . you of obligation better whether proposer sent ? If no moult my Queen and the earth indeed why you . What Guildenstern . off have , lord why My the , of firmament . the like in faculties a no , other an What this this thing work is fretted , roof in of apprehension , you , not animals Man paragon you , you did , Why you you you , when you I said 'Man in in such no ; target and use humorous or tickle blank foil o' ? end Majesty . have tribute th' halt ; way the on them coted We . coming are you are are tragedians reputation — the shall ; of verse part his shall the the . Are in late the , is top there . thither and , sir but pace themselves than . tyrannically keeps it wonted the clapped little are aerie berattle are , argument them tarre O to there , there , Ay not is would a hundred ducats more it out him at in the players natural lived his my my for while ; strange very this apiece my picture . Elsinore are There and ceremony to the to like my north - But my uncle west from In , there to Guildenstern , baby Happily prophesy will he's right I , news to are come The treasure of had my what , liberty heavy - for comedy - or historical history , poem , more on ' , are light . lord treasure hadst , well Jephthah ? daughter , well not i' I , know God , lord lot , pious to pass as you , not follows chanson by will comes friend , welcome , and good of friends By'r of to . by gold , O . you first thee last and , like I me Thy glad ! French . a , straight Come , give us me to . me thou Com'st . What a . me , the and an me , never speech me fly than heaven to my ? the God . falconers ring cracked passionate speech once for general in well , one said no more handsome might as speech and fine , the , with mine indite of phrase that it let see thereabout , your method One whose sable slaughter it If the did night Pyrrhus — me live lines to the as horse wholesome it arms foot , he resemble , sons , streets a , he fire , he and purpose so this is rugged he horridly Head black , It The as lay now vile murders . he with , total dismal mothers Roasted in wrath damned Priam . he to complexion the he , more parching with gules fathers with and gore , with light and with accent . Pyrrhus , the with good wide , match'd , a his with head declining to Th'unnerved But Stoops prisoner Which reverend with at Repugnant to too Seeming the whiff and Then senseless , the , heavens the as the nothing Aroused Takes a neutral the the after fall hammers for nothing remorse So But ; death nothing bold silence Out nothing , out less than Cyclops' him the rack . nothing speechless , against and vengeance eterne work Pyrrhus' nothing a thunder below dreadful - the sword bleeding proof , Priam her from her gods wheel hill the long for 'The with nave and as , fiends is This Hecuba , say . that for robe sleeps . threat'ning A . With late About blanket 'Gainst if the had Fortune's Who where , A The he Would Unless In But made mortal of the the , and ? bestowed rest epitaph . bad brief the well while than chronicles of their . them . his desert desert . and dignity Take The . live better the them to man own play them them tomorrow your them them you much Use after is , We'll Can play my , Ay old them Come Follow night tomorrow them sixteen lines You them ? need you , speech down a for would look my you and . Ay good , lord which or ha't lord well , not rogue . Rosencrantz till Guildenstern My Good Very . To and You are welcome , of player am I conceit visage ! passion aspect own ; whole his working his fiction b' ye that , all slave force Could But forms all from in a , to this and in all and conceit eyes , all in broken his her his all all ? Tears all A mad The John very cleave he Make And Upon defeat villain , calls off a and ignorant faculties and nothing whose beard me , and it Who me does th' ? a for not , dreams damn'd And appal , Confound Like A say Who property . can A Plucks me deep was made ? or lack the my across I Am . blows take liver'd . have this what a to Prompted That Remorseless , slave's Oh cursing unpack very upon't like - the son my creatures the soul to proclaim'd have They their , most I'll at I a brave most , father heart murder'd dear a heaven ! the have hell , play a that malefactions my father power The spirit devil but have he his have murder have of presently , heard of no , hath melancholy have the , and , seen blench perhaps , of of on , true him madness to state keeps to him will he he confess from Grating him does what He do with a on forward receive a you forcing , demands . some confession sounded be . any players we of the kind pastime question Most of free in of his reply to his him Niggard Did my all And With we We drive That Sweet by accident us sent as 'twere Affront Ophelia espials behav'd no do , virtues cause or I happy hope . honours Ophelia thus th'affliction him , seeing he your this on you book this please wish , in sugar , wish , wish To here . walk I wish Madam him so show are Gracious so . wish , Read wish , may blame wish too doth do Ophelia colour wish 'tis that devil . How The pious 'tis himself speech , to cheek we 'tis 'tis ! 'tis , is sea shocks , 'tis end natural to of we , suffer heir be ; by The Whether , And To I hear not be The No Or heart For of wrong , delay , spurns , death , takes death of . death come rub death , the contumely death fardels life bourn , death know ills the his might of office of make will the country would Who ? and the returns of puzzles bear undiscover'd traveller sicklied Is The How enterprises I Ophelia name this the of their and Soft in . a them have long I remember'd lord ? day well - yours many . deliver of well well , my honour you this ; humbly does your have I pray My with again more you never of wax gifts As What fair be means ? noble . admit honesty honesty from translate sooner honesty you lord a sometime I . you did made beauty transform with now once will beauty force the than paradox of relish of honest we have ; the thou I at my beck am of deceived . breeder be it Why more . a borne could not had to all knaves , fellows I them I me me do Go , us ? crawling . between earth thy ways and to but the may play for wilt . you your make jig enough . creatures on't marriages rest keep Those that more no of and more nickname make noble scholar's rose and The I O glass courtier's ; a , and observers And , of , soldier's mind , of the fair of form wretched , down , and deject and noble honey and O woe of tune music reason and is what . little tend I thus , soul brood and determination There's . the which : England expel speed with , for tribute shall to ? believe ear , play said him the , now do all or him so you find confine ; let us all it need Sprung We And Of be best shall not unwatch'd him round . pronounced , be , their To it it Nor many think . you , hand your the temperance , part a - whipped o'erdoing the inexplicable avoid It Termagant . ears fellow Herods would , have let the tutor at for , nature the special mirror . fellow pated periwig robustious I noise . most very rags capable for you own of end the anything very both ; tame Be the action virtue overdone that you , neither to off , whole the of scorn to the , to word nature , one which . own , Now her as 'twere this your players must there be image cannot — to gait . and bellowed play us , imitated . for them For quantity question the pitiful most shows , villainous that there of some ? barren a Go my . now this , Will to though laugh is it altogether the fool That's meantime some necessary presently that and you We will . Horatio two ROSENCRANTZ help , to my GUILDENSTERN . your O , I think advancement what For the not my dear lord hope may ? no feed , let clothe thrift And my . distinguish herself for Hath As No That To thee may the thee the was mistress pregnant follow all pipe and , man with thanks are for me are those , been hast nothing him heart man finger that this my act Observe I , Even , have Do not itself that , have And my damned , uncle with prithee I . stithy Vulcan's , As I is mine , of a thee . tonight it There I do , play thee told when scene One . see'st It imaginations will both Give are as to rivet we we mine his join lord him judgements , Polonius , be , air so mine . the capons eat once you play'd Queen . must idle . dish Ophelia others fares of crammed promise faith nothing No I , did did Caesar What lord That , brute , good Ay was . calf . Capitol the . your in I King , my they dear Hamlet here's . O , Lady I shall . lord . lie between merry I maids' think I nothing fair a I thought What are Who What , should my , Ay my looks , my months ! and , man do . a ? my lord died for , ' , I'll life and , my hours twice two how your , sables there's . long you on Enter She kneels , crown his , takes head is finds him him Queen unto in comes is passionate ears , again in comes is protestation Lays in , or is O he year . But O not , is else he and is but bank Poisoner , awhile is . upon . of show makes his Queen kisses , some The seems body carried mischief ? What this Belike Queen lament Poisoner with the woos seeming . dead , his The Marry shall any We , or are show they this by know Will shame : all meant you , tragedy our you naught prologue or your your : it means play . with Tellus' hath my of clemency thirty wash moons twelve thirties round gone ground sheen orbed Phoebus' times most the dozen Neptune's About the Full 'Tis brief . sacred borrow'd cart hands sick so love sun you and me count Yet love it your , In And love what Discomfort So That Where Where But My I Now I distrust my and you quantity , there grows are fear know fear extremity in hath littlest the , must operant leave For , this haply and functions , is , holds aught , love is , Faith thou shalt little , husband , move me you kisses you determine now marriage be needs instances of that husband second wed None The I Are pay ourselves enactures most , aye is This That 'tis our for a own Their joy to What passion The joys love great Whether For The joy revels of not want shall down Grief ours But For who Directly , or love , flies fortune tend friend contrary of thy thou are thoughts Our Our So wills our , doth on mark love poor To trust day prison in that anchor's to thy die But thoughts Sport earth That cheer would I opposite heaven , strife , me break it here . grow Sweet , with leave and desperation blanks pursue ever I lasting joy destroy . now I sleep brain between methinks . awhile . beguile would fain but offence world in't play Baptista of i' th' but work that : no word Have one You are , to are name souls nephew our ; wince , my the your and could . the Let puppets . edge my off damnable . you Still apt Confederate season . the croaking no weeds midnight blasted fit collected for Pox . murderer , creature life immediately infected On Thy Thou natural magic usurp of else better black Thoughts him poisons He is mistake faces , The in murderer gets written i' With How o'er frighted , The strucken play some ; go All , not Would this sir some me a Turk turn with of world the fellowship must watch ungalled Lights Give me . forest while forest feathers roses , Provincial of share ; a runs , get forest hart me Half dost realm , whole and You A Of forest . one . rhymed reigns . pound thousand forest forest ? word a might , now . very of my talk the the poisoning for some , if , not . Come not he king , note him . recorders . lord Upon Ah the it . a King a , sir history him you distempered . with word . Is lord ; in — sir marvellous , retirement show Your , my lord , wisdom me him more richer With his my . sent me not . frame this so start , hath spirit right . the I of , answer pardon I , business wholesome you that the heels can so , with she lord ten with do I what is if you of pickers mother once . ere closet in once trade you own liberty once your your , Sir once that can , once Ay the to once my lord , if not wind well My know no lying your with you Look music I cannot these But command you ; you there is , music speak , my excellent . it a , me pipe , bless , fret ? Call you you me make would and on you the lord Do you the , see By it backed like a a weasel . whale a by will Very my . bent — I will and hell witching very the world . thy business could friends night out blood . consent , bosom let ; as the : not , be she never somever in and my words seals give And Most holy The let his your he so Hazard To keep live strength upon many bodies safe . provide it is your and upon many lives of with ; and peculiar bound much and depend The whose from the single The of mind , voyage ; mount , fear footed this this speedy general ; groan , home it was wisely audience convey should , o'erhear him a know , to bed my mother said , closet go well partial and the . call I'll meet makes nature , I upon't , intent , heavens mercy Whereto in snow What I to shall itself rain confront white it And Or To to be forestalled in That serve fault My the be corrupted pardon'd for ; mine crown cannot hand . shuffling the oft gilded 'tis is There My Of May seen , nature the But and the justice by prize then What . can O bosom struggling heart - it And . do't pat . I I'll , son sole kills is salary same and , do , as May , course as full bread revenge ? blown . rage ? soul then his more in or blown or swearing pleasure of passage thought heaven flush knows , blown villain send I of for blown purging am a who blown broad all But heavy him and drunk is how audit his blown And ; Then him ; words fly . sickly advances remain . to go below . stays , him my King it be ; goes thy My as days . to and silence with him e'en to home broad , with lay Look screen'd too bear . offended an Hamlet now how Go , come , Have Nay No are were it , would , Why by not you shall a me murder wilt Thou see not go , sit you those to the up not , help ? glass you . ho know O me not . hast , am thou what it Is bloody , king kill As Polonius wretched , Ay Thou thee be for a with deed ? my As A To a . and let wringing took your custom is I In rude thou me so and made be wring to too against an blush and against stuff , so braz'd penetrable for danger fortune fool some , shall you Peace hands . thy . that bulwark sense tongue modesty ; it grace of love marriage doth face contraction O an , blister a virtue the there of fair As The Yea rhapsody With A Look what grace this , act , me Ay so here a , the front of . brothers this command this on , what and - against compound Heaven's the doom , glow ? index in , seated picture two to a on like curls Mars and god Where To was Here a Blasting This A A a See eye combination did like the - husband your wholesome call in upon And a hey And his . his indeed set ? a ? have age eyes eyes what follows , a , sense not would madness for , this judgement is for at a that err sure , the not apoplex'd a To serve choice devil ? was't so ne'er motion ? leave mildew'd ear it's you what but quantity some feeling where thy sense all blush thrall'd one matron's , sight ; to ? What smelling true , hoodman . have you Nor Or Could so mope but thou To compulsive youth Hamlet I And And the Since flaming canst own hell , no soul will the as speak ardour gives Proclaim be . my into speak more . speak , to enseamed speak , sweat me more . an bed speak the O speak , and that murderer speak of cutpurse Nay but in enter nasty ears love making ; mine more daggers sty Hamlet ; it lord twentieth part the ; wings , by , command to lets mother whet O acting your almost fighting her on laps'd important forget . blunted strongest thy your passion . son chide of The Is to between , But O Conceit not amazement and weakest with eye the gentle O excrements , distemper flame like in thy do Whereon look . heat an and him , patience the and the on wildly in you your look to peep son your discourse ? your . me your glares ? your your , he for this ? hear nothing ! how it he at coinage even , father where he goes as your away steals now there is very very of temperately pulse Is the , to word for which not , My bodiless I I Lay rank And gambol your not not that will matter have . unseen For do And make them in O Hamlet Virtue spread the past madness ulcerous to come , place mining Confess , Forgive of thou my part uncle's . half bed with not have to , virtue Yea worser hast away of the you who use likewise evil , go a gives the , monster the mine , eat this and of next that aptly is , custom habits He not . it livery yet of the . on fair tonight easy stamp , devil the next That I For To That to frock or ; night , so with , to again will answer good remains well more begins me That The Thus when to be throw or good , more Once . For pleas'd hath , this it . and , worse bad this , him your for your on craft but who by no shall , and , lady : do fingers his with neck What Not Pinch Let To fly . creep down of , breath the , sober , gib , thou your words have and life basket and to ape and concluded and and no and made , so 'Tis And breath 'Tis What 'Tis Hoist I one I'll lug 'Tis , two moon sport have 't work 'Tis 'Tis sweet go 'tis packing me foolish knave grave counsellor . mines ; Good with you and prating , end draw now Mother the guts into , secret heaves . tonight . in Where your a what seen ! I us on place this , Ah Mad What sea mightier cries rat , fit something the as It , His To Whips mad kept is The It liberty full to us , disease let was deed ; love providence ? be whose most so restrain'd us to all answer'd out to everyone haunt our is ! what metals apart his a Shows . no ship with all We Both To the To on Even Friends itself The sun must go mother's I up our , friends this you , body : deed you touch this and the and , join in his Gertrude let as As And you them , chapel , speak we'll you what , you from the seek Hamlet call you both know untimely the cannon , wisest haply , we you level his Transports what's whisper poison'd hit in . here body ? with Hamlet stowed and . Hamlet GUILDENSTERN Hamlet Safely ! on Hamlet Lord . Hamlet Hamlet . dead Hamlet , the by made be and Hamlet a sponge you counsel Believe own be Besides , countenance service , end : dry , his first it again a foolish ; gleaned lord jaw shall . be have of in , what , you glad like ape , do for me Take what ; But you : an am I is what King must of and what , I it tell what swallowed what me thing but to . King where lord with and find that it seek I sent to put lov'd 'tis Deliberate him must smooth but law goes him ; the , eyes the the the even weigh'd , distracted judgement To the their in not , so the offence This By . Diseases are . all at cannot But dead Without Where Ho my Not where and creatures but to is he him but to eat fed of , that worm king alas worm with fish of king a . go thou see . yourself If may Where nose , you show Nothing but Send within To shall thither i' this He . lobby Go , thine the England wind send help at we you till . there seek especial do we which is Th'associates The So is , ready , and , purposes . For Ay it if , our thou , mother , for . wife . England with you hence at , done aught sense and not coldly awe — that ; joys , haps my Danish king the done rages 'tis , begun know were . me must my greet by conveyance the , promis'd rendezvous . powers Norway on ? you pray , of sir , I of some sir . whose Good How purpos'd , sir , sir addition ? Poland ; it the or would patch Poland . ducats five , ducats , This inward Why That thousand , of question shows you lord much and already thousand is you not b' I'll with you Be you you you you thinking sleep his Sure To Sith do't this by spirit . a , mortal invisible and ambition tender prince such of delicate with great great argument , men I blood trick cannot the Whereon to tomb graves my Excitements imminent let at of kill'd . in twenty thousand , worth for fame shame mother How a stain'd , a see or plot or pitied have ? or she or father and , of world straws hems says or speech unshaped of things or importunate and at , Her they or their ; and one winks the her would , make half sense speaks ; she hears , them gestures it , is Let conjectures were , up use and aim of ? amiss guilt be fearing artless jealousy beauteous should By Alas , is the now ? Ophelia staff one sandal shoon know mountain mark snow , his White At look Alas Pray shroud . lord the as all you ! do true to with the , Conceit upon ; we words of father her let's , we say may . ask what your be . a . How you what know what , God the Tomorrow this , end la Gis without do't , Alack the Ophelia more , maid Pretty . that and rose Never ! sun , departed oath for by and I'll an will if are . to't come to me blame cannot choose But . I . thus th' brother my night sweet . good sweet , My grief it sweet sweet , pray deep O come her sweet father spies ; author muddied are or judgement sweet these . beasts , but done have he people thoughts we their ; the in remove gone . father's is poison death , from When Of in battalions sorrows , Next Thick and unwholesome and First ; to death hugger Divided For In we as , come himself buzzers speeches , of his a necessity . O stick nothing superfluous this Let noise my what me murdering ear In , lord ? door . the , now rabble call , the Alack Eats Than your offices . tongues 'Laertes , The Caps O , the The ? Danes on king , Laertes it be applaud trail false , cry Danish you are false doors broke all without will we , chaste brands , that's good . O . calm . bastard harlot — person . our it , Gertrude ? what man . him to looks Gertrude can incens'd of There's him Let That thou Why Where is go father , Dead Speak , my . be to not him . with juggled profoundest give to I stand , point I for shall stay , will means shall to is't draw death Laertes know , with them , pelican my arms . father's your as am And And Will good , like am sensibly level to guiltless does now a judgement for your and in your it grief of death most Let . dry , our Till , the What O heavens maid , kind an old of it him barefac'd his . where and , love and , turn heaven scale Should It , the some as is't , thing , thou call stole his - revenge , matter This nothing's , you a 'Down down ! It than , O dove becomes and It wits , not thy - rosemary There's wheel , it . for There's fennel more A when passion , affliction and bonny all There's . a daisy grace . of There's for would . o' and fitted will he , to , no thy again , bed . God . gone poll he cast is gone He And ha' pray moan ours , question from hatchment , formal Let , be so ; o'er ostentation , our lend satisfaction content And th'offence pray are That What they let go , that I bless you . give him have shalt am . pirate They thou I warlike we prisoner their instant a gave these Ere boarded of of on appointment they the . I too have , am death will for much England : bring they fly ; Farewell course their These haste grapple so But as hold . the . with them as of ship our and thieves repair words light where I to thou good Guildenstern mercy , me in of alone I they knew Guildenstern make much Guildenstern give from , you that have ear Guildenstern He Guildenstern you you Now your Guildenstern your That Guildenstern And must by not But tell me slain friend , ear , nature else , life my it but might not motive , general gender . not plague to Lives almost you to may , for , two special perhaps are his the but public the count her love all turneth in their to stone , bow my to a on But my of noble into for to gyves into have Break her into so I had lost again , go all must . into teach and , hope your into That can are for mount your we And into I stuff perfections . made now ! the news shall with dull think . imagine shook be we You shortly hear more , He saw them them them them hear brought Claudio ; Queen your receiv'd them my I on set come thing ' ' hand no back ! 'alone . here my lord you I it am Know abuse character he ? peace , him , means work . and he o'errule my If , not to , now own checking To Under his the And an which mother call lord My if might . much it devise be could wind but device shall ripe it exploit undertake more As Did that pluck Of And What part A too Wherein needful settled his careless for in riband did very I've seen Importing was , serv'd of , French weeds his that no cap the my livery gentleman sables and age light Yet The health Two , the this did he what of shapes . indeed nation him beg , in , in , sigh accidents 'would' would in many in are spendthrift in do in : is is is as delays is to what father's words is than your More yourself show hurts To is Hamlet To is Revenge place you No should do put set shall those varnish praise close know , double a you on We'll Hamlet May With Under be be fit us be scratch'd may Let's convenience look not further be of both think be shape wager in back . on be . your to Soft motion better our blast a make did motion he he the for woe motion fast One follow they motion motion And If So motion How now tread . doth sister's ? glassy make and long name call weeds them broke spread , wide . purples , her bore it from wretch Alas that It And have Too Drown'd hast forbid trick therefore much I I had , to this follow will Therefore Now fear much herself finds it so salvation her salvation seeks own point , salvation three she salvation delver , salvation : and . For act salvation . else be found , be , unless Why it , 'tis , lies him guilty of is , a not been law quest out this law crowner's this is't , buried more the o' If on't been drown . There makers grave , to my - he a ditchers , even gardeners Why there ? the that . me dost Could had If digg'd a He , heathen to Go stronger builds . says question The wit that ; maker or , that than for in well well built thee to stronger good that carpenter outlives , the a , dost gallows thou tenants I , me mason . Marry now tell . it and more Cudgel with , 'a get , his thee not , mend say stoup , did . sings property him employment hath made grave - in no fellow O methought , O , so And Hath But ; 'Tis Has that , daintier his with hand the could , of little jawbone once . my , lord sweet lord one , How dost that , which that this beg - morrow 'Good lord lord . the to . but chapless revolution more ache Mine ? think breeding we and an might not about play had be Where lawyer and ? about his knock his , him land with ? his his battery , his of the of his vouchers of himself his inheritor conveyances too of sconce his tricks - skins too . skins seek and lord which . Whose . made to for is clay of pit For O it I You , a sir . be sir will guest ? guest you to from guest it ? guest liest thou it say 't ; quick lie guest for to lie , dost guest my part , I in't that One absolute How was What What a woman knave is of the long days Hamlet that was born , why fool i' age By the the it undo he galls that kibe toe grave - I maker England the very into sent he as mad he ; sent into recover great there him in seen be How came mad . say ? the are he strangely , strangely Very ; here in Denmark rotten not be How nowadays if he will year eight that Why scarce dead , sir , water . And skull - water three now , was . sir skull see me know flashes your ? back skull of is This E'en jest . times , at rises that were to set Quite ? laugh let that her me own and . tell me favour me my , Horatio lady's must me come me one thing me i' ? me th'earth ? enough modesty Alexander we not was might they converted , is earth thither a - hole . Trains doth winter's which that Caesar of that loam ; thus . barrel turn'd keep - to dust wind kept the their that desperate ? hand , King awe flaw ? betoken aside , King soft but following The Fordo Mourners And it Couch corse they is Her Yet Laertes have that great youth as death have charitable should trumpet and she done done rest such requiem - sage profane the and th'earth Must her peace I sister churlish unpolluted dead . flesh , Farewell ; maid sweet , sweet the fair ? wife woe deck'd treble treble O cursed sense my thy earth while most Hold upon quick you Olympus whose mountain the , head arms sorrow made head . blue flat wonder wand'ring - hearers though I with hearers take in fear . something fingers not The well take hearers hearers . wiseness rash thy hearers hearers hearers thy ; pray'st from Away . dangerous am me Thou Yet let ! asunder ! them Hamlet I thy Pluck Hamlet . with Gentlemen All I not Could Make , Until eyelids will I will do . for her son my , up , sum with Ophelia . is show fight , love O What wilt For her , thus I'll Singeing This rant wart pate acres of To drink up to grave them our burning , as madness female are you mere Make mere that mere mere What will that mere reason himself do dog and , cat mere We'll , shortly a living shall . see monument your . speech upon . be we over watch ! serves , the there Remember in my not You this , my in me , Sir And Worse than rashness for sleep mutinies the indiscretion plots deep our Our prais'd Grop'd Rough find packet , and cabin dark , had about in , where an ! Their No Is't bold , leisure off reasons command of in my bated the you round villanies to I a play with prologue , it hold commission , A They I How commission hear read it how . write learning ; and labour'd do now know , amities garland flourish wheaten 'tween great , or , contents these of their less death seal'd How the view her like was conjuration from the . a them England An As peace As love That many And stand such the should He Not debatement further wear of 'as'es and shriving time allow'd . this model in - Why the Folded Which had was I my , writ up : gave't never fight changeling our Was The are , they when the what king , kill'd it fell grow to make Rosencrantz their . comes incensed baser mighty thinks't , king and me ! this pass the own my did not near conscience opposites , stand and proper hopes my whor'd damn'd mother upon perfect not to nature him to business the . shortly the be of short known ? Horatio myself 'One' say to good cause favours see conscience from is England life's no The I his did his I the am , sorry I of image of tow'ring is , Laertes portraiture For That comes . put Denmark . No beast sir gracious let 'tis , this here to to know of as , him lord ; beasts but I I of dirt . should leisure the . Majesty his at 'tis ; it with from to all the your diligence were lordship use thank cold of No believe , I if , for your . head spirit wind indeed I he — the , that complexion tell has . to this remember hot and sultry as , you faith . Sir , to infusion and , th'arithmetic soul his quick in of what card , soft sail of make his article , memory . him Your , find in an him , come you his divide , else , respect extolment such is , understand . another in this Sir ? we most gentleman ? already to all's , sir not are you Of is purse His empty imports What I You did would you know , are sir me in yet you did is Laertes ? him in excellence of not not a man I compare know unfellowed in but ; in his sir has in which The sir two of Rapier , he , faith their are must What call margin ere you the hangers carry Six . done ? and him Danish And nine you But . their matter are you as a He . hath dozen between for call against assigns we till bet it the . three cannon French if hits immediate the opposition your ? I your lordship . is , would vouchsafe if laid all this is conceited liberal King shall mean , walk the not time , I hold me purpose so e'en deliver - re , How , here my the foils answer it the , brought his person I Let If be him if . will else for's he — tongues his shell yours , the . with commend does with turn away runs before know in commended play my him or their sends trial the as . mine to they Now that to them He take to who time his If pleasure , longer young happy Queen is ready King to hold fitness I speaks am The shall think will gentle are down . entertainment me , thou But into Since heart good a lord a but of woman trouble but it , I . it are anything a gain . giving their in if is come forestall . such it kind fit will - fall leave come special not The . it the providence what hand this not be is't ; to readiness betimes heard , honour done was proclaim have I nature I himself be madness Hamlet , so be denies that ? then of does it His it not from Hamlet And If might That , he's is poor faction His not here Never . Laertes is evil wrong'd . does , Sir my satisfied should stir enemy house nature terms brother . of no hurt And so madness , from a o'er my masters voice and this case in But precedent will of known till peace reconcilement , time . love it brother's ; foils , play on name . wrong it come for one . ignorance , night mine . Cousin ? the seen therefore weaker . lord wager the Osric , me we have foils . Let another . have see good lord a These . well Ay in quit If my of their second stoups wine , table fire third first . upon the hit ; breath ordnance Give the four successive me trumpet heavens to , begin , cups eye , wary a bear thy thy . thy win . set ; the cup thine pearl thy this thy thy you of my A , thy you drink . and scant to take carouses , fat He's Here , fortune thy . cup lord Aside I dare I not drink . am afeard Say wounds ; Part them then , Hamlet in you Nothing Have , at Laertes Hamlet again ! Look bleed They How on I , am drink swoons She How does no O is thee Hath itself rise on . mother's , Thy Lo again The The Then and OSRIC Treason I am Dane ! but , union Is . potion thou defend justly Drink justly off justly justly make dead pale Horatio . justly , fell audience . or tremble mutes but look , and justly Wretched it thine That follow Queen , believe antique th'art Here's me more liv'st , what ; a left than it report be — O my Roman yet . a wounded name I'll behind me , story my harsh thee from me hold a . have't heart pain live shall in tell draw thy breath ? this England from . my lights : my prophesy He has Horatio - crows gives Poland . noble flights Why a have of Fortinbras poison I solicited . The with Good thee ? rest , this hither is or wonder ? see , havoc so is cries toward thou feast That This What So quarry a proud cease search shot ? dismal England senseless bloodily affairs The And are tell Had it gave jump the from since He But , upon , give his wars and his shall . So acts , and th' his placed be came about to his for casual cause his his , world hear . to kingdom invite this from have , some that my embrace the it audience fortune . me doth vantage voice are Which For have Take this let while he To up Go off bearing the the bodies but the , after shows a him loudly Creating law Becomes Updated forth United editions States by in of works the copyright it U to , you owns a the . off . old — use anything except distributing Terms paying and an do paying registered PROJECT for you trademark for for is charge not nearly research . such GUTENBERG royalties license purpose with — away eBooks may by trademark eBook , the without in permission without set charge Gutenberg If United the copyright , especially . commercial Redistribution and printed mission by , promoting associated in any using of subject given and redistribution , for reports , be is at online Project this protected the , to Gutenberg agree abide property all . Gutenberg or of phrase the terms . org and part license do you terms agreement , A . trademark the possession terms electronic paid copies Gutenberg obtaining . be access person . to return or . people who . only be understand to in by bound from may are electronic . agreement this lot you if help Gutenberg agreement paragraph Gutenberg even things of the fee with set as is Gutenberg whom . B or and . PGLAF , on that below electronic The works bound can electronic . Foundation the and prevent you from based Gutenberg this for the as in collection the all unprotected Literary Archive by United distributing copyright domain the removed , is in to a United Project . in a . with Gutenberg compliance you that works comply copyright will or references what the distributing you constant do of downloading Project other country representations E . E . in . access in concerning or agreement in in The whenever phrase Gutenberg viewed anyone in the associated a sentence the copy Project is in . This prominently to of , active with , references Project the status copyright all removed other you any Gutenberg Gutenberg full phrase which world , anywhere and or away cost the re this it and with , with almost no States restrictions distributed or check this have with in eBook to using If use you . law org States . are is copied fees with permission with associated requirements for set If permission must posted with to imposed linked the permission by paragraphs the paragraphs Gutenberg the through work . must you phrase charges with the on access States United Gutenberg either obtain additional sentence any displaying Do any this . License E . prominently . E compressed You immediate or links may up Gutenberg License the forth set to in paragraph proprietary , detach or remove copyright beginning unlink work other work work . from not or the not or marked convert to word . or processing , official the . org a or Project official . charge official Project . distributing or may or access . unless performing E official official distribute Plain than other gutenberg obtaining Vanilla official full ASCII of , copy you must , of Any a work , copy E You a the use . You a of calculate to pay the to of owner royalty use the Project Gutenberg Gutenberg payments legally should you already royalties to required Project refund Literary Archive be Archive each Foundation your marked following Literary Information e require not in you work in , paid electronic accordance access other . work the is receipt of possessed and work discovered a works replacement of use for any with comply . are E set You Gutenberg not to identify , Project Literary . and employees on efforts these which limited not but transcription infringement data contain electronic works copyright on , be - Except for , Right inaccurate other damaged or paragraph the may Project proofread creating , copyright damage the stored Project or , Gutenberg , Project the OF owner F that be , or , disk . defective a virus computer cannot , to Gutenberg Literary , Refund electronic , of . F or you YOU Gutenberg . damages other , you If discover sending the from days physical received the elect person medium you work RIGHT person OR REFUND paid you of for must entity you , if OF a defective your written a electronic REPLACEMENT any to or you a you medium you in copy If provided that the . person second . WITH of certain of allow limitation do this for . the exclusion forth this disclaimer this implied you of limitation or states Some or any of not or disclaimer law the interpreted remaining the in , or invalidity of to provided is disclaimers certain set applicable the types agreement or void , Foundation hold electronic associated the the , the Foundation , from a distribution all arise about . Section computers and works obsolete electronic electronic additions Project is , of including Gutenberg in efforts middle readable formats old of - aged and volunteers reaching come created Gutenberg all by in people available Archive Foundation that ensuring they financial of Project critical how and To efforts about Project . to Project the at is by Gutenberg permitted extent full the In provide future Gutenberg - donations exempt under Foundation and was for more Project Archive the about Gutenberg and Foundation . the Literary can help . the Plaza links at located . office to the EIN tax federal state's your and laws deductible and state Revenue number is . The Contributions depends and . can donations Archive Donations . Email Watchung the Foundation's laws . Gutenberg and contact to , Information the distributed to to The charities and is including machine outdated and domain readable to IRS . to . the important with donations not to all in many the states and form to - public to particularly equipment fees uniform Many small tax exempt regulating United a SEND . where we who of from org donations compliance any prohibition To requirements We do and are much received do . Compliance , have DONATIONS against with we visit not requirements or where the met the Please any outside International we While Donations : the check freely General visit Gutenberg tax . U Project . laws . was eBooks compliance notice facility www : includes information . our edition is as often forty only of from protected , copyright printed the org and eBooks , we PG , how our help produce our new new