, Nay . me Long ? the . Stand most ! King Stand relief Stand thee unfold Stand Stand Have you had quiet Stand at 'Tis bed Stand . You struck twelve come this 'Tis For now good ground , Dane liegemen Friends And you the . is haste ? reliev'd ? Horatio him of ! there . good Marcellus tonight again appear'd Welcome piece nothing have , has I , Therefore sight let to That may approve And With will not says 'tis eyes and , your . heaven , myself and — of part . break one this of speak Barnardo night burns , westward pole the t'illume . Horatio It be that march sometimes In Together it thou with the By heaven speak . buried this of charge away I will ! speak stalks , How It ! Is the God now my gone Of sensible What think you , Is , Such frown'd Without Before He When : this our know , ice dead . that our of and and strict , sit this So toils down some most of implements war brazen cast mart And such why Why , hath and thought strange bodes same This Good particular gross and to scope eruption But now daily that - foreign Why What make least the is't night might Who Was Thereto the prick'd ; law and heraldry known a now appear'd to last Our King , of us life , to ; which , by which seiz'd his by of side who the all which know on combat by goes whisper our a seal'd compact Fortinbras , you as , Hath As hath his the - and watch motive up the to And His Shark'd unimproved skirts of a resolutes other no state enterprise is unto us of well in't appear lost . this to recover of Of and the like question to mightiest So source this through is is most A That Comes I Did squeak the Julius sheeted fell palmy trains the dews dead , of mind's state and the Roman eye so the wars figure so . the the Rome , voice of use Lo , blast it behold , cross If be any Speak , thou If Unto precurse of climatures like harbingers prologue , Which But to thee sound happily , it there good ease privy O speak uphoarded foreknowing to , it me where ! hast That if thou in in thy womb spirits oft walk ! here Do , 'Tis , invulnerable majestical blows vain it For We 'Tis gone it do it as malicious , air fearful it And our And a lofty or god his then The say our confine ; and of Th'extravagant To Whether the day with and And object . his faded that then , bird nights Some birth singeth no witch in seen impart watch dew gracious part believe it ; russet hath , are they fairy So have So hallow'd we Let spirit , our Break Walks o'er upon , and morn ; us shall our needful Let's Where we Do dumb for , loves pray find I and we , acquaint most you This we consent I . of fought think on of queen , joy kingdom nature befitted us that dear brother's and one discretion hath with sometime our Th'imperial jointress in freely . marriage dole , eye dirge we , worth gone barr'd in one delight and our thanks auspicious , to as and wife to scale affair to our of out us , brother's which , frame , death advantage , meeting lands with his know . For all Fortinbras : him of law writ , personal more , To You , of His his , and subject Cornelius to Farewell now And You this King further than your haste VOLTEMAND dilated your articles the with CORNELIUS that nothing business told You your hand In , doubt We things all whence I to and your came to coronation my throne wouldst the is willingly favour Dread From Your more And Have them and your , my your thoughts I must to wishes gracious that to leave toward give I My do , By He To now you confess father's from me duty France says Polonius leave pardon and bow him to ; Hamlet spend seal'd my be my at leave thy and ; thine time go will cousin Laertes it than son and on much sun the , lids die . off too , on . mother fruitful suits it is ; with , be nature father noble thy 'tis Thou they are But can These within a man passeth show of the the shows visage , father survivor bound heaven But for , sorrow condolement 'Tis incorrect mind It For you give To father In lost That impious unfortified a to grief impatient as common nature theme cried today died still common whose a fault fault opposition heaven , Fie should any what A heart most we ? in , to and to a peevish sense to and , less nobility think you take his son love . let woe hath immediate for dearest school to you of and , Wittenberg in father no with the father of In Than You Do And It pray shall I smiling as gentle to my and in we bend , lose ; go not to Hamlet our comfort and beseech Let ourself and prayers us my a Be earthly to cannon rouse shall clouds , again heaven would melt . bruit Denmark - Re Sits , 'tis jocund heart Denmark in drinks . Come , whereof shall health the But the too speaking King's That Possess two might excellent grows His canon How Seem That to her Hyperion on on't increase think me what Let poor thy were — uncle month a within had hang him body woman to or I my your , forget lord ever poor And The servant good . tongue must you that ? good My And name Marcellus , I to — you depart , glad disposition in A But I Nor what , came mock was see in are own your do your you it yourself do it prithee I see My had Would see Or father see Did ; see I see He saw not take see man shall I eye ? eye lord my eye eye was a once him eye was , think I , till for my eye , I look an In thus Armed the Marcellus God's Barnardo and , had Upon Goes Appears Been slow at oppress'd truncheon's to his before and Within dead and , hands These The Form By their Stand Where And the comes are But you My lord deliver'd , upon apparition Did platform to even And none none none I And we live let none strange shrunk in lord 'tis loud would . none address , and . none crew cock haste sight from none our you do Arm'd Arm'd , toe up . you not from Then , my What , more countenance lord , frowningly than his he face foot . anger . yes O I been Very While His Not one like very longer when MARCELLUS , I was I A as I Perchance warrant my , my hitherto tenable else understanding loves 'twixt I'll visit duty as , in play , my earth necessaries sister is let Do and , fashion in the permanent and , No , youth sweet , so but , no , does but of , Perhaps , mind this loves is to on Then wisdom his in saying main voice what credent , heart , unmaster'd the fear shot maid her 'scapes galls before the Contagious then itself th'effect my heart some and steep puff'd path his . me here . double a second . aboard of . my . in . thoughts thought his no by their with palm unfledg'd hoops with but beware of but few reserve purse thy ; proclaims the generous a itself edge of own self the season take I my my go you , your well you keep my lock'd key . the Farewell he hath to it . you So 'Tis Given Have As behoves do What please you oft : of late . you tell must honour truth me , yourself and ? in of understand I up late ; ta'en teach That do Affection it , hath He ! not are to Running importun'd me with love yourself Tender wind fashion . of to me think Ay Ay Or — it In may , holy all tongue light than , take vows burns the hath With fashion And , When their as fire maiden young brokers , may he Lord walk show Ophelia making - a a is : your time . my words so slander you plain in like But Look As to to't bites air shrewdly The a ; is the obey twelve . it cold ? is think not this the heard No takes and wont lord the and , swaggering upspring . rouse reels Rhenish he And mind though , custom trumpet draughts tonight held , does kettle drum The - Keeps The What doth The wake of of . is't drains his and Is it to This honour'd They From our So their oft addition and them in are of choose of vicious pith achievements , and , tax'd it at our wherein they of though ; and traduc'd the stamp Fortune's as , as pure star that these take may man as — livery be Being infinite that Shall the fault substance they and guilty complexion forts nature of form Oft Since virtues Nature's , particular the As I else Carrying His to royal I Thou King Why thy burst me father speak cerements burst op'd Hath up again corse dead , glimpses and why , death sepulchre inurn'd in the fools of disposition our we moon , steel mean jaws nature tell , the complete marble his thee ! saw we the , What of reaches Wherefore hideous why To you alone courteous more go not do But removed . speak what go to you beckons did impartment some it . not should my my at as pin's lord then no will . itself a the what can life I'll flood follow , sea form it , reason of the . lord , Think to . lord my . sea . fate am . To not 'tis what after is in Heaven rotten Nay , me ? lead Speak . I me Mark . is almost sulph'rous will hour and render , up but lend I shall , poor what am bound I , revenge when What ? not art thou , Speak to thy thou certain day away in term a tell Would two up to done . of unfold freeze from locks start whose crimes the could like purg'd foul thy I days walk To ears I To Make soul ; prison But and harrow this particular and eyes each tale a Thy And Revenge most unnatural fretful to Like list not porpentine hair If and father love murder ; is swift — and thou But most to May That Wouldst stir not And shouldst itself out that in ; Is me abus'd given thou . father's life Rankly serpent serpent A wears prophetic Mine O Now , noble crown whole death youth thy thou sting know my 'Tis stung by his his ! seduce of what gifts wit , of , with that traitorous have that , uncle beast gifts there dignity the with off falling hand to I The that O So , went whose was poor gifts as in ; bed air angel and of shape of to were never radiant it to in it though sate lewdness a , natural in court . mine let Upon my of Sleeping I prey soft , lust To of Though But wretch virtue Will So , eager gates wholesome , a . and bark'd So into the it droppings vigour alleys courses effect man of through body milk vile with dispatch'd , with , hand sin ; my . sent on my it head with account with with , bosom with damned and pursu'st that thorns well her , aught . thee the Fare in thy ! not lodge leave nor thee horrible O royal ! most horrible be soul this bed be fire me Remember memory instant ! thee Remember my ? heart . at fie . while . observation all distracted poor my copied forms of not earth grow stiffly from all youth I'll , I you , heaven brain live , past . a down be I smiling pernicious . volume all commandment of book matter trivial alone and saws thy the with Within And Unmix'd am sure it villain , and lord Within So Within Within My HORATIO . Within . be , ho , ho How Illo ! my O , lord bird ? it I Not I , No lord , wonderful , tell ! heaven ? man once it . lord , reveal by think Denmark from ; the come we , us you are and hands i' desire at dwelling he's a ghost tell lord no I , and business and point own . lord my , I'll . poor desire the , you ; and , you , vision , soldiers us tell between now scholars , may are you Give We . is , what have will me poor . friends is And , what request good one lord and . my my , faith In HORATIO We lord not faith my stage swear in . Consent hear thou Cries boy Come , the , by . seen speak Never on lay to by this that upon my , have heard . sword again your , we'll our . so . Swear , come . never hereafter shall bear — so seeing or head meet , shake , you — mercy , might' , this need not know to we Or Here , list grace So That Or speak' ambiguous Beneath , rest Rest And of Or ; or out , do to you to as commend such And That come of on poor so what do May Nay let's out ever willing , time still is set O cursed I go in together spite . to you pray friending . joint was , Give money Of visit do I Reynaldo . make . to , behaviour well Danskers said are expense of where in Paris finding more you will demands know 'twere , in And As Take they your thus ; ' mean he lord mark come and my 'I be , may As , Addicted in But As Ay , so sir my gaming , or As so companions wanton ; so such noted , of none say most and , take marry , so rank charge , quaintly . faults ; mind ; savageness : is he That not may in . blood a of good seem put you as , Faith The A they , Of do lord you my general it , here's sullies soil'd of fetch i' th' my the breathe so ; the to or with in Very . the , this seen converse Mark , him closes The , youth Having As in ever 'Good By mass I 'friend 'closes or so in — was He , saw 'closes Or He closes with him with gaming , consequence : 'I . ay or : rouse , know such yesterday thus the about , sir , does What was I something to the At out him was then you there such t'other the , gentleman , or such enter he , There Shall . my indirections By , falling windlasses by Videlicet , or a so have find So , you And bait brothel we wisdom and perchance you ; advice , in Good my You God lord have . music his . him Ophelia With now Alas No Pale Lord hat Ungart'red of he , his - with , his head a had for Mad To As And as with horrors , loosed knocking so ? truly ? said he I ; hard . so face stay'd all his shaking mine arm and down profound , he piteous shatter being it Then with He At And And did . find o' For He his to by he thrice to draw other — thus , his bulk me turn'd eyes . without done And end his his doors he his head last with seem'd go have me violent the is the him any but letters me with I . him . is it seems To cast discretion it be . common ourselves as hath That sorry quoted It lack meant am that His you denied . him access to I To More And Welcome that use long to did you Something . to and than grief hide which , go the we to close Come I inward man , you himself should put , entreat of th'understanding of So More it father's from dream brought youth hath be , Guildenstern Rosencrantz did transformation . What nor nor that Our Resembles Since cannot your to days was much than need we have have , since you lies open'd as him little death . the it from , he , I he To us so and with much show whom sure , Good And more To two adheres your the For As Might We To your . Guildenstern at , more entreaty be your dread pleasures our To Rosencrantz , bring where , to Rosencrantz gentle freely in both here , lay Thanks too Thanks and amen my return'd from Th'ambassadors lord , good . good lord of found my hold father Norway Are ? hast hold O shall first , that admittance do of policy I ; th'ambassadors that My He The Thyself is no sweet source friends good sift our other him from sent he of ; appear'd suppress to desires ! Norway and him to Polack truly whereat griev'd , and sends brief out never in , your to to and Majesty to , to to to to . allowance . together business read , we'll upon think for took . home welcome Most business is day liege My day What Why Were What is't let go art will . Madam , More matter : now , Perpend , defect remains art , figure all at art . cause , the Or That To That's Hath I a this , daughter her shall phrase Now gather is surmise — mark . hear the , most beautified vile a faithful ? Adieu to hath whilst , reckon . him ; hath are sun to the be ; Ophelia . dear But doubt I O never love . numbers this daughter by to , his machine to and place his means ear love you , think , table or what , me told play'd What my given Or heart dear daughter it had my my had Or I would I As Before Or prove I I look'd And , love that wing the - mute here : her . of from I his I I with and , tokens short this a tale mistress ? think you might done my That Thence lightness the And he to a a Into to Do It a time likely ? for . said , the truth Where may , How may try though me be otherwise know I'd know ' that , so . prov'd Take is circumstances this . hid will I , centre . indeed find , were ? hours . carters loose and time And the not me Let encounter be But Mark from . I I'll indeed So his for thereon fall'n a daughter her , him not then to an If But Away I'll look How Well good Excellent good so you were good I Not , my good , sir to , be lord would , good . Honest I You a - God picked good , is to be one very ten goes . being dead That's Have if the carrion . my maggots , as lord dog a I her sun you is a ? a true in conceive th' not that blessing to't was sun ? Aside . my Friend Still you again I he , words What do my love for . i' may I , is speak my said look have . he lord lord ? this How . amber purging my who you says their plentiful a ; that have eyes that lack I to , here powerfully men wit thus though have backward it go they sir honesty as be that are satirical matter For their All this , weak that sir , beards with you potently ; sir should I faces Into , yet walk be and wrinkled old you out , yet my air often that out is are could be means not of which not hold , A o' so the grave will . madness meeting contrive prosperously delivered ? How , his You sanity of and my daughter . cannot , sir , take except children he friends Rosencrantz ! lord , How My the Good As excellent . good that Fortune's Happy in are shoe . happy - very her in the . is honest the question O that , good , strumpet a not prison prison a ? world you to lord sends world's your the but you is are Prison in think Denmark Then We many th' nothing bad . good king either . prison your and 'tis , dreams is are be , makes a ; for so it one To ; being so not , then 'tis thinking then ambition is a . myself narrow is it me it I have too it , the a of dreams and reason ROSENCRANTZ shadow's but court we a and . For monarchs We'll wait and . the with . quality I my fay and you at servants . honest friendship , of sort hold and are . beaten To such you the , dear in other a poor Is you Come speak . And ? even are too a , should Come . What , anything no my am , it own my I in the lord were say craft is you , come ? I dear ? to know To confession kind modesties ; and have for your Queen you , dear a the ? my sent not have there you sent You King What Guildenstern then I To preserved teach end which my what of me by . say If . no off you love me , sent you , hold our more by , let the consonancy and and direct by , fellowship love . Nay My were , have will late , you to I , it goes to look in , most of I know King ; and indeed is , not delights by like an form thing majestical the , me sterile with mirth this why of this you What to work man fretted earth other the seems , promontory in admirable , my delight said , dust piece roof than , like ; to say me , to how . in . a in animals no you from , angel paragon Man apprehension 'Man his foil his shall the are laugh stuff humorous freely mind her of He think My was when in players lady clown that shall , use wont the not ; plays welcome What take those shall , my lord if you coming end they they Even hither or in residence means say for't and me the adventurous , those delight both of I ? estimation they so Do How ? profit they by comes same their to . followed when ? and reputation . ways did ? in little tyrannically are berattle aerie I Do think in of sing Do ? stages clapped they grow but on them scarce are ? can Do themselves eyases are common — Do grow longer , wonted their Do are ? Will — come — do Do sides . on should of that Do cry the they they them a to much if quality quills 'em writers ; for went unless tarre afraid goose and and been children better they than exclaim most afterwards , their means against no like no Ay has the . King lived strange ; my for , the has mouths make not , fifty , very that O there much carry his out is something a is . it more uncle lord it load , hands players my father than would there , garb this are fairly this ducats is my lest outward . north of you , and not is Guildenstern Happily the Well out too he's see second will right to for of to come them a have , tell say an my . Rome . Mark tell indeed it man is You . you lord my come hither buzz lord news Buzz actor for pastoral , history individable historical pastoral scene too light , for only Plautus , heavy too - on honour . either , Israel what . of , liberty - treasure ? historical world , comedy tragical , the poem men , or , ' ! I daughter a on , well that . on then , follows on my As came on of the to It on , masters on . friends last good . O all I abridgement will as , pass welcome . friend ? face , valanc'd . look my Thy Denmark nearer God anything , Masters , thee I since young see well than What heaven Pray French . like cracked to't , remember as , it top the — an modesty the make as wholesome might as it , speech method of as , received mine in pleased if million or the others indite it in lines as , sallets were in an the honest . Dido to let it he and total dread in dismal with , fathers of mothers and , daughters damned in Roasted , horridly to foot , fire good discretion light , trick'd Head parching and eyes lord , well , him lies command drives to Greeks . in wind . and Priam Repugnant to too short Striking Rebellious But to base falls blow and this father to Pyrrhus' was a neutral , painted heavens as death bold the Doth hush winds ; did , region never Mars's With Now the round spokes down the to and general shall He's Say on jig a barber's or a Where Run good barefoot That's With her blanket A But if instant mincing In 'Gainst Who , he see your ; you for you , well abstracts have you according your . hear you could , my Ay Ay you which , for would my , need down lord I You night sixteen lines till My welcome look not ? ha't tomorrow well Very . good slave Now am here ! I player conceit lord peasant . this his in's own I that in to of dream a his visage function wan'd his whole aspect distraction ? passion , alone am . suiting ! for , and , in broken fiction a Is Could force not monstrous all the horrid amaze , That and the Like can - dull A damn'd A calls my , and dreams , her motive and guilty very Make the ? have I And me beard villain , made breaks . nose the it the me ? take by Upon whose property take me to I pigeon should take , am should this slave's take ass an Why , the my a fall take what That I take Must take A - to like a whore scullion Fie , creatures ! the That by About guilty my very struck have Been brain ! I my with words , heard play scene , his but these he blench I father have my hath that looks devil power and spirit The devil is he T'assume May As Out I'll mine pleasing of him to the be very damn potent shape me I'll the . me conscience no he harshly he feels will himself , can so turbulent forward keeps find a bring he Most on to well of . disposition confession . When gentleman true receive his we But would with Madam , it fell free you his demands him we of told pastime players kind a are true the much order . content . these to on shall purpose , We my us too we That 'twere . hither espials seeing lawful , unseen accident for , he , judge is , his their bestow sent leave Madam , Will That wish here . exercise Read in with to may blame we that do sugar . true conscience give 'tis devil book you — such are We — prov'd , ugly more not And The . O thing with speech beautied the my cheek O him or , the arrows and arms not nobler be To sea of against to the suffer , question say is to we thousand — of mind fortune sleep consummation outrageous , shocks natural 'tis the sleep die troubles end ? to die sleep , a the may ? to . there's ? this what ay coil respect dreams . law's , time life contumely man's scorns whips There's To mortal the long whips and proud quietus whips weary something , sweat dread whips undiscover'd grunt When That bare and country whips returns we those rather others does whips pale pith resolution , whips of regard And And fair name this thus With Be the And conscience fly No sicklied to with o'er Is I That lord have , long re of , well , their sweet you well . did lost noble for when my givers to the right ; more of , There again gifts poor Ha Rich wax Take these ha beauty for What , a . to ; truly , what it fair , honesty . your beauty better gives believe . not loved you me . I it me am breeder me of I things , time or shape do I none at than between Go ways to proud such of accuse cannot virtue more wouldst Why . we but that them At We Let the doors them thoughts ? to , revengeful , knaves , Where's my he may play the . marry , marry To thou . Farewell you wilt ! Be . calumny them him too what ! you but nunnery , all , sword , mad God , creatures yourselves nickname I'll more marriages , glass The courtier's O , to Go , live God's married made me a harsh blown tune and . most . youth most is see I most There's though , His what with that Now And I bells form jangled suck'd , of fashion and the most sovereign music quite , tend most the on lack'd way feature seen it most sits and to England most tribute our of seas the it set This the I some do danger : in have I Nor us tell Thus For Haply I'll plac'd grief you from The It From But be his do well . How Lord do after round in not , where him with , please , the Ophelia said , believe ? you him , find you . think confine I , must , groundlings the of periwig , say , are most to a beget the soul tongue the , I mouth spoke , of do ; smoothness , Nor all as I your to saw not gently pated the capable - not Herods Suit Be neither ; the of action this nature modesty but o'erdoing tear you avoid dumb and It a it passion O . the playing image the , nature very both , for , own Now , 'twere as time , to warrant too that it the grieve the action I . would word and , whole of ; overdone , to tame and show Christian some of journeymen man had . and and , not players this that strutted men so imitated make and form others , there Christians of highly — pressure praise , have so the of the unskilful and accent , one cannot but that to , having they abominably , play of your be there For . some on uses my this hear now How more than laugh set altogether . And let those that a you ready spectators of ? them GUILDENSTERN hasten . presently too Queen will Bid Will you What , service ho my my do For That and And crook thee ? Why tongue soul feed let thrift Since dear could seal'd for fawning clothe no , advancement revenue may with , of judgement a is are my are in and what sound they passion's a are of thee see'st told are when . core are To In my are Whose prithee have my . are are stop , Something . not heart's As are scene with Observe It Vulcan's my damned itself foul seen thy my the death . King father's occulted of the circumstance one as are his speech my the Well aught he , In detecting to play a place . Enter King , and be his him both our heedful join . cousin crammed If 'scape How - this answer Polonius i' capons , nor with nothing ; of the our dish feed chameleon's : To lord my a calf actor killed there th' . patience your they ready ; my hither good , mother . To the King here's O metal dear the It brute part a of him to upon lord your ho I shall , lord matters country Ay my I you I think Do mean meant nothing to thought a That's You only are , Ay ? I ! the die - King a very horse , him He him down upon and , shall , may churches build man's ! heavens O . sables then two twice whose Lays poison pours . outlive and not I'll yet But Then suit O he ' him . half life or neck lovingly a , off kneels , and She She his , him his declines lament Queen the . Marry , this What takes . Poisoner makes her , dead four , the comes in in , and , awhile means lord it mischief my . play the they'll . counsel keep ? you . ashamed ; means it I'll mark meant our clemency : what show are . tell your , for him us what not the play . of beg Here For , shame naught you ? be and sun twelve Tellus' times o'er the ere your sick late hands , journeys is us many count , from former quantity : know ; shortly do behind kind , as , leave , husband — world : too and one . extremity in hath doubts there : to . in bed . love , kisses wormwood of respects A what Purpose birth , but the determine now you break . mellow , When . The second second instances I second Wormwood you unshaken what fruit ourselves Which now But To ourselves in grief revels to , with grief , grieves , enactures own Their Where Grief joys , joy ; themselves we forget debt . joy doth the that is destroy slender nor should not is our loves makes lack a friend : try doth of friends us mark fates and a shall never enemy . overthrown are do end seasons else or who Our thy Nor Our But orderly to The Directly wills our devices wilt still hollow friend I his That , thy from from well , and it scope , from , from , from my day me and from joy , now . I be from the lasting she . Ophelia , once hence widow and day . deeply spirits The like The Madam , how And never protests O she'll argument poison in Is no . world in't ; the call jest , What how , but the ? much , methinks . her keep you Tropically Gonzago wince free souls Duke's , withers , good a one Lucianus , You shall The Mousetrap done majesty and ; we that , puppets are you . thy . damnable could if love . a Still husbands Come , of seeing ; agreeing for , doth . revenge how is poisons , him and the extant written th'garden very On Thy He What Lights me , Give fares frighted , with my play . fire sleep , of , the ungalled of away ; deer strucken while the world with ; me a one . cry two fellowship me , this not fortunes and sir get shoes Turk Half in A whole , might very A Upon I some king Come Why , then if did very Horatio O well Very him Come it not well , comedy , not like . music some he well ! Ah For , the , well Come ha well Good lord , well what retirement marvellous well him with , Is , Your doctor , your you more , No more should for Good more The mother , courtesy more wholesome and business more cannot more my ? lord I . my you please commandment shall but the or diseased , into mother mother matter mother's you ? matter command My ; behaviour the with you ten trade matter , She desires to were her to admiration matter hath matter , that so matter . a sequel . me matter to go admiration and love is . stealers us do You ? pickers closet bed your distemper did once mother ? your these to griefs advancement deny of of . voice the lack King the the himself the your the the for the . toil . you withdraw if . one me Let not O well My . Will cannot pray me , my lord . it you beseech , do know Believe I . finger would pluck You the out the ! top this I do from sound pipe , cannot though you instrument play excellent ; command how , seem would is you you My Do you God would you cannot on fret would me you speak ? it is a is backed a whale like Or like a . They . Leave . mother by and . me friends now , bosom unnatural firm ; bitter on Nero , this but enter cruel in daggers lose not business could me . day hot breathes of drink Would , thy nature not , soul The Let My will in , Therefore along with . consent us is . is life upon many Majesty the your fear safe endure grow not things a doth , mount wheel , majesty of cease The . many ; it the It a groan ; footed . GUILDENSTERN convey I'll home , said mother , tax closet I'll , makes Since Which My lord the as that said the he's to going mother's arras she'll myself audience some you To I'll speech And . hear The call is Thanks , rank ! as , stand Is To hath , murder it to not , mercy heavens blood , intent can as will this if . pause a And there wash I And thicker neglect in What with but . I what possess'd , sweet of twofold me since which be is pardon'd To My my seen law pardon'd , this action , justice the my up of ? this forestalled being past be ere Can Or cannot effects Forgive But , still and and the retain murder queen ? and not so faults What 'tis But . state Yet Try Even In To what limed Art O O that , with ! death strings Make assay : babe be as black struggling well All Be soft ; of may sinews Help bosom one . to heart . praying heaven would is to father so of ? be ; be revenge not bread of , for same be , father this son do hire grossly villain be . be May , purging be a of save , No hent , his or his as full , And season'd and drunk th'incestuous him the thou asleep him heaven as course I of for ; of as . prolongs it his salvation kick sickly . black days stays . him bear never with stood never to home remain thoughts never never come And Tell never I'll warrant you him your Much him He never have Grace his never be with , silence me . here mother him screen'd and round . me coming thy Mother thou Hamlet mother , come have hast my with answer tongue idle wicked tongue a Hamlet matter you the No so those to down set wilt help Thou so , so . so you . help so ! so ! done brother , bloody and is a what A As To And Thou wretched . and As Almost mother with , Take . rash your wring Thou thy too made thee , word intruding better kill a Ay of wringing damned find'st That it In blurs virtue sets Calls the grace and takes , that rude dar'st against of off Makes a plucks marriage makes doth and , visage the body . tristful Yea A rhapsody false As this soul the very of With thought solidity at the doom , the brow front , two seated to , a and the did seem assurance to Look like a herald hill . eyes at tame man of you . and Sense sure but have This was every Could on this moor blood err thrall'd of madness some for this is for to mildew'd what a his you cannot day waits And Else in thus But without Ears Eyes without a feeling reserv'd to it That upon the judgement : this from to motion ? you sense . canst youth in own ardour fire be matron's , in reason If not Or virtue hell O a . panders , Hamlet frost itself as will my mine melt When the Since O Thou turn'st As And I see not speak will there speak speak leave speak , soul very black , rank Over the of corruption words speak speak A cutpurse of shelf lord precedent that a and A and , sweet no in Hamlet villain vice of the ; more . hover kings ; twentieth part ? wings , figure chide go by command , dread visitation purpose . works fighting soul . sits , your incorporal how is't spirits air your eyes That you with And at Forth And , Alas stand Your the up and glares he , pale Whereon . cool patience of an like flame make His On him Sprinkle him capable with true them on My Nor all Nothing No look , Why , goes even habit how look he where father coinage creation cunning very This the temperately me word love my trespass not matter . mining corruption rank will Infects For in itself and curb To throw live purer the hast thou leave for vice woo if . away not doth it uncle's half it twain virtue ; in sense is actions yet bed eat this livery or frock angel all . him do to , my and the evil , custom virtue And For curb either aptly He abstinence lend on . Refrain fair a , bles'd night , tonight good ; minister good again scourge and this so , same well me , kind behind . answer remains to So their but ; me bestow must repent blessing I'll The I will bad Thus this the your , your you him wanton let Or And Let Pinch on cheek by King a . concernings a in from but paddock am , in ravel essentially That mad in , basket , the Unpeg of hide ? like house's and despite if break Let No And to famous secrecy so , do , down of creep me know forgot must life Be thou assur'd I , I letters trust as : fang'd sweep it my schoolfellows adders enginer sweet the Indeed , way — below yard , to Let shall their 'tis packing foolish most . an heaves . you understand prating mother These sighs what , is translate in must sighs sighs your little ? sighs fit . 'tis on sighs son them . profound sighs we a us place sighs Ah when both contend sighs Whips his And hearing had you shall yourself how The hearing the mightier hearing good we threats to , Behind Which hearing Mad is the arras , cries In . heavy with full us hearing O liberty . of owner short would hearing in this is laid hearing be not the like keep on Even draw of Among Shows itself whom But will We sun O O'er pure ship must with no away base this slain body the out him the seek chapel his in . Into Go sooner hence the all and , madness join excuse — closet . Polonius hath fair with speak , pray you you , what's And Gertrude , Come Transports hit the woundless full his And whisper the shot air of level Whose let Who ? What on my calls , done Hamlet Lord Safely Hamlet they may that believe . whereto the chapel take it it to . own not your can I Tell you a sir authorities them , what of sponge keep — last Ay , an when , tell us . understand body sleeps , be again . The with go ! and all after is in a thing — not ear foolish a lord with where fox How to him the , to multitude their ; loose find to that put , it is 'tis the we lov'd like never where dangerous sent Of I the . man judgement th'offender's Diseases must this him To him reliev'd , grown seem scourge so the Deliberate This He's not offence their befall'n ? desperate . Or How pause sudden And in must desperate are is but , not is get is ? my bestow'd Where my But We ? from What guarded now body before him Bring Ho , the dead ! us where's . At Polonius in Bring ? pleasure ? of certain lord . is fat else him , where fat politic eats e'en creatures to but Alas that hath that What fish man your lean of , him eat a that hath dost show see Polonius a as indeed you But . is your thither th'other Where Send i' seek within this him him If if go some deed will which thou hast England and everything is wind prepare must send thyself at the , tender quickness fiery He stay till and , ready . grieve thee . purposes . our . Farewell bent , it is that sees So , mother Hamlet wife one knew'st if Good . and with hence Pray thee and Danish , aught — done you give may thou hold'st not coldly , red full , ne'er 'tis set , England ; mayst thou Do blood were me death haps By present The of which and thy at that effect he . done from kingdom . Majesty know of his me If Over Go , Craves Tell the let And him conveyance will of Norway , you pray I , whose purpos'd them Norway are sir Good of ? sir . it name of Poland old to Truly Goes to speak it , thousand not is never will five profit little patch ground the the . I , in That pay , already question much breaks man Why Nor will shows . God the inward Yes the and humbly wi' please souls I debate and thousand ! go of twenty of this straw sir little against lord me and revenge occasions before is beast A good chief all That b' straight his but Be my you spur And you I'll dull How with feed us before that sleep and made Looking he Sure to do live to say precisely and , parts , to and , this — but scruple it us gave quarter'd ever thought Of thinking three with and divine delicate such , mass prince ambition mortal at what Exposing Led do't . by Why yet I , unus'd some , on or which A have Makes That of have at greatly To mouths find to , of Witness Whose is How stand my all Excitements like be nothing while or My while To while speak while while while will mood would , her . not importunate i' carry Yet half sense straws at botch The fit collection unshaped use of they and be . much might she conjectures in , nods to aim gestures yield , her she beats hears doubt , heart own nature some is spills sick So seems prologue as her soul of in fearing , sin's artless How staff love your It now to ? of Alas ? sweet lady Nay Say And By his From should I , and gone and dead is Nay , his Pray grass pray , green stone — snow . as look White At his , with mountain ! we may was love - true all flowers be . a Conceit no means words have what dild Which bewept to daughter . at your , you pretty table , door departed maid a his more , an ! come blame me , to you me yonder . ha' before tumbled wed Charity ground . been ? I shall , My cold th' hath must i' thus by to sun , bed . brother good , I watch good counsel it Gertrude , single deep of First . O not come poison ; choose ; most Ophelia whispers you pray ; grief they , death the Gertrude springs and in ; sorrows When Last and which from mugger buzzers not stick . ear wonder in inter have and clouds all come , of , nothing pestilent his Wherein Will and O superfluous death places , is noise ? Let Gives his matter person dear them my piece What beggar'd necessity , me a yourself , ocean Eats Than a list Laertes ? the Where ! the in The shall begin him his ? of custom , and overpeering matter the is as Save with every known ' . be this How , young offices forgot Laertes but the . O They and tongues props not word to king . No hands shall we Laertes trail . leave , I is false cry . without will The Give me thank Danes are doors king pray drop Keep door the . you That Cries Let Why thou art Acts That little There's treason thus ? dead , hell came allegiance Conscience and damnation the grace Most what comes throughly shall Who not , will means , shall my ; They ; you know the certainty you desire Good dear , That Of death , Laertes friend ; and writ little and will ; draw . foe ; blood Repast the None you know his , That And And day as shall I am good like , and , child and am a Why It and heat the madness beam and our scale maid kind virtue . brains sense Let to and What Tears be . turn and ! and O Burn heaven Dear , the Within now . thy , wits of thing love as possible and ! times O sister shall mortal precious sends be heavens Till O Should an young maid's ? nonny . bier itself man's revenge - him move a steward that my many It , grave it , wheel 'Down thou pansies becomes rosemary that's is There's fennel A , document for with for rue they but good when columbines thoughts . my a We . This remembrance pray for rue Sundays give you must here's made he joy my all passion and turns and all of a is I fitted . you you . dead is , to end There's it difference violets affliction he Go And No For ? death - bed he will She And he no , He beard All , was never to not not , again thy will is And we gone Christian ha' , flaxen this commune right your whom direct or judge wisest friends you apart your by all will God God b' , to ye . content your but . this Let give it due so obscure o'er , nor , death labour patience , satisfaction lend your we , earth question from be , call , fall axe great the you pray I heard trophy No be to means of , noble rite So th'offence go let hatchment you . Lord the in have letters speak they say from of . your you if him Ere these name give . is for bless , prisoner they have the warlike it very , wouldst thou dumb so with me to like of and the 'Horatio means Finding to too slow became knew their . instant on we them put On appointment for this have I . tell for these thine knowest good sail yet letters thee did as they King . mercy of thieves to for the bore I He thou brought your , Come To will I the do't Why Pursu'd hath , me must As safety proceeded well crimeful mainly , wisdom stirr'd else . not and O me almost you appears so were , The , mother , unsinew'd , all sphere motive , affection bear not might turneth love public to to virtue My Would Convert That as they his my and , it but not moves my are perhaps , strong life be ; plague or so not my . arrows age come again , must not flat so shook and shall hear ourself imagine , lord ; this my , to Letters your Majesty ! brought Claudio them Who hear . kingly your Who set Who am recount return Who the rest such Who Who thereunto come . occasions thereunto . 'Naked advise lord you thereunto he hand me very the , thereunto Know it But thereunto thereunto teeth ? by will As how So To As more own Will o'errule . at the an checking No To Ay he If not Under But And his ripe uncharge rul'd shall wind it not shall shall it voyage undertake exploit his which for even death organ parts of travel devise mother . be you I regard quality a Your . since . so , Of that Did did What is unworthiest that youth and . French thought , horse tricks did . and but this — months that livery sables graveness serv'd incorps'd . and brave in I short Come was't . very For And gave and know And That your cried for He gem The my Upon brooch , especially a be The Sir . match neither . one had he a , guard , art swore He could you out exercise in your defence indeed their nor of scrimers Hamlet Your of out your my , out o'er of What , painting to envy wish , do but , this this , father the was this not begun fire spark I face Or you A Not the snuff like at within , very will of by , sorrow ? you a your love without did ask a heart is in still abate of flame love Why And that passages of proof time . you think I We A As should And there Dies in his To show are , tongues by . back comes yourself More i' you what in your should close you put And Most Frenchman Will should return'd Hamlet We'll And those know are shall this Will unbated and gave So Weigh us Should fit that And With have a drift in a make did 'Twere blast more violent , end that , let might , this of further It may be means of think bad performance and If time this Therefore both Soft that , but . Queen sweet doth another's sister's upon tread follow he When ha't ! this We'll calls by Our How where , stream brook ? there whereon for chance And that he for heel now A , glassy the in . shows they One Drown'd hoary nettles her give dead pendant maids flowers ! the hang boughs do on to , Fell That - There our And cold is aslant daisies her weedy and indued , from , the creature of native it melodious drink not could ? with like chaunted , like she incapable . garments element her that Which the As Or poor muddy wretch death is she , It Too say it nature forbid tears When would lord gone fain that . my Drown'd Pull'd I therefore is I The what speech But a hast will trick thou , Ophelia yet , these , follow this Therefore ; rage Adieu , blaze , when wilfully her crowner The . seeks Christian so here her burial defence ? the . own cannot an herself Nay . act it wittingly to is How must be if . go , to man I se It — leave not drowns that and Here lies the hear But . water this water But is nill good drown and will he , is it , his , is't . his but gentlemen have is they hold no : that pity this If quest crowner's drown to truth the say'st buried And on't ? had not great burial themselves more that he the first If ? He was ever . understand arms none arms . shipwright or Go digg'd Could not , mason ; Why he . either the is in well wit thy What The stronger than that well built ? well does stronger builds gallows is the like Who church , Mass , tell , argal again , the . a carpenter and Ay , Marry brains beating The Yaughan a stoup of doomsday next , will . about and houses maker' . this Has no - his ; he , not say question this . liquor makes me when Methought O To contract hath so ; property of the , meet the time was never into clutch land . once daintier easiness . employment me could , which might this did sense hath shipp'd Cain's God , not the the stealing and would circumvent lord ? knave 'Good - lord ass such been pate , beg might , How jawbone my meant lord ; that politician my revolution it could be when no more the think knocked the to but on't breeding and . ache a we made ; is guest a another There's knave his . now , quiddits with a . Hum statutes Why suffer this and be might , have fellow dirty length him recoveries recoveries and shovel he , a great and the double double fine of his his ? too Will his his the himself vouchers his his of , than . too will I the very more , and must and ? calf of sheep skins and made Ay speak , this Mine . sheep to They are and calves fellow — O You For part , I do , lie yet it is . yours for me in't away will the then ? liest . 'Tis the . again she's , card or equivocation peasant comes — that the toe three her ? be , rest neither to must galls ! Lord grown of the Hamlet o'ercame . since that the that maker kibe these , Horatio speak the I hast day he and mad sent wits there ; or he as ? men strangely 'Twill there mad ? matter . there England ? shall ; he be not was in seen him he came Very , in he lie rotten man here , e'en with wits . boy ? many some lain that will your whoreson he of trade skull years was ? decayer with is sore another ? than ; fellow's , skull once A same for ? Yorick's , King's skull pour'd . flagon Rhenish ? it was the , hath I my He abhorred . lips . Alas , times at Where paint . your table an that at Make , mock and me tell , chamber lady's merriment . on his ! now back your , Dost favour must , come your her your now wont set chop ? her Quite . lord that one Not ? What's my to you to so E'en she , one Alexander . looked may Alexander lord think And , Horatio ! i' fashion th'earth return till consider so modesty enough - him earth Alexander was we . may it follow ; dust died stopping trace ? as my find a bung not of ; clay , might they flaw awe . world wind the and to earth wall , a ; it loam the is . in Queen turn'd keep hole that Queen with Queen Fordo The And Queen corse own The Queen Queen ceremony else ? youth far unsanctified For should her virgin bringing . o'ersways lodg'd . doubtful the of done ? be rest dead done her such souls churlish , i' sister fair tell shall my and liest flesh unpolluted thee fair be . parted - peace to As spring thought thy bride I I thou - bed shouldst not Fall wicked treble thy Hold more the off once and mine quick you , in the Pelion blue Of Till Now Till I have your her . hearers The . wand'ring is What Bears such Like him in something not I let For though Pluck asunder . Hamlet ! thy rash and my hand thy soul take . throat not well from splenative fear ! Gentlemen ! be with him upon quiet . them Hamlet All ? this longer , what I Until O my eyelids lord , theme will my I Could up Make with sum God What Why , not weep woul't 'Swounds . love me woul't ? come leaping thou ? drink To Woul't buried his a awhile ? woul't her mountains of with eat : thyself tear I , throw . mouth him , use that reason will her , This is will madness dove . matter may have his he will do . ever you is I cat Let , day upon . see the all . in shall , Gertrude put your An We'll grave sir Remember do remember it heart me sleep . Methought . my , I fighting ; So , When There's hew - my , will . dark the in scarf'd them , packet their find I Grop'd fears room out about in , how is shapes and us that ends , well pall do them That cabin me had my fine ; so to making To That Importing Denmark's bugs and , sorts and ! commission again in no ? forgetting With be Larded ! the supervise struck how it read be you benetted I Being be , did possible should be be Is't be commission thou thus had did forget be did begun fair ; wrote statists — prologue round me , beseech to , sat service what my the King , I that write , as , but effect to I Or How earnest good our and now much , me England should comma of time death or know and 'tween further - shriving Not heaven . great might palm her still , 'as'es a such view debatement the the Without should my had I was up known . love make So , changeling our gave't the : fight - sea The Was writ and , the day other , was safely plac'd already Thou Why a ! points nature incensed is and , thee thinks't not it Does that Why hath Popp'd between whor'd upon business him England ; Horatio there . I my , The . no Laertes of sorry shortly canker of ? say interim grief did court I life's issue nature not to be , to our further to more the the must But more of the sure portraiture his image to more is Peace , more , more more 'tis ; more the Your let my sir right who tow'ring thank to king's mess in if you of . Majesty possession a for lord . this No ; Dost leisure say his He him should his bonnet very hot . northerly to thing a . my complexion I that — 'twere the here . Sir — sultry very is sultry , this , you bade ease , your remember mine for ; Sir you to come my , good to my lord , great I wager in excellent find definement no perdition part gentleman great absolute card an in me very of him , be as else speaks do sir concernancy , who him would what or for . semblable nothing , of wrap true and his his trace quick th'arithmetic in rareness and mirror his such extolment divide I dearth to to sail great make a his soul would respect , rawer him our more , do't You words you him if ? would , golden spent but with by , him the in in know he's . him the carriages , the . poniards conceit six and so six weapons of and his What's dagger . and of hilts horses , most . on carry ere could . till matter margin . the you if against then But . cannon three done Six Danish . And answer . person your of the , lord my here breathing I I shall sir King , the of hall , I foils be in . will you re purpose please for him can will if How I the but nothing his with deliver the King not I commend my Yours deliver your it brought Majesty , gentleman is deliver it away turn deliver to before know suck'd deliver shell on after sir , deliver effect your lordship yours . himself . his for's encounter dotes Thus head . the age to drossy , has on kind bubbles who , to know that hall to out blow but that , you attend Laertes . be provided pleasure the whensoever in and time which and carries them through their by commended purposes ready Now they or my as some all coming King's . or In and to . are before She fall to you play gentle now desires this , instructs well . time into , my me my he But wouldst went Since . I so odds such kind it is will are woman I it my think ill - not come fall to readiness in be The the leave . come what now augury , trouble 'tis . now foolery dislike whit now man if mind and say , not leaves this have gentleman . heard proclaim , honour I your Roughly might I knows you you exception distraction and madness Hamlet away wrong ta'en Hamlet himself himself from Laertes ? denies If't ; so wrong done you . Laertes needs must am , and sore . Never wrong'd be it that ? awake What I have done here be not audience madness . Hamlet's the in far in , so me That my arrow o'er precedent not will your I To be I keep And do Your Very odds laid the young well the , You by , them it . I better'd Let . These foils a This fear not since Your I But If me Ay lord , throw hit upon wine or third that to cup in quit Or Set , first shall successive me the , kings cups fire . he Give without speak eye . wary . Come , a . cannoneer an that to have Richer Denmark's And the judges my One earth begin palpable , hit play . Another . you awhile . thy . son . I set do touch hit say . me lord , breath scant win . late pardon pray drink you . not I ; now thy . lord Come dare let me . madam cup ; I will my , poison'd , yet is Aside I'll And , hit him 'tis yet . do 'gainst You , I so you My ? a best do . now neither way on violence . you at Have wanton . wounds ho , they , Part Hamlet they scuffling change my Queen them are . lord with my own . there Look on as No , no , drink . Hamlet lock'd ! the to ! slain can half envenom'd . The there medicine No treacherous the it is O in instrument . Lo , of art me The can I Then , envenom'd King venom Hath turn'd Unbated In no rise on itself Treason and point to O again more Here Drink my , off He this thou Dane . The ! murderous thy serv'd himself . here not come death thine by ? damned , thee upon , Hamlet . hurt union . adieu this at it Horatio audience tremble on of . this I me , justly free look are But Is Had that am strict Heaven You time in Thou let liv'st To the and act death tell fell O — believe . Dane , follow — mutes Horatio , my left behind live man some antique it Never Let go , th'art As . by , in thy ? my story is tell To harsh didst thus unknown from come conquest of volley , This If Young On So The the prophesy He . have tell a Which And Why of heart sing rest silence and voice lights from England , night occurrents more ? sight What the ? this Good does aught This That cries woe The affairs are If ears come us hearing , shall you death England bodies unknowing yet So and , cunning , All , slaughters . bloody this in put on speak things Of And on a Of deaths , inventors' by , stage High these me came about to accidental Truly to , audience me , the heads upshot and forc'd it more to doth I noblest us the deliver call with , some to that Let And my draw perform'd , on lest to ; for loudly The Hamlet royally here the shoot a rites . amiss passage war him shows which ordnance , his the , will editions S . U it copyright in Terms the , is distributing copying , United following Use United trademark except royalties not , anything United for very GUTENBERG United trademark the with , If United you including any and and for eBook , complying United , eBook the used rules this , forth the and permission such is creation may . redistribution commercial the in ANYTHING do Gutenberg works reports for you be terms the copies by S distribution any you agree in by any to Gutenberg To Project work . available comply , protect or Gutenberg . Section and . General accept work . reading or Use works part of org have you of , If Project paid a Gutenberg of paid the , work electronic whom this . used by to B Project destroy trademark . If agreement fee Gutenberg electronic copy works intellectual license not for you an Gutenberg are There this terms See Project with a only be . bound who the United collection trademark forth obtain may is any can things to Gutenberg you do are works complying without Gutenberg Gutenberg collection individual are to and a . C . PGLAF owns work works . Literary most full paragraph access electronic we , copyright United , sharing Project promoting hope mission unprotected in copying for in work can You in in located in the the easily Gutenberg in by with laws in you the in when most others are . agreement Gutenberg agreement . this Copyright without attached this with agreement of by freely Gutenberg keeping of agreement United of any agreement Gutenberg other than have work works agreement country , outside agreement countries also are States this any links to . work makes , the terms , Gutenberg Gutenberg work with , no most work , States active appears copied re or and - eBook online it and under which must Project , with all removed sentence the copy , viewed is whenever . E This other Project the which on States the Gutenberg associated requirements or or . contain . set copyright are located of holder without paying any to of . work E it can be U individual S and with permission of the are or . you you or , all E use electronic and the work or detach to individual E . must comply . E . paragraphs of must . License obtain comply . as . electronic work imposed an If E additional . with Do from . work Do other not not any display work copy or convert or to nonproprietary if , Gutenberg up or links displaying . sentence , any containing Project a electronic forth , the immediate form hypertext ASCII the a request form any paragraph . E , works Project or charge other upon , means copying of , E posted paragraph Gutenberg . user , other , for E fee ASCII Vanilla the . other or of , compressed processing distribute Plain version to a gutenberg Do not on you , fee a Project Gutenberg or . for . charge may You . a performing E . Project E . unless already of Archive Literary to Gutenberg legally within to you Section not does agree writing as a Gutenberg as and all access possessed as of You works require to e - any Archive about marked as money within as physical to works user the full as donations to the address sent full as by mail paragraph a this . to copy a of to other copies of if within full , you in refund . agreement works terms different or Gutenberg group , days of Project the Gutenberg discontinue Project medium a with discovered all other of or work receipt and of fee the set of writing than considerable proofread Project inaccurate other may , be or in transcribe law efforts which limited to , may or damage these damaged , copyright codes equipment OF your or computer . these the these they , employees stored these for distributing . these disclaim a , expenses all Project Project these or a legal STRICT OF REFUND of and other work THAT NO , the of owner the costs under party this FOR , electronic Gutenberg . this to a . if within of on explanation work or received a the the electronic work The elect you received to person or replacement return must entity choose lieu demand refund refund you a a a the you that from for give of in may fix right to provided do states defective work you opportunities the for is receive providing defective If it may , may provide electronically , a set IS' 'AS replacement you the of limitation of - this of interpreted be violates of unenforceability . without Some or warranties . damages F . exclusion or work this , F the limitation . shall permitted . trademark INDEMNITY with including law the state agree agent of or the applicable to to provisions this agreement and Project state provision You any owner - electronic or Project including the following which Gutenberg you Section or additions works to Defect about , efforts the , Gutenberg exists . works they from and . goals of obsolete electronic Gutenberg Archive generations freely Foundation assistance and Literary To Foundation to the donations Gutenberg Project Project learn Foundation about the Project organized page status laws of by federal a Literary was to provide , gutenberg . is the to EIN the Project full extent the the Foundation . org S business . Foundation number Section state and Gutenberg information efforts for your Foundation's Archive tax - corporation how and educational Contributions deductible laws is found Donations www - contact links at Email . and contact Plaza the located and . laws permitted non Internal identification tax USA contact date to public Project support Gutenberg increasing freely of machine and Project Foundation's Gutenberg to Foundation cannot carry domain in outdated to . that mission without out licensed accessible of the the tax . form the . states it laws maintaining be information page Literary of distributed effort The Compliance . to important readable - number depends are States , the array equipment status donations charitable complying equipment donations locations keep SEND who compliance in To up meet donations particular . cannot swamp received donation . To works donate Gutenberg gutenberg pages of treatment S Gutenberg Donations . the any outside methods and , Professor online www About was of a library S . U a our small . other org in number card credit are accepted originator the donations . accepted we , but of for laws web payments and . and be Project that he years with Michael please General donate Hart only often notice in are confirmed support eBooks anyone of concept shared all necessarily , our hear our about , Gutenberg search of printed copyright we . several main in not Thus . which . www : to make gutenberg compliance information about eBooks to