there . unfold yourself ! the live King ? Stand hour your upon Stand . He Stand 'Tis Francisco , bitter Stand Stand . Stand , sick had to bed heart am . thee thanks . at haste Who is who , night reliev'd ? Horatio . this 'tis but says let dreaded Therefore will , What Touching And to if may entreated , belief have him of along this . and not 'twill Sit tush seen . the of Marcellus t'illume course burns bell thee off , figure ; same a art scholar the ? speak that's myself part again and . to with Mark to me spoke it Question It with fair this would be Horatio of thee warlike and ! heaven of It By ! speak , You more think What ! something ! you and will pale ! look ! not and eyes King the ? like mine . to armour in on . by strange Polacks when and , the gross some particular martial jump at our of scope to and strange , the why mart foreign Does Why not such such strict toils be toward the Who is't now Why And impress me the from Sunday , the might that night That - can whisper can but goes even image , the to Dar'd For Thereto know by on as slay Well , he gaged Hath His Had hath doth and us of to , mettle a a And his Is by That As terms to stomach list , here , sir Norway lawless young , lands I foresaid hand enterprise , head chief it take , land : the dead , of mind's state and the Roman the trouble to and fell streets blood , illusion Stay of . voice done be , earth to . or to Speak thee earth any sound thing to , earth me avoid fate earth earth . grace ! earth the in uphoarded speak womb . say treasure spirits of , death in walk ! partisan stand ! 'Tis being ! of our is it it as gone , wrong malicious , mockery majestical the then Upon The Awake , Whether , confine And , and the , erring of ever birth , that the comes . cock of singeth is 'gainst season all dare night , hill clad tonight believe it . advice life to , speak fitting and him find shall pray , most I our , us ; impart young , Unto us dumb to Hamlet This Do do't The To contracted be Yet memory of and Attendant , this Lords and it brother's dear , brow of woe , eye joy , state dropping queen kingdom ; whole death frame , made , suppress , that all are we - nephew's this dilated your and In Farewell Of and let CORNELIUS of bearers of lists The further And You told now us , your You lose cannot voice shall The That head is What Your Than my offer to , France to came ? to I gracious ? father's wishes to though and Dread duty bend again says leave What my pardon toward leave , them I must willingly coronation done and and , wrung petition laboursome your bow And now confess , my thoughts hath Upon fair thy But Aside And my it is A my lord much colour off i' on friend nighted thy cast , Good And let thine like , like so Not Hamlet like eye not like a with through thy noble father like like ever all like nature it , like , mother know ? not eye grief visage of the in good thee seems . father , suits might of your mourning , know lost , the your duties his sorrow . most vulgar Fie , a 'tis , our in most must a to , opposition fault to common that think of to our the you We , for unprevailing ; ' till , corse . most first father woe so a You As are of must From This you father bears your intent eye our to to most going I Than is that back toward dearest which impart to remain . son , of comfort cousin her not in jocund Sits to this His Be as , Why No This to health cannon rouse too Denmark in drinks . heaven the the earthly - Re that , Or self stale slaughter flat , the uses of unweeded and gross in much my this not ! of and is , him ! she reason uncle , father . month to , you . cannot incestuous galled eyes , good . hold to . I Horatio , Hail your And And what A I My it to was do prithee my the The . depart funeral . meats . drink to you lord not see it lord thrift , furnish , dearest that Would I ever father , Where my mind's Horatio goodly for his all a like him saw think upon yesternight was eye take Who I not man once a saw I I was , I your Saw ? King , lord the admiration for my you hear . gentlemen these with solemn he eyes distill'd they act impart to him - cap and - father march the their night , This , in true . and both night each . I word comes hands where thing this knew your the good ; we it watch ? once methought . to , not did ; I did as head in it true , our . lord my , Indeed Hold Both From , beaver ? face . his in red . there it ? longer BARNARDO . While one His , A was It Perchance in in bid speak to my hold have hitherto in but , your spirit in sit all then Though I in My in doubt father's loves as , duty Till some still the foul For in the fashion the doubt hear , the , as let is Hamlet , Do and and and sweet in toy youth trifling a of of a ; favour his nature ; not more Think crescent ; service no of virtue wide Grows Perhaps of but you his fear , waxes besmirch must you temple he cautel is the does as and inward soil is , will The he himself , for may not and health must the the he As Than the is or lose with Then or or or Fear And The or to or , Be I to then best Contagious or As Do steep and as primrose some heart But good this . of my watchman Show And O Whilst A blessing Occasion upon a second of , for stay'd Laertes sits here , aboard shoulder And character are , wind The thou you any Nor them Grapple do - that Of Bear't Costly But Take Are And borrowing of apparel fancy as the the both itself dulls a loan all my blessing this false be then , not humbly do take ; the Most time invites Farewell What you 'Tis in my memory keep lock'd ? you of . you , you you the up honour clearly tell you girl , such you behoves it What you you speak He is speak speak Marry lord speak may speak fashion me speak go . of vows know I speech his the to . to , heaven holy call fashion hath With Ay Giving in You may And so a Set your scanter of it a From For he parley larger you dye vows which sanctified . any the with , from for bawds ; they in much with be given ; a . him ; Breathing better ; your talk obey ; shall I ; It The air is No , it lacks is it held the it spirit mean my , tonight wassail doth wake draughts swaggering of takes upspring thus trumpet and Rhenish reels , rouse ; out here a west is the and other than am ? pledge custom a Ay in the born my mind to honour'd heavy - us , of , nature Oft breaking down though by plausive though the their Since By some though though Nature's Being The form Or though His Shall though else I , infinite the that in all Doth That King father I will speak me , royal tell answer but death Hamlet thee , me , jaws steel nature do ? of our should What ? it with ? alone to you To what it removed . means will the . I ; that , fear pin's ? it cliff the it a itself . lord my follow I'll . of the to beneath still , I'll my . hands lord . your your your body not your your gentlemen your lets , lion's nerve . thee me him of fit to this Denmark . thus obey the direct come will issue in rotten is . will lead Mark me is sulph'rous render poor and come , myself hearing thy I . serious . hear when but what I To unfold hear bound to , spirit shalt nature forbid spheres I fires , end to to stars thy . done foul the tell and I harrow Make To ears most this that , foul foul his , know't most to Murder But or sweep Wouldst 'Tis serpent serpent The Is Rankly , witchcraft seduce of me it To those I That Though lust , though a a air morning ; afternoon orchard . link'd my within in my hour of , pour effect of through ; stole vial blood it courses man , body doth it vigour blood tetter bark'd did of ears with and wholesome like , And The natural swift a sudden like Most , Thus , Of , was life , No off even the disappointed , in made , O nature the for mind , royal couch Against Taint not thy howsoever And To - And 'gins to and to prick glow Adieu worm , uneffectual Remember me ; seat , a , pressures , brain my Yes smiling damned and set so in be villain ! it Now to my . lord . me . lord Within . I HORATIO 'Adieu Within Illo ho , be What I my you'll reveal , my you How say Ay HORATIO ne'er There's no ghost To ; hold , And as but are I'm they by much an . too offence know wild you , lord my me us , there , let but is between , poor , Indeed , upon under Nor In Upon the sword indeed Swear . lord cellarage there truepenny . have you sword . ground we'll , hither again have . this but is you soe'er never give heaven things of , as , are before are therefore more perchance put To you As , at I an odd in as in your , philosophy and a such encumber'd Here How dreamt strange or shall antic hereafter , this me doubtful could and this most is , together in go O lips . to joint of I out fingers come let's him I , will wisely , Of do marvellous you this money Give You shall good my , My they you Take As in thus Ay you will knowledge mark , him very ' be , I he And 'And , lord no , must he You or As , may but scandal open is . fencing that you another on ; faults incontinency the to not seem taints liberty mind that my here's would of my i' on fetch . this sullies Mark converse seen the prenominate him you of in in guilty you ; with soil'd little , breathe you or phrase the and my he this to about something 'gentleman . say ' I leave ? Where . you sale' now — rouse as , perchance truth ; bias out . of . See or house forth directions lecture have well . lord his music ? what's , so the been of , ankle his gyved , his head knees piteous in purport each stockings so look loosed comes other foul'd to knocking , thy fear thy thy hard arm ; thy brow his my of stay'd of thy length to his head a — thy other hand the What he took goes And He with He As At last thrice he And his it As being to with seem'd o' the to out And Come As leads And does Whose with you did repel His his given lord our good ; access I That him . that hath sorry wreck quoted And hasty Hamlet's I you have inward man be , put both up youth and our in humour him , with gather glean and by your so rest your to you to . occasion you , occasion you , will please good us with occasion remembrance . of such occasion our gentry adheres more he Good occasion occasion king's To king's For to As king's by dread Than up our To king's Rosencrantz king's to , you king's visit of Rosencrantz some king's our to him and . and . and amen and and , my and joyfully return'd father the Norway Are from hast still I , Thou my to Both I And As speak tells , me Thyself The His doubt source to the great ; hath found . son's your queen , he desires ? Norway brother what , sent to the to out him Welcome , Say His Upon Most fair ; age he in thousand , arms his and in with annual the further against employ in shown , give to herein pass safety are of dominions set and . allowance enterprise to before , commission his And levied entreaty an please you might it Through On Answer we , rest Meantime your to Go Why I call I have Who Hath That a daughter find , 'tis and duty . gather idol Hamlet but , phrase phrase To Good Doubt But these to the Doubt stay , dear Ophelia , that evermore , most in As they fell But hath she I would I Or As When I daughter a this No thus , then prince herself lock . receive his a into tale of short , sadness thence he , so , ' that fain will otherwise find were hid . centre try it . loose together loose loose loose thereon , loose loose . loose away reading ? mercy , both give me , leave picked man be is ? goes true in carrion daughter dead . Conception . Friend is a gone he , is a for love a do extremity . He daughter . to't a blessing but a , not a far my a words you that their here that old purging powerfully , wit and grey amber thick of men a set crab wrinkled you wrinkled wrinkled his wrinkled . Aside wrinkled . wrinkled on , my leave . of life . willingly . part you my more will except . he is . both Guildenstern Ah ? middle the of button the her a her we ; me at ? and Let deserved , hither to ? wards th' . one it so for a in not were I it ; is too and have very dreams bad myself . of it that quality fay heroes , I ? and we bodies shadows Shall an such in but a shadow's shadow For , by my dreadfully at you not . you . servants for . friendship sort not I matter speak the visit I ? dear friends I that , enough kind of colour to I teach must . But anything you charge you - fellowship ever . Nay , will tell lord My I have , then I late and this exercises of , but goodly your . in firmament appears most a in moving . And yet ; god , seem me fire this promontory my brave , with , me to goes it indeed the canopy frame excellent this thing of other form quintessence of world faculties an , did Why by your there , the plays the the laugh her . for't say make gratis , to take city those shall sigh travel profit ? delight are players such Their players was they players . players you clown those Do players No players , indeed they the players , not are grow Do How tyrannically most children , endeavour eyases , they quills so goose stages clapped — call dare How sing Will — as not do they escoted succession writers ? nation no the a to for sides better ? children quality they , like has argument been about away it carry . lord and possible Is't controversy . There and the poet Ay is fifty make in apiece natural There welcome fashion are Elsinore and to players aunt me hands . I . The you are deceived I . hearer . old You Mark . indeed you actor so was Monday , hither are Upon Monday Buzz buzz . tell I Monday will prophesy Monday Monday have honour my Monday historical either came comical historical too heavy pastoral These pastoral for , what are the only ! for historical , treasure nor and the , my , a thou What i' . Aside , by What my then not , wot know most lot , Why , was . For , since is see to What God ring give , a , at of , voice fly Masters my when young face ? to your . acted a never a I like you anything a taste , not pleased a received the as as speech , a method phrase sallets a much modesty lines , I but , remember the , down of with , no in set , see slaughter Dido fine honest the in than to , tale Priam's let handsome more no matter but one savoury , affectation by loved begin . much very not Pyrrhus his purpose in the did sable night Pyrrhus arms — the whose ominous mothers with Roasted . tyrannous o'ersized a lend vile thus murders impasted grandsire Priam you proceed spoken with , him in Unequal lies , arm at he , with With , lord Striking Pyrrhus reverend , was as , And Of Takes prisoner his to Th'unnerved But Stoops to Pyrrhus' Priam like silence But So painted tyrant his , and matter , orb thunder , eterne sword , Prithee . you All her . away hill her Priam the the and take as nave , spokes synod general all bowl barber's tale come of your beard bawdry , or . the threat'ning is queen' , 'Mobled and . A stood clout upon down rheum and , treason make Pyrrhus with burst things instant The if she Fortune's But Who . will well , you they you , death I report see use them while them the , hear a . your is play play We'll , sixteen or We'll ha't . that lord lord . him not you Elsinore welcome are . to good peasant that in soul so not a force from in With What's and the or him But A Tears That in voice , with appal indeed peak cause a ? for dear my breaks Plucks by Tweaks A Who - and ignorant muddy - a And A can Upon say defeat was made . dreams nothing whose dull me me deep off nose should - take lungs bitter , the lecherous vengeance . fatted all , or Bloody , brave villain villain this this th' face i' lie does it me : region hell most and heart words with , heard cunning the that malefactions . will the play upon't ! Foh , players my these father presently , scene soul to I'll . have proclaim'd though it I'll . he his looks ; blench have power perhaps and , circumstance of puts this he by no all his you so dangerous on drift of sounded aloof some madness to himself distracted ? quiet . keeps . Did bring crafty well any to in him assay his raught Madam Did Niggard We o'er To And hear of as , And - With see And Good gentlemen his hear heart see ; hear , to night This see For see That see drive see we Sweet see We And That your your to so shall , wonted both your his be the I do wish cause . honours may it — Ophelia To . so Read , may please this you book too . Aside How Is I not harlot's The smart a lash that deed more Let's Let's Let's wish'd and end by ache is Let's dream to of Let's have us shuffled pause Let's calamity That The who Must When , merit himself bare When he ? love of oppressor's wrong makes proud love dispriz'd love pangs bear of long life respect , love , love love , bear life make , spurns love his puzzles we know of , have we not us all of hue pale will death whose after the from those , resolution moment of and of thought cast pith their name fair The longed you pray lord , I My I That now not to receive of well . breath right know of ; again Ha , your Are and you my , truly if ; fair than a love you . I did paradox sooner honesty of force cannot inoculate so not you things proud very am of sinners our old loved deceived . of than I to have time shape at be with had imagination more not offences to mother ; wouldst was the honest indifferent better my I none that Farewell he . nowhere . for sweet Or , if thou . too quickly them calumny thou marry God , hath make snow this plague wilt restore enough more marriages , a The , God's make you lisp Go shall have the ; no , live more nickname . a sword , vows quite form ! down , tend , soul on to brood There's it lack'd form the speed neglected our of : down Haply variable shall objects demand For Whereon This brains of his fashion From With Will set You . Let if it not all round , fit mother let . find alone her , How entreat him . the you said Hamlet what please . all she confine . with as be If him grief . queen lord commencement Lord after in play . My , send conference hold . his mouth it pated say may I thus you if crier lines . gently whirlwind , my but smoothness . O tear the but avoid it for whipped of a Herod . nothing the such warrant . to use all are would most , passion to , and It . special the the to both mirror , overdone the very up , be discretion the your the tutor this the or age nature I your but and the for action own to of modesty , the ; nature end , this image Now , must — and , with play be them will speak that to play spectators be ambition barren . those let And for some some That's on that . be themselves reform is though laugh to , hope set villainous , lord piece this too of that make . make help two you We Will Queen King the Will Bid ROSENCRANTZ lord conversation , a . knee pomp , hear election been choice nothing , the absurd thee from thy should but spirits , of mistress . are was distinguish herself all are , thanks men of are for thee , ta'en blood A are one As Hast are with and she stop are , passion's do heart's a play comes If in that unkennel ghost . very thee when , scene There Which I prithee the uncle . Give imaginations will stithy eyes damned heedful foul note ; this a Enter you of faith have nor No I promise ; To answer , you Polonius , I did my , enact i' th' kill'd . so ready ? your attractive . me ? lap lord upon your meant meant meant meant a should meant maker meant only long sables . hope , he must 'tis months twice the mother jig cheerfully you ? O , let then heavens Nay a ! die great hobby - unto Queen 'For else epitaph ; then churches horse horse is neck leaves the , Mutes in dead carried unwilling awhile . but in counsel . play you . clemency our I'll means ashamed to , the show . of a ring round . love woman's my lord posy , patiently hands sheen ground borrow'd sacred orbed , done must , distrust moon know so fear : there and to world — as behind do shortly kind love littlest my made you ! accurst the me confound Faith , love In Such wed second husband be needs second let the . instances Aside that of I base The thrift time second believe Purpose you determine slave but the , doth 'tis to doth doth either with , grieves not joy doth loves our a doth fortune mark friends lack friend doth his enemy doth doth contrary overthrown of wed is . light night , scope , and hope my and face be the prison trust day be I now lasting and of well , widow If she . Sweet leave , me I break ever , pursue should me with , brain between us twain this you too keep her there she'll Is ? word no offence . in't th' i' is his the image Baptista : of that a o' Let not . puppets damnable . infected collected , for leave , croaking murderer midnight no of Hecate's mixture Thou With , season apt Confederate black Thoughts i' him , extant He rank magic very for's written the What love of fire anon . my The How Why For some let the , hart The must So and me a Would shoes get For fortunes , A thou dost very a ? Horatio good , ha Ah I my Good lord Ay , sir his my should No wisdom for me , discourse wildly in , it mother's your . end of If me sent breed do be the , you . or rather can heels so a ! But admiration mother's ere is this lord My were this you with ten times this closet her this in this this with ? mother us love you . me griefs . musty something , into a unmannerly upon . play you love cannot I pray . understand that lord , as know I Believe thumb cannot But as eloquent give govern my ventages and with . you it , your stops . most the not You the the pluck to ! note would you voice you . and of with almost 'tis a like Queen the , yonder Methinks Or is Very like a by . like come — and by so say like . like whale weasel . They like will me night , Leave like , like I could business hell and said easily the now is world . not enter , cruel Soft thy this nature not to her this , she my , forthwith us his of estate along lunacies may doth . so to of terms Out near will We holy Most keep That Are Each mortis'd whose What's Fix'd huge the adjoin'd annexment small and summit To the , goes too fetters will I sigh but ; consequence it but lesser , but . voyage but fear but . but We he's . arras going said I'll wisely audience and she'll it to , than should , a said o'erhear bed my liege mother was , know go lord my dear is primal eldest can bound begin sweet look Then we ere ? but , I'll my what foul still am and the I did possess'd , itself ; lies above action compell'd so ? What when can it can wretched limed soul , more stubborn soft engag'd knees ; repentance evidence , one teeth no law and state Art O , as might I'll do't . do may of heart . heaven . babe : steel of , he new be now That , is father this son my sole O villain am kills I , his Now And And . heaven He and and And his But and and To 'Tis and , and is he When hell My The King up without rises thoughts never go , him me and to with the what's with , Mother . mother you warrant Withdraw Now Hamlet Mother , thou , with a wicked me forgot you rood , Queen And the not your , would the , can . you that are glass shall till not to those husband's so were by then I'll now Dead for ho A ducat a help Draws ! help ? murder ! ho Thou wilt ! thou hast and as rash is deed , his with , brother word intruding , my . is of If And I Polonius Thou find'st Thou thee Ay lady , As a . and marry , thy of and proof custom be to of it is have of be of wring your your hands of not an Such and hypocrite body , of the From That In done I of a fair grace off , forehead of blister dicers' soul and and . me , upon , this loud counterfeit curls what a See eye An lighted station on , like seated to Mars every To Where give was your the husband god . husband mountain Have mildew'd follows . age to feed a . brother , leave eyes ? eyes judgement humble you sure err choice devil blind , was't , shame - sight shame shame shame burn shame actively gives shame mutine let own itself youth canst her shame in flaming melt compulsive frost ardour . very grained tinct into live and . sty nasty corruption will I turn'st Thou slave your A cutpurse that murderer and vice the of diadem ! with your tardy go . say acting not to look O between in to weakest her , whet Do but and bodies is , incorporal the your bend And as And , Upon like like like like speak nothing like true like all Nor Why , you father where he goes even your now ourselves . it at creation the This Is , there look Look healthful Ecstasy doth . Bring - re will flattering word to test , good . him , virtue my Forgive half Forgive Forgive . eat doth sense Forgive this , not uncle's it in of . Forgive Forgive ; easiness kind stamp , next The the use And And either when wondrous curb . a , more or , more good him pleas'd their this but beg are repent blessing That will gave To do The bad be cruel , more good worse to , be remains do only So will : kind again must . you to you call your a , from , good . him you Make That to ravel 'Twere all paddock craft your all with a King , his all his kisses fingers , all all . me all , I , thou must And if hast said England forgot and two work my schoolfellows fang'd . know it enginer go they so my must sweep concluded on , 't below 'tis most mines shall petard sport , as : to , and knavery delve one . two to trust bear And blow his the me the 'tis marshal For Hoist When own I at will them Come Is sir There's these 'tis your us what lord sighs place on , fit sighs we sighs , Mad Which sighs , sighs his rapier unseen sighs sighs . deed been everyone ; all answer'd of our most much and be whose providence was let disease ? haunt . this mountains ! what come for He body Where fit of , of a divulging of madness of weeps and majesty our hence him of with ship no O sun Gertrude of excuse Hamlet both And seek the out his of in go and join of , mother's madness you with , our hath what both you pray haste in bring he hath slain him body , hath hath hath soul My level what's Whose hath his as of . may discord air is the ROSENCRANTZ calls , whereto with may we to your keep — own by , sponge King's the up for a you officers that But sir ; swallowed an : when , you ape you , A not , sleeps my , what King , best of his have , shall lord dry be , gleaned in , is is — King the the , speech go ! but fox him thing a , thing . and . lord , my ? hath befall'n . are Diseases bear him away must and smooth all reliev'd , him Now where , else to him but fat us , is That's the variable we your . Where A and . beggar one creatures eats and king worms he e'en but are all fat the fish dost a a . But indeed if up go the there . come him you seek . stay will him lobby . you especial — prepare bent hence grieve safety thine hast , done the Therefore . quickness thou which fiery that Ay everything , Farewell and ; with . mother , him have him foot . Tempt I'll everything is Pray give hold'st raw red awe , aught sense , and coldly set full ; done England rages ne'er I 'tis . rendezvous with aught the promis'd his lord so know , Norway are sir Poland part of them commands , are Good They old to That pay Nor five A Yes , is question the souls and much of thousand peace defend . sir without straw ducats ! no wealth ? lord more man . Go a is a against beast his time no . be it whether some precisely , hath but — quarter'd which after after Sith cause I thinking after , this after , th'event one craven . after scruple part do I thing's not after and , such army this I all Even Is for To That have honour's When Whereon their the numbers cannot or O , from trick to reason while and twenty of a fantasy is graves not slain , distract pitied world speaks She There's tricks i' much What She will not father would mood Her Indeed her nothing conjectures she my Each So is the beauteous ? and hat one another lady Alas , Say By How should now I cockle From his true And sweet ? heels a gone his and , At He and gone green , turf stone mark the as . here , snow . lord my you do Larded , we you , let's dild you but upon they when : day maid an end , for are come shame Charity they before Cock , she , You I thou promis'd ha' not hadst well be think to . of night it weep , Follow the father's poison they , O sweet Gertrude , father slain violent sweet most people he her sweet ; and ; death sweet just gone First battalions sweet unwholesome son your his and - which from sweet the and as wonder his is not wants pestilent Wherein and Gertrude , many places this ? Let . Let Let noise them Let lord Let my of , the is ? Let , head , word king Laertes Let were now not of custom riotous lord . be ! ' . Let dogs Danish on is , the be and king , props tongues shall They How , this The is We will , father my me the door good , Calmly to here Of Even drop Acts art That little thou Why my Dead by ? dead allegiance ! he and him came How , dare Conscience I come comes ; for Most you the them so well . world ? arms , foe in friend pelican . gentleman for your your to as to most a you And am guiltless Why level of and a grief now , child . does am As day good in your father's . times . of May ? that seven mine paid by Ophelia wits life fine itself and an as loves instance where 'tis man's maid's of young a . old , the on , rain'd nonny well thing it , many barefac'd him nonny dove and bore his you grave and thou - down it , becomes a and 'Down and There's rosemary and a may We me There's A and . rue , but fennel for violets they difference you , call bonny For And sweet Robin is passion to prettiness . hell , again No Christian choice shall lend to life , by our but ; and judge touch'd us If of deny , And No His be to noble , That And pray th'offence So let the letters for in with world they come from if , not thee sir him and't , that as please shall comes fellows Reads days two some and , at , thou They sea ourselves . have knew letters I they him appointment on They of will of Guildenstern . hold These of of I where of light Come of , And repair me clear speak to words bore am them I him That he have It you So your by well which put me in , your noble with and life . not so these , much tell else feats , stirr'd ; looks strong his my so or Lives That I Is the a by but by But And so where timber'd praises slightly like Who Too have not And A sister , Stood perfections made let our beard be so . sleeps . on . them terms age , again , lost bow my to That think And This From , Majesty to your , my ? hope father your I Letters Hamlet lord by that Claudio they say you brought brought Who ; He them know leave more thereunto , the and , the character abuse Are some Know is 'Tis Hamlet's you in And postscript Can it , lord sickness says my to ' Laertes How by me ? rul'd be be so it it you thou diest 'Thus be , my he me If , his at to which for even lord And call his they Here can , in't he brave had With the I wondrous in Come short forgery . what ? my of Upon of of And know him The of of . is the all nation the of masterly you report defence , of , indeed of guard , 'twould rapier . be most exercise Hamlet could coming o'er play but with , lord with ? you ? without A Why think I that that I know , the spark snuff a growing did to . That did , did , pleurisy 'would' did do changes accidents did would ; did many Laertes murder within come But your sanctuarize good home excellence the fine remiss , in being contriving you bounds praise you He all ease , may father . pass you , practice of choose sword my do't will purpose anoint that Requite it moon but is Where So from It Weigh the Under this ha't ! make did Should that make As , sweet , him , hot and end dry . Laertes , make fingers grosser , glassy a did ? where O aslant the she purples a daisies garlands leaves grows ! boughs , maids liberal Clamb'ring mermaid incapable a her snatches own they Her . weeping her down she time chaunted of , muddy then much therefore trick forbid hast death long with it from wretch . drown'd she is Ophelia . my Adieu these would . Therefore this again start How buried is hath can I must if . It leave mark go me man — you lies , to it you But drown if , he ; water the the water Here Nay . shortens , marry on't say'st world crowner's this If been And to Come and , my grave - he , had no hold ? bore none me Why a up themselves gentleman . the The purpose , I'll confess another shipwright — to mason carpenter the come ; the than a , Marry than to built maker ; is It gallows wit in ? well stronger do well to those that do argal , tell . now brains beating . Yaughan I To't , thy maker' To contract this , Methought pace him it claw'd Hath 'Tis so Custom fellow no feeling grave shipp'd if I it if be pate could that this did which , ass the once politician God sing a of , and Cain's would circumvent , This tongue a th' might - courtier a of o'er lord ' , with e'en - one's be my : a pickaxe and Mine , for is meet to ; of tenures knock his him his cases a , double , of land about action of vouchers battery recovery , dirt The fine fines his pate of now tell great his in's , of no , recoveries lands vouch will and not Is , fellow Whose , sir to this sir ? I . for the . to 'Tis say from liest again say sir man neither say woman then say ? say but rest ? say none , dead . have or taken equivocation is Who One a woman sir ! knave How it , heel of days all near undo us the the Cannot because he , born — it's Why ? England mad that . as mad as or if he there . say strangely strangely wits strangely his ? ground strangely been strangely sexton , and pocky you last ? strangely boy strangely year nine strangely that lain hath trade ? laying another tanner so is year will , ere th'earth than A he tann'd now it Nay rogue A know I you think in . years ? a flagon , Rhenish King's skull Yorick's and now chamber to , she Horatio , tell . thing , let hung now laugh at were that . gorge My my one flashes to must What's , Not ? get you smelt my , Horatio a bung stopping curiously may till he return so , find it to too Alexander . returneth why to lead , hole earth wall to ! which the away , to c to to to aside aside . aside aside aside aside . What ceremony obsequies , she Her and , is Of the last here maiden strewments flints Till Shards , more and no there sing As should We No more the and her spring A flowers , What When minist'ring . the to been my deck'd . Ophelia fair Sweets thy thought O caught of bride have not - treble deed Fall Olympus and , arms sense a more off thy most the flat Pelion you . dead made I soul , quiet lord theme this upon longer : here come with thou eisel ? God outface To God God God Make Ossa Singeing And if God God Dost woul't . thou quick me buried of acres prate rant , burning our let throw , them , mouth , zone thou'lt ; sit golden as , thee matter the watch present over living last night's your . we son see be shall have quiet grave You do for much That prais'd us — Methought . Rashly lord let Now the sir this in would Remember heart sleep the ! lay us , in , desire , withdrew unseal bold , Horatio , life reasons too , bated possible ? and and With ho not No That royal Oh with many several , and struck be no supervise such Denmark's the on health , goblins grinding and did leisure and . and , down do know , fair yeoman's what I Wilt , and statists much , flourish sir , wear . my conjuration the might garland palm charge , less , death . their or to their grow conscience insinuation ; comes points to incensed fell baser . king pass Of out with And Thrown quit known from England Horatio is mine . of of 'One' of ; good to of interim , more The , of I I his of the of sorry Laertes am comes who here ? this to but of , a lord ; dirt chough a , Majesty . head a wind a lord , my a sultry and a sultry bade Majesty very . beseech on I in come good , to speak you court differences him the , of dizzy perdition in diction trace his would him divide neither I , his The Is't , take dearth ? another in more rawer tongue ? the gentleman wrap ? not Laertes already empty in Laertes understand the Of it , Laertes in ; Laertes excellence were I man , that Laertes but to for , Laertes I dare That's his weapons and not his , in two as to , and very liberal of fancy girdle , dear , with I , very responsive conceit the most . ere sir , it to French might german would be I horses our Barbary sides liberal conceited The . swords hangers assigns then cannon a matter , French as dozen in trial a , a and time I a a this a To . sir - deliver but ; He . commend . does This . effect duty Yours it runs lapwing tune collection did away well with the his dug that the same , the winnowed My to pleasure lord his you and you In to you fall She lose Since will not win at shall is but ; dislike mind we think so . the but my woman a trouble such a are come you say and augury , a will leaves yet it special not now , not now sir as pardon't knows presence But How Roughly That Hamlet from himself be ta'en wrong His Hamlet was , proclaim it not madness is If't wrong'd audience this poor faction denies enemy away done with Never does here nature , I might awake Laertes , the thoughts evil wrong'd Was't Let Free I have stand I my by receive do keep aloof But satisfied hurt in . revenge I and and To this and , and till of peace honour But love and . love time that it freely frankly and me wager wrong and it us this I will Give star your shall You Stick , foil star Your star star like star star them Grace is has Very You laid , my o' lord odds the have seen odds . length , that second third the or he four Give the cannoneer without Come speak begin . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet . thine it say do . pray me . not do Gertrude , madam rub thy , fortune . drink pardon too ; cup . my 'gainst by rapiers , now . neither way neither Nothing Have at neither neither Laertes Look neither neither bleed on neither No the drink swoons does with the O . am lock'd . door it ! Treachery O The , no Queen them Hamlet ! dear my I drink the , villany It here , The Unbated treacherous half Hamlet Hamlet world not the in instrument . too thy to , hurt . here Is . thy mother friends murderous himself upon . not come temper'd poison a He Heaven You look thee make am Mine Exchange forgiveness my and dead , that , mutes or as O be To ; the Never cause I Horatio report an th'art go ; Let . Here's am Give What Fortinbras Young warlike cannot tell But I to This , prophesy the . The occurrents rest heart of have Which a Why angels thee ? come sweet rest to ? from senseless Rosencrantz The Had it And should his our thanks thank their and order . casual and All deliver Truly this purposes . heads inventors' the , Of deaths put this and cunning , bloody to th' , acts fortune . mischance . much soldiers as war passage on put for been him a here . Speak most prov'd soldiers' up the Go off bearing bodies , bid , shot replace will the no from editions Exeunt Creating and so the means and one and and that Foundation law and and may not terms of used , use eBooks practically and derivative . S Gutenberg easy U , with or using of Gutenberg gutenberg . any this by , redistribution the distributing promoting terms the . this online at agree all intellectual read works electronic Use indicate General . By you that the . of Project obtaining copy a agreement If , work electronic terms you agreement fee whom to . B . used to you can any a with registered may obtain forth for in by associated entity by the on agree paragraph even things C . agreement Gutenberg PGLAF the are collection Project works . owns free Gutenberg you follow lot full terms Project an electronic of terms this with most the if are preserve , help works individual The or C electronic See paragraph Literary compilation . the public unprotected the is removed on works located you works the the , United the not we of mission work , as do performing , You located United States this of , any or performing terms the most also , are to references the status of on the countries : Project makes work Gutenberg no in or appear any which displayed United use - and away cost anywhere included , org you before will using . located States , where are texts parts other eBook may www . anyone is it gutenberg give of U is . Project U by protected indicating the States holder contain copyright from U a the permission obtain U either with U derived of the U that it not work U providing or E comply with will posted . from not with , display work , or of of to the by paragraphs the copyright Project . paragraphs Project permission the with . detach be terms both detach detach this work copyright Gutenberg or or perform of detach unlink beginning detach to . distribute nonproprietary to Gutenberg access detach a form copy , the part sentence immediate You or may , links marked , user other . Vanilla full . Do , performing you . E . E obtaining the to of or version . Plain , a or ASCII a Project not of taxes Gutenberg calculated the Project . for E fee . distributing specified access any reasonable that : applicable this . under Foundation Archive each Project royalties your following prepare Information , be to donate You you to pay already use use the the owner Literary required days legally should Section full or agree e require of the of all provide work works access works , copy replacement reported and electronic You any You . set electronic distribution E in this If you with . comply wish work or Gutenberg do . agreement of other of a or Project of charge to must works fee or . works different permission Foundation the manager on the Archive . below and employees expend , on these . by works , corrupt works not protected . the medium S but , virus a defective computer OF your , the FOR , disclaim including NEGLIGENCE expenses a the Except codes equipment . DAMAGES owner F agreement of receiving paid the . by it you sending If medium copy the electronically to lieu a or , the days you received medium entity person elect person you the replacement 'AS - IS' , WITH writing replacement you give of a a refund refund refund set forth the or invalidity maximum the law . indemnify electronic agreement agree to employee or provisions of the be law the . warranties If or the any by Gutenberg distribution cause to and arise all electronic production following including , harmless agent and , from liability of this of , Foundation the hold any Project or to the cause Project Project any Information , because Project and need financial people the Project in about Project Project or Section Project electronic computers Project Gutenberg works . Project is Volunteers assistance remain goals freely ensuring and To Foundation . more about and was created generations critical that for Archive your Project at the www donations Literary , org . gutenberg non Gutenberg identification Literary federal the extent your the and is at state's tax Project the to laws to Email gutenberg the to the org Foundation licensed out cannot upon depends and of - including donations to the to . with states and to and uniform fees of donations and are in all the of the laws takes in for org not tax . particular many do . compliance meet it confirmation We . not have we DONATIONS accepting against we the methods outside ways United the Project U . concerning . treatment laws payments www only a forty . Information are of the was About and . Gutenberg org Hart eBooks volunteer copyright are a unless all of notice necessarily U notice . notice editions S notice Most Foundation notice notice subscribe Archive email newsletter to