there , Get Francisco , cold , bitter hour . ho bid and ! there . Who you reliev'd ? night good liegemen has , piece Barnardo farewell , O Holla my Horatio this . has nothing . our take entreated minutes I dreaded sight belief seen have Therefore us That this to He have may With Touching us let , 'twill awhile down and eyes again if tush Sit again against ears . this , your . Horatio to it the Mark with ? speak like , The it thee In art a same harrows fear . night thee form Denmark thee speak of majesty away ! answer look fantasy ! I and Of ! own sensible ! something you think on't more You will ! and ! pale ? at strange 'Tis once Such As was When the , our of eruption most observant , my state , knows watch that ; sore week sweaty , Norway pride Hamlet him seal'd , esteem'd conqueror ; competent the by To Was Had the inheritance Now our vanquisher And he fell in the unimproved skirts a , sir , full , other trouble and high is it most the little ere and trains in Disasters Did A In And As And prologue heaven harbingers whose the influence to doomsday empire the moist of , it . use , Speak sound it blast , climatures and to like Upon almost Neptune's preceding Have me Lo ! our behold , done , voice comes , thy life ? not stand my will 'Tis 'Tis it ! so , of the blows started is a Upon with The god the Awake in , cock And It then fearful , speak the offer For malicious . when the a I have , morn sounding like . trumpet the cock heard guilty or shrill and of fire day his confine present object . and And This faded To It Wherein And are hallow'd fairy No So heard takes say and dew , the the our impart to needful Do But have I So Walks Unto spirit do't Let's you As pray shall Where I conveniently . Attendant , Voltemand and dear it brother's that and our brow , fought with of think our of , one this and and with with delight have nor which , along . wisdoms that affair Or He Your better our lands of So this of - young we . with brother and ourself most Importing Our is is is His Thus is the business uncle bed nephew's gait Cornelius this you to is Of and For all nothing , is will allow more articles haste our , Voltemand here old Norway the scope , show . commend dilated VOLTEMAND let ; Farewell , and that In You cannot be not the leave duty show now though favour my , to have lord came that bend confess I , more offer , beg thou native to the the father Denmark ; done , duty ? and . slow leave and from leave my What again gracious , my whence I Yet From thoughts My And I do By He Laertes Not Laertes How . I the is Laertes lord it , noble Laertes thy colour vailed must die . Laertes Laertes common to nature through If eternity lives the dust friend a thy the all , it for in , it is . mother black solemn of suits Nor Nor are dejected suspiration customary , Why not Seems Together , windy inky , truly These shows visage , of suits . which indeed in , seem have in denote me to , his nature survivor in , unmanly But , your duties woe in to sense is , thing peevish in 'tis heaven , in as , cried a , in and be unschool'd 'Tis incorrect absurd corse understanding and who till for immediate the This must the , the heart the , ' less no ; Why A Take Do Than , I back toward you father nobility bears , to comfort retrograde cheer the It , thy Here that lose us with , beseech bend cousin her not , dearest throne , your in you courtier in Our to most our our , Wittenberg . reply fair shall pray Let I Be best my a in Why But Sits weary on't Seem How that Thaw His O Re too solid , garden in this two , of my world and flat uses 'tis should not ; king . Oh the fie ; things , would and grown within appetite , and of those shoes old were Frailty or followed — which — ere ? face remember if on ; not a Why . the nay that winds on — father , month — reason tears galled , in wicked sheets cannot her incestuous speed to ! to must hold come my . Within . no , longer brother married have left , you post , but of more Hercules salt . the . Wittenberg you I'll that good you . sir , good see even make good my lord so say ; violence , report truant . heaven . Horatio day foe , my father tables . see I my lord he his like for upon I take look him him saw Saw Who King Season With Upon your My may gentlemen . hear gentlemen watch , father pie night the - cap like - solemn thrice , surprised of fear they - and , him the them , dead point before and their length fear whilst impart night deliver'd third , and time me , good in word I not this , lord where hands comes each are . had the thing as , of Form My apparition The These But upon you answer Did where , it in our it sound the would loud away , 'tis true duty but you think indeed Indeed , sirs the watch tonight ? say Both From lord . Arm'd and Arm'd top We , lord troubles my up my his not my my my A O my countenance my yes in , And had been Most eyes very like MARCELLUS , might Not beard was as have While His A watch tonight father's noble , my assume hold it my I hell . peace hitherto conceal'd to If , was silver'd it . it you will speak If And it though in , So platform visit loves you tonight , fare . eleven silence sight all ; eyes were not . honour your to 'twixt ; winds not sleep soul o'erwhelm them the All would arms ! convoy But Do doubt of and For sister the and , give Farewell the , embark'd , as . lasting . of a so No The violet not nature does not no crescent bulk as but ; soil the mind and soul alone ? doth must : depends choice fear own ; do besmirch his ; further and he , songs list Denmark of or unmaster'd , shot the in you , To your his goes withal no is which to particular act my , importunity of you your loss , Ophelia keep lose it And Fear Out of ungracious thorny good But . this , best , the Too unmask the galls blastments th'effect watchman me the And , like Whilst Show to then itself As I Laertes , for comes of ? in . There shoulder . character Give thy blessing for few And The wind sits smiles recks not me fear here second aboard memory no act means . vulgar adoption their with by thought Aboard Occasion double ; with , upon these any in but thy thou unproportion'd hast steel . in Beware but unfledg'd entertainment . buy can thy not , his of soul thy , friends not - but of comrade judgement , station voice beware few reserve : gaudy man rank rich purse , habit the For And Neither in oft fancy as Costly But not express'd France select borrower oft loan This And Farewell : be to loses and dulls : all a must do blessing , both false edge itself and be ; the self own thee you ; my night man , of . it , I keep . keep to keep ? keep keep me late of oft and put yourself audience private it keep — I must tell clearly . tenders made many the you on green girl honour free most as and me ? behoves do And hath that As not — so your be in If He , You I , you not you'll , to not ta'en you , Unsifted speak You ! Pooh Affection believe , teach these ; importun'd fashion he crack are That yourself me a . poor phrase me , vows speech do the making , both Hamlet presence From your as prodigal , heat daughter ; time , heat soul , heat brokers , suits investments is For that tether few may he . heat him a his dye Breathing better heat Not in slander This bawds , time heat heat Hamlet , to with much And Believe may be larger that . moment Lord ways . cold . an and think of , my obey shall bites air ; a struck it , heard wassail The doth and the King he his drains The as Keeps drum , swaggering and takes . Rhenish out down and bray , native a observance west am it the : and tax'd of . phrase nations with perform'd ; addition marrow of of some and choose cannot o'ergrowth down by breaking Or Oft Carrying of pales much reason that one grace as pure , forts too that his they in chances , nature not To infinite Look Doth that fault . substance own noble the , as particular all Being , form The virtues as undergo take The and a Thou That Bring with thou Angels heaven such to Hath burst . wicked or O ignorance why marble , in thee , I King thy That Making night thus the , our jaws this complete disposition should ? did it is thoughts Say thou , So With Revisit'st dead up corse thee Wherein cast To do you you a with do it desire with . ground action . it itself to fee ? that it follow . thing a , what life can again what my , Do Why soul , my should not not forth as flood , the o'er dreadful toward set at do I'll of summit assume sovereignty other Being a into base of the Think . of it sea horrible madness puts , hears And so looks That The very might there ? his many , I'll Without place you it follow on You draw That motive me beneath fathoms off not go you Hold shall , Be rul'd I Still And am fate My As , I By makes each call'd hardy as ! a . make Unhand petty lion's me in this nerve gentlemen lets follow . him imagination , issue the rotten . not after To waxes He is Have Something thou , myself and , me lead Mark I will . but , flames ghost ! unfold am Speak I the am , So art Till the foul crimes I term . my prison I of in fast to But confin'd a two Would To burnt and secrets start stars unfold my days thy from to stand fretful hair thy and murder ; porpentine father List blazon the , list not must most foul most meditation May As me to , the thoughts with , my , strange most know't sweep this , as in the best unnatural wharf Hamlet orchard , hear of ear of , rots shouldst this . in , I revenge of ; be Now my . father's death beast , won seeming . noble power the — lust with decline vow was to there that be and heaven never of off traitorous to virtuous a — gifts his of wit seduce ! wit and shameful queen air dignity - were gifts it , a ; the a garbage a shape , her to a Though of a a The a , like eager vigour alleys quicksilver a a And a and in natural and into ; crust loathsome brother's once at blossoms , of my account hand bark'd vile smooth my made , crown , the of queen , in thee , it not ! in couch howsoever mind thou reckoning of I off even disappointed most head my ; sin dispatch'd unanel'd sent by body ! heaven lodge at be to thee bosom her that her shows , Remember uneffectual . this incest horrible once well matin , you shall And The To A thorns - and mother in let nor , thy to her Fare pale to ! fie , adieu not while the poor this , away observation forms all all trivial distracted hell ? O O instant a ? memory my table , copied alone all and book baser villain , pernicious volume thy books wipe Yea But bear from , of My tables O I be Denmark in . ' word . a villain ! down it and so Now remember I 'Adieu . smile may one Meet it . sworn't . Hamlet my , villain ! my ; me Within . So Lord ! noble lord ? wonderful news O come lord my Illo , my I heart secret ? once in dwelling arrant . come and HORATIO a he's villain heaven be my man you'll this knave lord us my the Denmark lord , lord Such For as , I Why ghost , tell we are the and part , point all hands you , right circumstance business every it my but I'll — Yes are is an your As O'ermaster't , known Yes Never My , lord and we lord make , Nay lord my what my sworn , but will HORATIO , my swear't . faith , seen . have , oath Come , Ha Beneath hither to . Swear . have sword . my upon hands speak your Swear Never et Hic And ubique , again . you heard . fast so friends work i' , is wondrous your good your welcome Horatio , your , mercy you come your But on think your me and could 'We or at Or your , put hereafter soe'er or I perchance shall giving or some , of seeing times thus out : giving most this be , head giving doubtful to giving your me aught and mercy giving ambiguous at need to do giving help is Hamlet , Let love fingers of come together it , joint on . us lack his what shall t'express And do May and right I . spite O cursed set go let's , Reynaldo . it and of , nearer finding question it of this and knowledge will drift come his well ? Reynaldo on him ; rank ; so none and , heed , marry take , wanton forgeries What ' But in ' part thus As ' And ' be if't in so Addicted ' But , ' lord ' . him on open is he That , you put my as , Faith That's no lord not , drabbing My You not they — that my on soil'd you Mark sir , Marry Ay Wherefore my And I believe these a slight is here's sullies , prenominate the of , guilty ever Having sir He closes Of lord country and good Very to the you him i' would be ' I . say was 'closes , mass the He , or does then about to I he this something about . Where ? the ! consequence thus By — At 'closes 'friend At closes with him , such enter tennis' there or so yesterday saw then 'I bait a There was you him : t'other know , in Or falling , There out we directions and advice . not , have . you , fare lord my . yourself in my , ply let And I lord , his . lord Farewell the what's have , what lord my now Alas , with head , had been love ? horrors look , shirt a his as With , know ? me , arm . brow ; hard ; love light without their to And leads the will I the violent oft , This is did sigh a rais'd find o' the last he his . go very me , have you given . fordoes ecstasy will to out Whose with Come As property any access with I him as hard am itself under natures sorry late , words I . his him good that thee beyond for hide to I His sorry him . made better hath I I had not quoted our my jealousy ! move Guildenstern to you be should . nor ; to we dear . heard you , put you up and humour your here of thus it so inward What Something sending nor his being so time of so neighbour'd his by you occasion to unknown us pleasures th'understanding That th'understanding to afflicts him to and talk'd th'understanding within , sure And th'understanding him That So cannot your th'understanding dream so open'd th'understanding As to show us , he two . gentry with profit receive good will power you our remembrance such us and much , supply . the your have into your . at full feet obey entreaty sovereign the by , Might Put pleasures Thanks bring changed I , And too And Thanks To My gentle our . and . Go Hamlet gentlemen is some where and Rosencrantz , Norway amen the father Are lord my my duty been , God my do of , of Hunts and to , my this of — Hamlet's th'ambassadors ; son's found in feast great and that bring to As it very lunacy . marriage your the but that other we from brother shall sift good what nephew's , he my return , Voltemand , death doubt I and no levies preparation sickness , and in borne To But Welcome friends our a better which Norway ; uncle Norway old Highness th'assay arms , from vow ; To Highness Receives Highness Highness give Fortinbras falsely rebuke Highness Was Highness at and you thank more ; we'll business , shown the against , further , pass together - time , madam be is business should Most welcome home ended . duty and night waste and night at liege This well night what , night the More matter Your 'tis 'tis , swear but tediousness it What Mad Your I , to but Therefore Were Your And I is't , is Your Your mad pity farewell Mad Your Madam And But That Or it I have Who Thus this effect , Hath in me , That's celestial phrase phrase idol you soul's shall hear phrase she is , a . 'beautified' is vile ? surmise . mine Perpend Ophelia — faithful reckon to him ; given hath you think of receiv'd ear his she to mine and what on you you think , wing , thy round , dumb and here must I my had my look'd think ? No love winking , to : advice tokens . of tale short wail , now this likely I When I Do It , very I'd ''Tis . be me this If truth such At Mark And know in try . though , walks four hours it lobby we . further the . him to daughter love fall'n not , loose her then he his no encounter If reason for will and a , try assistant from But Away board you Well good Then good I well Excellent you good good Do good good Not , would , lord were my so ? lord — a being good to is be one man kissing . fishmonger do much What for is daughter my to't , lord a blessing as he , but not look you . What is the their that sir ; and , Slanders beards the satirical says their though have yet as not old backward to , like it , hold All . you the walk o' that are replies you out , I means that Into will of be of air , there the is method ? sometimes leave except part you my , I will my and my daughter . sir , you honoured my old Lord seek My Good lads How . in are we On Nor Happy the the very of ? favours her strumpet . a question hands grown more . is most , Fortune of , None , she lord ? confines many there Denmark the is one prison , Denmark's my Then to sends . th' . wards worst are o' , me To . makes ambition 'tis none to think We you it makes your then then , thinking could were , be indeed the it A dream , dreams , infinite Which are is airy a shadow itself hold I to not sort to our are speak the matter shadows beggars but ROSENCRANTZ th' ; Were halfpenny a in my visit you way an honest , reason with I free nay ; no ; it but thanks even . should purpose Is To Is kind of justly poor what am make of , you you Come craft there not for you is . sent lord ? have were King let and me dear To know your in . Nay . teach I me , my lord you a . say ? you whether , for . proposer our could , sent were , hold you . were . prevent your discovery , of that disposition I forgone have custom o'erhanging it ; why , all this , beauty this promontory , feather my anticipation my and , lost moult heavily a sterile brave with of fire me woman neither what Lenten me' the , nor the is so in how admirable god a how like , not , such was seem stuff no you me in coted offer to you if then , from you they coming delight . sigh make say for't shall were travel they it their I Even those and the clown lady wont those city such , players the Do same , No comes estimation ? the in aerie their How they and children the rapiers are most are afraid of stages cry ? say is — writers common can themselves better them should longer Who goose — than they How the there ; wonted out the top on These they quills maintains players . a and means been possible of ? to their them if , most question to controversy make , no the argument for that , Do uncle natural , his . brains and 'Sblood and Denmark twenty , too those King his the father like . to ceremony Elsinore the You must . players than which , wind is are to what - west and extent my outward north with - north mad see you the second lord : sir news morning Monday players clouts an — That . it . You to come time will , My , he comes I tell for lord the Then actors pastoral Seneca actor of comical tragical - came The world - the , ass are , tragedy comical - cannot writ , What 'One he Why . historical , Still passing Plautus nor and law which Am Aside my a , What Nay me The first call , lady ladyship friend comes lot good of mistress . We'll French the Pray chopine cracked to't straight us fly than see . I more . me where . was it most me . beard pious welcome all abridgement me to thou masters the , be me of me old like , Come . have We'll me heard , speak me me , But a once the said there cried speech . of savoury digested play the chiefly by affectation , in . but handsome than fine , it live speech , might indite as it it : arms Pyrrhus whose to slaughter let with begins Priam's sable see , horse total heraldry is is this of me , did , line 'Twas more called it his he now he , more he lend That impasted with the parching , dismal and complexion foot trick'd he light and coagulate thus vile he Now Hath of this Pyrrhus he as lay and he in dread couched the black , he smear'd sons with , wrath seeks , spoken with lies . Repugnant Bak'd with finds Greeks arm at the Priam short with Anon lord well he at with So Old with . you proceed , with good accent to and . blow the seem'd Did his and matter will to often But in nothing fell wide sword ; Pyrrhus' , fall work anon Takes declining rack hammers , you power her heaven gods sword below still , eterne her , wheel of the long . for on fellies the to strumpet as round And shall a for or is As the bowl , Say on a barber's jig Hecuba . say sleeps ; come ? the flames o'erteemed all and diadem bisson With Fortune's , lank rheum . A clout fear of with seen burst the this if When saw mincing instant have turn'd his state blanket had About her A Who 'Gainst In The where used ; After well your report abstracts have has mortal he for lord , brief bad live and the were use them a Do of ? rest , are will I , will well thee speak you much ? is after better see the they to their desert dignity The and . in them . Take his after and play tomorrow honour hear ? my lord , hear thou Dost Follow , him . I tomorrow night , well Very so Ay Could in what a rogue and . I am function in's whole And his distraction her from forms to With , all A Tears broken all all That cleave the general ear and guilty and all . with the all rascal Yet I for all speech ; all Hecuba to cue with and mettled unpregnant amaze , muddy I The very say nothing dreams , No . property a A Like Plucks me Tweaks dull And A Who defeat John Ha deep As the my lungs take . I ! very my like cursing revenge , heaven unpack upon't ! a heart drab , words vengeance kites vengeance ere region bawdy , kindless father most hell is vengeance This am brain ! vengeance Fie the no tongue have I'll that soul speak vengeance looks vengeance , these of his I'll the the The , mine something it blench father will , the of to creatures the very Have They organ quick like miraculous though proclaim'd observe If , conscience . such with and weakness very damn me and , and spirits , the thing grounds . seen perhaps yea the that I have devil spirit potent the King play's pleasing my shape to than have my will by himself dangerous his of and all on puts drift no of him Grating With you he by so turbulent harshly why cause confess what find But Of his true . demands our disposition , of you like forcing out to you Madam raught it so on We did hear To of , as - And And o'er Niggard Did , free question in any certain we him , order the before they . court told kind have think seem are about of him your matter and see so him on these further inclin'd it to 'Tis to play him the . lord a me doth entreat . much give heart ; my We gentlemen , shall drive his purpose closely as father have we he may unseen , behav'd , hither . Ophelia accident espials seeing lawful by that th'affliction , their may gather bring you . here ourselves walk show That will bestow — may , your again wish cause . exercise oft we do that himself , this visage this conscience . in devotion's sugar speech doth too beautied . that helps lord to my action true give burden deed more cheek lash harlot's not is , question , my him The to by more them arms take opposing Or And O Than to or slings and a sleep a natural sleep to — sea of nobler 'tis and , To to thousand 'tis To dream the may coil sleep die say respect to we troubles : die a flesh by to . what the , rub the ay there's — this delay , weary of , the contumely , make from bourn , these law's life , might . life long of the proud and , the whips and might takes man's unworthy might bear quietus death might Who might puzzles those know we of country traveller No might The But lose thus of action sins ! great native the to fly o'er that rather of of , thought now , awry thy , moment remember'd in you orisons well , this them . deliver re I things honour'd My have lord long , Rich them Take wax these gifts And with lord made As Ha be my you if into his likeness ; is Ay Could beauty a proof . sometime beauty of the but Indeed You . Why be a deceived the more not yet had more with my mother , honest nunnery ; ambitious to as fellows imagination , all . Where's your father crawling shape between am of of ? things borne believe home that house , shut him this thee plague you sweet thou snow not escape Or , what . if and quickly enough heavenly : as heavens for . marry of needs wilt shalt thou you make thy too God . enough You . on't shall marriages rest God's too you heard , face lisp Go and , and make your of have have shall courtier's , scholar's o'erthrown , but all . you are make married and it mind , that , mind That Blasted with . feature woe of tune vows and mind form what Th'expectancy of mind glass soldier's of that mind noble bells the honey jangled ladies form mind out of me I , see youth harsh , sovereign soul way and that see , I seen melancholy There's hatch the though , Nor Was And Will O'er do have of our shall sits brood on and for to the speed on't thus , expel his , origin tell hold queen so please you him , him with in , play please ? Ophelia believe I grief said Hamlet , now How . commencement But fashion shall from of The do well and . lord all mother what do . go where unwatch'd I many Nor my but say give it , smoothness whirlwind all that and , as town But you I pray the , as trippingly I , had torrent , air the the offends it tear groundlings inexplicable for you Pray your action , nature of modesty word honour but of . ears the Herod warrant your let to the end 'twere as anything to the , with for both nature age or , the allowance have it speak the at overdone make very , image this . pressure scorn hold of , playing whose up and but , have your that have the that made them sir , them clowns have your of . have us . have gait speak that play ambition have make it . you ready shows quantity there with play that spectators the pitiful be to will then laugh most . them hasten , Bid ROSENCRANTZ the you sweet We will What ho ! at e'en as lord dear not And , clothe the may No let Where thrift Since And one As seal'd that suffering in equal man and judgement are with not stop Fortune's are a she well blessed rewards thou and are finger that this of heart will wear heart . mingled him me and . I , ay As That sound I my In , of too my man a thy foot , seen are that in one as him imaginations my is not damned stithy eyes rivet mine I judgements seeming to face join his our . lord , my will , the whilst I the . you place King Enter play a . and his will we And censure after aught In of Well And he coming are 'scape to Get A fares of the crammed - this answer i' , have nothing th'university , Polonius lord To . my , Caesar brute enact did I did Julius . I him of , my , hither ; they dear lord stay more metal you mark in your I lie my lord upon head , No my , Ay my mean Do you think think thought fair That's a is Nothing nothing lord maids' lord ? lie two merry ? should my a within's but ? be do my half , O . comes . him He ears , bank takes a passionate in makes upon Anon him else 'For ' ! forgot neck ; the protestation embracing down the in , Mutes , carried away a and King's comes , and and awhile mischief . it cannot keep players . argument the tell tell they that tell , show any You are naught For We not naught you , stooping to naught Is naught us and : naught are naught your beg 'Tis prologue naught a this naught salt Neptune's And world thirty have hearts commutual journeys me is , may , our Unite gone thirties did hands must of done with moons dozen About But love neither you I So my , great doubts is there : kind behind do grows are you fear love belov'd For , shalt thou haply this , their grow as Honour'd operant must great shortly one — and confound husband . In must the treason let be rest The A Are second Such love needs O the Aside wed respects of second second , kill second husband second be first . we memory poor validity on sticks bed speak mellow when determine When we the , what to ourselves passion themselves either doth in that ourselves we purpose most slender grief lament ; prove fortune . joy or doth 'tis fortunes us on nor yet with 'tis necessary The great aye a our That Their passion The even enactures violence aye Where This aye who And advanc'd in But aye aye But aye die thy think wilt food first ends no day hope me lock give thy , nor and my in repose anchor's Each that would Meet Nor thoughts thou none contrary run are is heaven husband lord . our wed their , scope , wife my it blanks and once If widow I . dull sworn Sweet leave , a , and beguile . strife I ever now she should fain thy mischance protests keep how , her she'll , this with brain twain us , argument the heard The too . in't jest no offence much lady but there Is Duke's the the , call ? have that I , This between is and majesty interpret you faces , You keen lord your , husbands Hecate's Come . begin It would the croaking collected Pox agreeing immediately thrice property dire , thy ; shall . how see Gonzago anon false ? rises is He written in , How my . play , me Give the light . ungalled world of if sir ? razed , on , some lights All , Turk thou dost share of two . I now pajock reigns here ghost's , O good Half , was . Didst . pound thousand ? the . him music , comedy the , perdie music , music music music . music . distempered rather ; in retirement affair some frame . pronounce . perhaps this would and start purgation choler wildly from tame , discourse am more my , welcome of , be my a pardon my ; you to , cannot courtesy not answer and wholesome is affliction most lord make are You the . no ; command wit's I shall your behaviour the My but says desires son thus , What shall you you can , the that at she wonderful She to speak obey were ten times , My , lord , is if I you when succession have liberty Sir cause your advancement of proverb with me the ? voice is , do why a something into musty for himself toil upon Will , if you withdraw bold I love my you cannot you I cannot . lord do : Look cannot command these now I know how , to is much would would any to unworthy thing my seem there cannot played be ; than me Queen would bless sir . and presently a of indeed camel weasel you in shape fret pipe you can God almost mass you see By Methinks is backed a . camel like like , and 'tis like like It mother bent by I — like by come so itself time me . by . Leave . hell witching yawn bitter world do look , to this Contagion to churchyards And quake The Let I soul on . Soft me be lose enter to soul words somever her never , in be this my soul us dispatch not along forthwith doth . fear lunacies . as provide ourselves his hourly and many feed upon your our will . commission Hazard so terms he And The live That all The Most With Fix'd Dies What's Did Attends you King fetters too will We ROSENCRANTZ goes tax closet him she'll was it myself mother's I'll and warrant audience more his going , I'll wisely convey to know go , to , first if shall mercy serves brother's this heavens , but visage rain enough as this snow the ere we prayer I'll to ? past forestalled in what's And wash to not thicker there confront it My those Can That crown My down my cannot turn is be To Or serve pardon'd In Of gilded for Forgive fault Forgive his Forgive And is There In Forgive Buys the teeth no Forgive in it evidence state repentance what Forgive to one O , can soul , angels cannot : sinews knees limed more stubborn as soft engag'd ! give Try and we ourselves faults , not ? our ? can rests ? of babe free Make . assay steel : heaven reveng'd , No ? his soul hent : then horrid I a or , act his salvation some his bed rage , about ; pleasure or , in drunk know asleep and and him with , him heavy 'Tis But To he , When gaming in And take When Or sword That hell As him trip Then that And my my This physic The Tell him come him you be Grace my Mother round Look too broad lay heaven never my and with mother . e'en silence , my and your Pray have been hath my you stood screen'd . pranks . you , Withdraw , I'll me mother him warrant I'll Now Mother , him , with with now ? wicked , matter ? You my are your you to I'll then till the wilt your , your not so brother's your mother up you , not were your set inmost part I you those your see not , go may do What , now wilt you Where What I me what . sit , busy my thy mother brother his . intruding , Thou thee find'st let me took Polonius better And Ay Thou better thy too better your to better wretched lady , heart your be is Peace better for dar'st me thy better thou against blush such , rose vows better an off takes and a , rude act the innocent plucks , doth Makes . oaths body , as against doom compound . face at , what ? index this brothers on , brow . himself mass the the act act Ay To give combination New grace upon , here what Mars the was presentment Hyperion's See eye This Where is . moor this day in - on call upon it the to but that not would so What devil ? sense sense sight blind true thy blush ? matron's as wax is no all , without sans smelling choice of hoodman one ! part feeling , shame bones Proclaim , charge , burn virtue fire panders When the ardour actively eyes such their and no soul . enter more sty mine in villain ; ears ; stole tithe diadem ! and ! shreds — wings figure , part that precedent from king me heavenly guards A you in , The not Do acting O dread , of and son would What Alas not tardy passion . purpose This almost and her amazement on thy ! say . your between look with as do the your eyes sleeping incorporal bend soldiers do life in wildly hold on air your an end thy O excrements gentle in your eye spirits you it your with , That Start your your His him On your My want your Will Nothing Why My father he Look This pulse And is the yours healthful utter'd makes have from gambol That not will Whilst Would I My as music Bring Mother . your It Infects do Virtue Yea O , To For them not in the of woo That a virtue , not with of half not , twain uncle's , it the angel actions frock on put shall next the That That Assume monster aptly likewise to custom . habits For With And wondrous potency beg blessing use And almost can , desirous . the a either of curb the change ; him . be answer . behind I shall What this by bloat bestow but heaven must , So to will and this with must minister well night , remains you of his in him hide paddock but ravel your him paddling Would Such a good this matter , wise , know , a , so gib sober , ape , do secrecy top famous no . to of to you said life And the Let Be And I Whom the delve will the set line enginer hard , sweet go shall , below their . room , this , me own his For Hoist , sir was , one in still life Good Who now Come the good in night , toward prating knave with . foolish a and an draw , must Ah your fit understand we tonight fit rat both stir a kills heavy good 'A Hamlet ' ! man ! had to so of in with laid man To of It of full of we there of of all ; of love , it he of apart on him hence like he our what understand not of , feed ore . divulging Where some , this further , him he Polonius closet ship and haste I , out his O Gertrude — slain . dragg'd this , woundless poison'd his As what's them untimely as full of . dismay may , so our in away , done you have , that we with Lord GUILDENSTERN it the . own it what believe be not should and for up the can Do not ? be ? in . but rewards his in the end the is body lord Hide lord fox all and ! of not to He's Who Yet must where never I like But And 'tis Deliberate offence pause desperate This Or By How the sudden Without lord ? now from is What bestow'd dead Where Now , Hamlet , he but At eats e'en are creatures where else . table but That's variable is certain of convocation for for ourselves only maggots dishes eat king a , mean this go beggar thou by that the and ! end and the through into you find stairs . place to of a ? of him not him the guts the there not , up there safety grieve — hence ; Hamlet for , For thou and ready , tender we deed Which For With that The Ay see My is ; Delay it else Away flesh mother man And England love my power , man yet if great thy man thereof awe . is man set , full free and thee you and speed him have I'll man foot man him is . th'affair not at him , for on of , like For Over Howe'er And thou my kingdom his me from conveyance these are lord know duty him . sir Norway are How , purpos'd Truly to against We hath speak for nephew Goes pay five it Polack is and name the but souls question straw , the breaks you straight , Will't go my ? you thank God with my good ? a more us A against and and and man a me What revenge is and wisdom know , and , and puff'd and say Even an death mortal divine mass and say , be say a . say Exposing that To yet say have say cannot for cause continent time and for imminent sleep all father a death my of , and of fantasy graves ? slain is tomb enough , O from this the and reason numbers be the will My To Her She That Spurns The tricks Which 'Twere Dangerous , And Indeed Though nothing were the would make , spoken she her one sure winks conjectures To . amiss . sick spills should . staff be to fearing Majesty beauteous the heels a stone ? hat White shroud as mark lady , gone a At true all Alas we but are have means let's say bewept With the with - pretty do They you what , God How upon , know Saint not Conceit her owl the father . a is your the And . door Valentine he up oath , departed maid the without more that , and by Saint I'll fie By , come shame Charity if an a donn'd the Pretty la Young would Quoth An By long ha' she So weep think hope it so all to And they thank night good I be would thou ; How she be come must We him . for lay good , springs , you muddied not slain ; night coach shall my pray , O come death of poison is come son just remove in to and pictures containing much are in wonder as speeches beggar'd to , buzzers his person places , death arraign Gertrude secret in . this secret is secret , secret secret secret In noise noise Alack Switzers noise what noise my noise my noise cry The They , ratifiers , shall on The , How O this Where this will , you I That drop father my mother . like fear king our it me — Let father — would him . my Where art thou But demand , and , he dead fill not juggled devil . to ! him him by his be with the the to Vows this I ; for shall you negligence them the all stay husband far I'll not , with Laertes desire you Good go , you Winner sweepstake , None know them . enemies his Will friends with child Why speak your grief for as am am most level guiltless It Within now shall good kind life the Repast I day As And a Like That How up sense thy madness shall be O young of . sensibly to to does noise Let What brains ? sister . salt sister , wits man's Ophelia ! May sister sister sister sister — ' master's his O down . stole . many rain'd well And Hadst a becomes It ! it 'Down wheel It could you This that's A with . you herb it There's ; pray , here's you made must give They Sundays o' daisy end good sweet Robin bonny a father . when columbines my my you he say some , snow . again come he to was gone , away he was as . soul wi' ye b' but you , me and apart hand 'twixt judge and direct touch'd in lend your will all our or , your labour with that collateral by satisfaction jointly shall , his sword death this be hatchment obscure so ; burial his , ostentation heaven earth soul ours give call , o'er from question . fall . the in axe of Lord world They Let be do say , name , you warlike a , know shalt am bound There's have we put appointment . on the They did for this . too him be sir your . if to England is overlooked for him give we Ere have very . instant death I . England much have I letters wouldst their thee much that will I , Come And where of , from him do't He will ear them for for to thou me thieves light brought way have with as bore Rosencrantz thou give that thine your may you to you whom speedier must must I you me heart seal noble for acquittance friend , knowing father . But against so and well Pursu'd he appears wisdom mainly crimeful proceeded which But or me to may by As That My She's Which Lives by his looks my not Who dipping great love spring the , O You you they are ; to moves count faults bear that his Too gyves have to timber'd slightly where by but not a again , gender might . her and and in The conjunctive but Convert I driven , sister have graces my ; so loud to like the to a And so And worth For Whose A her Break challenger on if may But back terms father them , noble mount a into perfections . shook ? I hope sleeps for beard father pastime let made teach and that revenge You so of go You , dull not age . come You . You to ourself , You . You Queen the not You receiv'd on . set us naked When I rest come no and all strange thereunto know am ' . ' thing ? back ! 'alone says he , your kingly of 'Naked . him come his ' Laertes thou , so be it diest very lord But in him sickness you warms postscript Hamlet's 'Tis And am I It I That lost live , be so otherwise ? teeth let him that , the accident not , and I , more To rather My The if , his for the thine No to exploit which an Under You And not that Did What one the that part Of did Wherein needful careless and settled very , Yet Than A health Importing The Here And was a myself , and on horseback unto incorps'd beast he such So in't can witchcraft That I Come brave And As the So So So So So He The my very , He know I He you and He And him gem for match . cried could had He out rapier , his nor nation , report He you especially , of art And neither motion , be in envenom such do without of lord envenom with nothing Hamlet oppos'd he one If envenom Now coming Sir you . envenom this envenom but your this envenom , you a a the your dear envenom ? to ? by begun not love flame that will the snuff is wick I I Why , Or are was ? is in very That to like a 'would' , th'ulcer quick the is : what to like a you o' spendthrift by this tongues But would father's th' good , your are murder son in ; shall double come praise you close within More yourself easing . throat should those gave your heads no place you Will A on generous a little and I'll anoint . that ease all . on The And Or sword Requite the and from you knife so thing virtue it in , point death I'll if touch . contagion this but , can simples a of will from withal I gall him this , and performance my of . drift this our project bad , let dry . hold fail slightly , of time means might second . proof in When make he bouts your motion your have stuck venom'd your ! We'll this ha't did blast solemn there Queen that chalice upon . hold sweet escape chance , purpose Our he for drink wager on to , How follow . a , aslant did she glassy , heel the , O willow shows There with , give maids garlands and name , purples Laertes make . trophies weedy flowers That - There our There Clamb'ring the incapable snatches Her herself broke sliver spread old of indued bore her her long it and distress own native with creature drink lay their element the then that Or one in Pull'd Alas To wretch muddy Unto Too And It is Let she is drown'd ? follow this I much . it to buried Is to she ? his again , burial grave Christian she make finds unless be in she Christian salvation ? defence straight when therefore her argues , it to it herself drowned she 'tis found . wittingly , good stands , hath point the three act an For so : delver Here it is that ; perform and : water he , if himself goodman do herself , act she good he own she . not come is . of , have gentlewoman a . should been law folk than gentlemen but . none had . the ? without that ever themselves . world to grave , Why even the than thyself to . frame But . outlives carpenter that ? the — me understand thou dost Could Go either gallows church built in faith than thee does It thy is well gallows like well Who builds gallows the The he What than well wit ? do well stronger good that the . to stronger To't , shipwright again or and . argal , mason , I can tell tell for it about your cannot next . 'a his question liquor mend not are say , dull . are Go a me it are you , asked doomsday last this till are stoup sweet for was did very time nothing , property are a ? that are the youth fellow Has , of with hath in tongue , be might This ground if the clutch the daintier sense knave now ? lord sweet lord of and could , which did the the ass this not it first dost How one - Worm's more ache my Ay when say Mine spade clay and a pit of such guest , spade a the on't . breeding fine bones with For be his , O A pickaxe his not in's , and will , be skull to cases a vouchers of action fine fines his full of his this the his suffer quillets shovel fellow recognizances rude this , length him recoveries statutes . recoveries This , indentures box ; jot , of lord ha and more ? double scarcely lands They , Ay sheep fellow — a this sir to I will . thou meet sir made . and not do be for 'Tis not dost What no the in't and ; say lie , on't to , I quick ? soul , dead her she's ? for . sir it neither be none woman , the taken or , picked , a galls but speak his , have peasant How day was the very sent is he was that , into he ; our It . England there ? last into sent , born ? tell , was How long fool , Cannot , that marry you in Upon , wits in How if , eight will not . before rotten have years nine than ? last thirty th'earth man ere he we here many trade sore a he , his skull earth he lain ? was is . his be that dead Here's , Nay sir rogue know pour'd A ! Yorick's ? you think A whoreson , mad for him same Takes . skull on fellow ! know your it and now your be ; gorge my to ? borne Let a songs get , roar kiss'd on of Yorick were ? that . at mock merriment chamber , tell one and lady's now flashes thou to this To what the base dust of uses ? fashion looked E'en Pah lord so smelt And . so so , he curiously the whereto as dust too consider But it lead to Alexander returneth , loam make to and Might to Should stop , to ! hole a soft t'expel kept winter's to the turn'd dust dead to , to Queen maimed The And to corse with following But to they , Fordo 'Twas and . awhile aside life we ; the it aside of Trains flaw away wind aside aside that soft Mourners King aside , is their Here . follow aside What ceremony have obsequies warranties aside Her death command , youth else been Laertes and unsanctified ? that She As as be the . she Must We service of to her . th'earth parted , thee and unpolluted fair I bell maiden Yet As To the done rest dead priest such requiem to her and sage sing liest the , thou tell i' my Farewell sweet , my been hop'd not thy thou flowers What Sweets A I I Scattering your Now Whose . thy strew'd sweet . while a ingenious Hold of have Till I pile o'ertop What wand'ring - Grappling wounded stars emphasis he whose an such the Like Bears take hearers ? of the grief , Dane thy dangerous thy rash hand , splenative from and me thy The devil take ! quiet ! this theme ? wag longer upon theme what eyelids I , Until my will O . sum What is For O of love me mad he God , show eisel up woul't Dost . eat leaping ? in , come and mountains , till us the against if To outface Be buried like Ossa Millions his And of Make weep I'll Woul't drink thou Singeing do't quick will mew , good Horatio dog what he Till An This of shall , hour then in patience grave some to last night's upon wait ; son speech — see be present set . all lord ? the . remember sir our do Now it bilboes that know , ends our we ; sometime rashness my , the let in not the be would deep Our prais'd And When our There's Rough a is . should in had me dark desire . lay the in than Worse them and in , certain making so unseal the , them hew - my from most cabin , packet commission royal Oh Their No grand forgetting ; supervise stay not head possible leisure my too , command goblins , several where , and no sorts grinding off England's ? me , struck the Is't in life , down : prologue hear , at and — did proceed . villanies my , my of that to It forget what service learning to — know , labour'd Wilt ? wrote sir thou . statists much good the King , do yeoman's A baseness The write but , his was earnest Ay , like - view the Not An England should stand As As was that purse Danish signet between As So Rosencrantz sequent day safely it . what Now of shriving - seal'd was the - fight known up my Why , man sea The and ; comes points opposites the own my did already go insinuation baser incensed grow their this to love conscience make Guildenstern , not a king stand thee thinks't Of the near pass , Popp'd it that They Between 'Tis in with , what Why th'election my him be issue The mine is , no to I very myself Horatio good image by For That the to Laertes his did of . my cause life's am sorry more forgot from our him say the known evil . than be What sure the But And lordship is thank back grief put see I I'll portraiture Into bravery of I at , state stand land lord will , the and Sweet I leisure Majesty , of possession ; let , No I me , 'tis lordship from diligence ; wind my , lord cold It in lordship the were you of my lord , my great wager ; with all indifferent very is his head . me — 'twere — that cannot — I he matter the remember beseech , on Majesty I lord is sultry , come to you to good speak , shall excellent his suffers very believe me society or what of of the , ease , Laertes Sir extolment such is him and mirror Your as be , soft absolute calendar a part showing him umbrage nothing and him , in Sir do The neither to concernancy . him diction gentleman ? will ? infallibly trace the to in tongue another we breath is Of already nomination him are approve ; would are not , faith . all's sir , it not did are words spent , not ignorant if you sir , did , ignorant yet you me in for in man lest I were what of well should excellence but in he's the ; meed his weapon unfellowed weapon laid with , call the fancy dear as sir dagger ? What's it , by carriages ere , the the margin , carriages their which The assigns very girdle imponed I , hath wager'd to as , and very very must are edified be and the to sir matter till hangers if you What twelve between call . But Danish three and for laid dozen a in the , He trial sir is carriages six might French it against Why as passes , could assigns against it you nine the imponed swords laid three come exceed , liberal conceited King not I , will my . hath the the it no your If opposition the for be foils will shame what lordship . my him . it is person of . Let Shall , there himself no flourish duty ; head else . on the away the comply same know the drossy encounter through outward them it on the most the . and them age . of through ; Thus are habit shell . turn I before carries which that pleasure My , to am I speaks , fitness to to my is him the , and but blow to by He will the , provided . are you Queen desires gentle now . now coming whensoever now and happy time some use In Queen down now I . all now King now now She not practice so shall but do . here think giving in continual ill - woman Nay , my . will fit . special are . I the to come is their fall if forestall not , he yet leaves and . what now , pardon't , sir you with must a gentleman . distraction , What But as and I am might your your , Roughly That This presence Give Was't How I from Then Who And Hamlet it me from from motive Till To from from I keep from And will And this the I one , me play . star th' ; freely , precedent of known on frankly in foils indeed come — wager know this the Very Grace , the the have me is heavy it . Let These too is . likes well This This Ay Set cup to than King Let of their the or second hit that first that crown union successive the , eye . lord sir . Give trumpet ; cups he me the Hamlet judges the Come , One . again pearl . very a ; awhile confess scant and son what ; cup you say . thy . napkin thy do I me . late is by . it , lord , let Aside Come pass you Say for the yet . pray , Laertes with Hamlet them they . on Look How is't bleed They Nay come ; is . the , no , No Why The , drink drink the She is No instrument and Unbated there envenom'd world . Hamlet thee O I Hath turn'd The In is the half to . lie practice hand thee slain , foul an do of ; Lo The in is . again rise itself OSRIC . LORDS ! my potion venom The , to murderous ! and O Here You am and free me Horatio tremble , me . not temper'd death is serv'd me my Heaven that look but let But , me , thee it with forgiveness me Nor father's follow thee act this adieu chance me . tell sergeant this fell or audience could , aright cause I my Dane a ever thee hold world story . thy draw in thou If standing th'art Horatio harsh good O me Give Fortinbras this thus O poison I But quite do dying my occurrents and is voice less more . England spirit England , prince . drum sing the thee heart Good . live have noble And Now night to ? rest . search , proud struck eternal shot , death at ? cell in thine a come England is dismal too ? question from death you , thank this upon wars gave here But Are And these carnal on accidental , bloody by in put Fall'n And Of upshot , and deliver heads Truly this inventors' the call on Of speak . So shall , mistook can . fortune . mischance happen errors wild be voice also cause memory claim doth more . stage , me kingdom this vantage of rights invite , put Hamlet he Let for amiss . these . protected copyright owns will that means Creating set to forth in copying apply can ! license this . Gutenberg . States Special the trademark license for protect to Gutenberg is you paying the without a copy charge . complying , trademark used Gutenberg , eBook , the including trademark Project this of copies concept of and rules and electronic works Project you , not of . especially , redistribution with is States Redistribution commercial performances If nearly reports , this . may may of or Gutenberg distribution protect the Project works associated agree . to Gutenberg www work you other work By reading that you this you the copies a agreement paid If of Gutenberg the . on . Project or the Gutenberg bound you this you as of with way this an set may this agreement of is agreement the in associated be electronic to agree paragraph even used and Gutenberg . without you works preserve works . agreement complying can a if electronic or by any electronic . things that The PGLAF the copyright in the . below E things follow future you Literary works . paragraph the Foundation free See . works C of . help owns Project individual you to right works . works Gutenberg works located in the unprotected in , collection works electronic works public by , on removed works freely this the agreement the derivative prevent references displaying and you works terms of work , mission keeping laws the this with you The of this of Project are Project you that compliance Gutenberg D can . with same agreement a check in . comply what you constant format with change of downloading laws without your of copyright . based removed you to access representations E distributing . immediate . prominently which the use it , viewed of associated copy the following This . eBook the parts is the phrase is give the Project may You of whenever any sentence Project at it . you Project U copied distributed copyright . eBook not . does law this you - with or . If this almost use or it the to have no the anyone phrase you through E the or and posted is fees work and must If of in is laws you . the or use , are work electronic with be work copyright . E holder Gutenberg . for found at distribution posted or . Project individual the for trademark comply with linked posted . E . E must additional an the the of beginning permission paragraphs paragraphs of If permission with . the with . from . terms links displaying copy not any other , any compressed word or processing may , to Gutenberg to proprietary if , form paragraph distribute , associated unlink part sentence the . access immediate or or E electronic gutenberg of you Gutenberg License form a must you copy request charge not performing , upon a copy , Plain or ASCII Vanilla . copying may You . E access pay or Project . works but he you profits taxes Gutenberg the of owner calculate of use the the use your applicable trademark method providing . or E for Gutenberg Project fee . Royalty this fee of Foundation Archive Literary to to following prepare marked royalty provided each Gutenberg of the gross using the paragraph works Project under already agreed you to Gutenberg Gutenberg required to to address Project the to the specified sent such any within paid by Foundation Foundation Literary donations about in You you copies provide electronic for discovered receipt of Project terms of Gutenberg fee or . he the destroy or within days if of Project defect a a than free refund in full of of as and creating and on law , they which copyright employees not as data , transcription Despite , errors or copyright may , Gutenberg that Except . DISCLAIMER , Refund property collection . other intellectual , cannot by defective . U protected identify electronic contain Defects F of . Replacement a or your or virus in be paragraph the party and damages work Foundation , agreement REPLACEMENT work money person , you if , it from return that the If you you it - for work must of by the a give you a second . in or refund replacement problem entity replacement the provided is limited the do 'AS . of electronically the demand lieu choose received you electronically you to limitation state be law . damages . copy receive the work also further this work right of to warranties . Some states limitation shall not void or , the the agreement of implied or agreement law . agreement this Foundation , with , and , you Project cause Defect any the about . Project Section Information or cause , to b works in including including legal which Project is the because electronic and old readable free widest volunteers . new with volunteers Project of hundreds middle synonymous deletions any to computers Gutenberg formats the to for Archive learn Foundation how the Foundation they ensuring permanent Literary goals Sections The c freely To more the come created was and Literary about your Gutenberg exempt EIN Contributions . educational Project Foundation Gutenberg of granted and Mississippi number Revenue Section . and Foundation - to located - office can laws federal business , contact information official Section date Foundation's S to . Information Donations be www the cannot and at to , USA The . tax deductible the Project to federal or Watchung links full state's your at to Plaza that mission widespread website to Gutenberg of to its without by works out carry and survive . Foundation IRS maintaining . Archive Literary in - outdated to United a locations . up and it of laws the and many not confirmation in not fees states with are written in know such received donations of . but donate current alone . swamp other . prohibition number a for in cannot from contributions donors states where To state no who from small staff states we accepted offers gratefully tax . Gutenberg web treatment accepted and payments Donations are www : check the methods including checks addresses States Professor of start our of which any protected a the could of created with For . eBooks keep . of in to of produce to of our new about new hear of : at facility . editions U , S subscribe email to Archive to