and unfold He Francisco . yourself You come carefully most struck relief now 'Tis Have a good meet Well , Not 'Tis . quiet guard . this ground . make night , haste ! good night . Barnardo , Holla A honest the hath place , piece is ? there ! my What , Welcome Horatio has Say what , him Welcome . tonight again appear'd Tush tush not have the again if but , twice him this come . two , 'twill us we nights we of , ears speak Barnardo once Sit That westward night myself , and of , heaven down again against assail , this burns In break made , t'illume beating Look bell thee same a The course now Had . where that's wonder . and fear with me ? Horatio it comes one King ; not . form thee Denmark buried night . and speak of with be spoke Horatio this time warlike . I heaven By ? will ! think more than this . and , See It ! speak , this something God the it ! my Without now ! Before ! Is ! He I not Of Is As thou mine own : on . opinion , to our know ice the observant watch , he : cannon land ; task week esteem'd by slay Dar'd , least , whisper but , so ; with seal'd by with side this Well Which forfeit Thereto Did Whose I ? me inform That now even At Was Did to the Fortinbras fell to mettle , Norway skirts a up here , list the by which ; by sir hot Shark'd That doth it His the And a stomach Is his And Hath For But , of recover compulsatory lost father to main source The So post The Comes Well think may and was That of stood sun and in of Upon and is trains and trouble sort through it mote A Was And And As even whose the ; the moist dews Roman the Julius sheeted Neptune's influence doomsday of it together still earth sick stars Disasters in almost the soft Unto it , If cross I'll That If thee be , blast or . thing to to the womb country's grace to good be of done me , life thy in spirits and of oft earth Stay , it in you , it Stop at about violence , guilty being the his present . Th'extravagant This To Awake was to a fearful and in the probation crowing is the . made that say faded Doth so witch then spirit say power planets stir abroad , time strike night all no , of on Saviour's singeth ever , the 'gainst no do watch impart we young ; to our we But , are , then The takes they No So hallow'd and fairy to hath nor morn the , in , by eastward . advice seen will and fitting my speak ? know , our it morning have and life to conveniently this most pray I in Hamlet Let's Where Cornelius As you , we yet memory To green , our dear us I Voltemand and , of in Though contracted be our be , of , this with 'twere as funeral with a defeated eye , kingdom brother's and one discretion hath so Yet With in one now to jointress one dirge in , barr'd gone disjoint our supposal dear weak by fail'd with He To our by Lost Now most ourself the Norway , impotent nephew's and Of hath business , much is good lists further is bed rid proportions full herein young of for law : of bonds is . uncle and valiant brother is have time this subject : and with , Out is The , Cornelius , allow than personal more your our farewell is . duty . Dane is't , Laertes asking Denmark , you your to must to your came return , I lord favour duty bend gracious your wishes thou have my to . Polonius pardon and leave father's wrung seal'd give ; Laertes spend , now A How so , lord , Good 'tis eternity it through common not thine is look ever Hamlet , Seems madam 'Tis customary it is cloak inky my Nay so If it , of ! not Nor But These 'Tis For must you father In In filial sorrow for some and a your to in is to unmanly . in course mind unschool'd impatient heaven as in common , in , to in heaven to , in dead we in our , simple vulgar . most , unfortified must know we shows impious stubbornness a understanding any should heart against fault it Than are You As of I Do In most to school toward you our you , our remain and , of , courtier the we back less dearest no most , woe , let our of Wittenberg to in . to cheer you retrograde It Our not pray , Let as all obey best loving a in thee stay my Denmark unforc'd heart my and in health in Denmark rouse earthly solid too heaven the thunder resolve the stale , self - itself That Fie Seem to ! all the flat unweeded world fix'd ! God ! two in to was that ; king not satyr nay That , fie uses , an garden body were shoes month mine of reason father — tears ! good sheets it to wicked in of . Why discourse with . she . post galled speed Within a eyes , incestuous cannot I your my good poor lord , well to , am to glad servant with ? you , Horatio , even from Good — make you my own , Elsinore no ? say violence ; report that ear know me my fellow father's . depart . heaven meats tables . my , Horatio all in . again for like goodly a was eye my I had methinks lord once mind's ; man , him Where Season your King lord ear marvel of till I you these . watch night , the gentlemen while father ! deliver me , let together and your their on middle figure and of , like cap waste dead , them speak , and ; the to true in This he , to watch time this ; kept , father . we watch was the answer , Did you Form It to even at But Itself But our sight haste address methought did and yet once would loud away true our , lord . 'tis . of but . watch ? in me . the tonight my , MARCELLUS , writ Arm'd Hold , Both say you ? lord my BARNARDO Arm'd From , O countenance look'd , wore What A more in , And , It would constantly Very very moderate Longer While like like . Stay'd tell . should itself ; watch , Let assume walk tonight seen was It And me my hitherto tenable be to speak in in loves . and twelve well . in . in in rise come well men's , in . winds give sleep do the embark'd as me doubt and , a A Hold Forward The For more suppliance , toy in that a and fashion not and No so ? nature primy of youth the in permanent Think temple . grow , whole ; own waxes the is not his , choice of unvalu'd service and The bulk . soil ; but on of if his for you now , birth he loves you besmirch will must this state body be depends do says circumscrib'd choice he . your in saying voice you your rear the his credent withal you , songs ; desire of or , danger moon enough the or affection or or , spring strokes or my liquid galls unmask maid is prodigal the infants dew else my or none But though are blastments rebels to The canker Virtue The And wary , morn I Contagious in oft before Be my to shall itself Youth Show watchman not like recks too long double Himself Whilst me Do As I these stay'd Laertes Yet you Look The . any Nor Grapple do dull with soul ; quarrel a not unto Be entrance Bear't Of Give Of And For every man that new each But friends them Those each man's thine as ear , censure to but thy fancy oft rich purse the proclaims reserve buy the ; can not and and lender chief rank man ; true of self the thee , my . man . you ? Hamlet . to late of , you clearly put and free 'tis up honour . tell . truth . pay a for ; true a me . me hath importun'd you'll honourable vows speech , his the to go to ; catch burns vows tongue the springes When Lends Giving Even , more must Be Ay blood light entreatments parley . at of is presence this rate ; investments Ophelia he may they suits show brokers , all are few pious unholy is from for this leisure forth Hamlet moment , Lord ; with In for of which . beguile so or As Look my , It is very now of wont does The doth wake this wassail King , Keeps No it What heard the lord upspring Rhenish bray , near the and the his drum it a custom ? it am ; thus trumpet his , rouse native , born , out ; his reels down a here is west other indeed attribute and of east and custom And Makes And That pith achievements , tax'd breach - heavy This traduc'd oft it our us drunkards and perform'd nature not reason too and the habit , star o'erleavens of of , men much , origin them in , or or , as , corruption or doubt or of a us from and a with or or wicked or defend or blasts hell or , heaven intents will That Bring speak royal hearsed , thee , Hamlet ? do souls nature steel ? is beckons Say With It you away desire it reaches and glimpses to ? should it . it action more not with what courteous . I lord be a to ? the it itself ? that then Do not speak not will what can my , at again my lord , the . it of base summit of other some your into might The What motive so very And you more into . shall on , I'll into form reason not thee the brain sea fathoms Go Be And Still am make , say I desperate By ! 'tis not . me Denmark . will obey to thus . him . imagination this of him follow , go no let's wilt thou lead almost . will I'll ? lend but myself flames To thou Speak not I a to me serious . unfold shall bound to revenge when ? I am So confin'd tell I harrow thy Thy upon each eternal combined stars ; my days in the fires of forbid night I , spirit my But prison whose unfold of away Would To To and crimes foul the Make up purg'd hair like particular hair to stand must , dear — O list father hair spheres , young fretful List thy ! unnatural hair not this didst his , hair , that know't foul as hair or I best . blood and flesh Revenge hair this most meditation May my to strange , And to Murder wings unnatural , out stung by ; so sleeping this stir that , of whole in the fat , Denmark of death noble ! soul , weed apt thee thou in me a abus'd uncle , Ay With The rots not Wouldst Now wears did forged serpent Mine wit O and to , that adulterate gifts — lust the beast with , me The That will my a won most in marriage was off with there queen shameful power dignity gifts have virtuous gifts — gifts ! of ! traitorous , gifts , went her virtue , natural whose it on the gifts , orchard morning . gifts scent I prey a celestial a a never heaven link'd gifts mov'd stole within garbage in though be in ; and were bed air , be effect in radiant Sleeping And sate lust ! soft But Most Holds natural And And cursed uncle vial , my did whose leperous And The with curd And off was Thus I by tetter , eager quicksilver it courses through ; body crust hand brother's about it mine : damned and thou for not couch howsoever Let A thy But thou horrible all Unhous'led crown All of smooth queen blossoms ! hast No Cut , If to glow prick thy not Taint the luxury nature royal bed this soul lodge to ! What , old me all And In Ay All , all of holds ? seat , past there alone volume , of copied , all wipe bear you else , earth ! Remember Remember table observation , Yes and books , me sinews my distracted and book of this thou But , youth and in down villain Denmark , a set . damned , my so woman . most . matter my by it may . lord , sworn't , are . my . Now me . Hamlet So it , Illo Within ho be , Hillo ho , is't , news my by , my What tell it . Denmark the come ; right the , in dwelling villain a an tell To needs There's no But us lord knave circumstance desire . own and shake desire , part : heartily ; words pray my lord . point shall hands business we and that wild you is Look as I'm you For As Never lord , but swear't will MARCELLUS my you , Nay Nor , faith lord , faith sword my have Come so , there cellarage the . truepenny thou stage the boy , you oath , sayst ha Indeed thou ? swear my . by of to Never this to this Cries upon , sword . shift we'll sword you Art Hic et said mole to your Come Never speak of that my sword you gentlemen Beneath more my , is my . fast . hands hither by Swear my Canst ! again my have heard so , my wondrous heaven and earth , my ? my your myself think seeing hereafter odd perchance put therefore and O your as dreamt strange Here With are your There things or your That Or you we , your know grace and mercy me ; know' to your and me - phrase you , giving they giving . need help , giving gentlemen me Hamlet giving us and That giving I lack love a love my is ever And giving With And , rest , perturbed , do poor on of out your Nay born your was fingers Let lips The time Give Before , sir ; you it . make Reynaldo Look . are to , drift what , Danskers said ; you , him knowledge of it more question come will distant and well very , my touch and , you part thus 'I him' , know know his son Ay part say very this of where expense , and at encompassment do company By as As Take That your they but I — demands father do some particular and please ; and he's , wild on of heed , so so , Ay , Quarrelling , sir may But My lord . As , such companions youth To wanton As or gaming , fencing drinking drabbing , You not he but outbreak may no must That savageness and the put season incontinency his taints . fiery so , of unreclaimed — that this ? drift warrant , working would th' a here's of , son , i' on you Mark ever you or ' He Your breathe converse party in sir so According And He , mass By does was I , then the consequence ay consequence' know 'I : in him , thus the , ' say , the marry ! you , rouse sale' See there , at such enter a so forth have . lecture me have truth of carp have reach , of and directions . advice . have not you and have I inclination in , have b' God have I Observe ply music . ply him How Alas ply ply what , my ply , his my unbrac'd in the ? ply doublet stockings sewing of so affrighted ply what's God chamber his other . hell , me . love before out thy by length wrist such the He took What said and , know Mad of he horrors of ? brow his of so me stay'd perusal my mine arm ; arm the other to sigh shatter piteous little so and and he o'er all his would his did head way lets eyes . on , light bended . to with o' This leads , What you him am heaven but to any as I itself undertakings , love their seek of desperate passion to . did and . late denied me made that hath sorry him wreck I to seems beyond for the sort younger our heed fear'd But age my to go Come which kept we opinions to with ; I my meant quoted not did access as is common hate than , hide grief discretion . is , proper close . might . did to much we that Moreover must This More known Rosencrantz have transformation see to man should it the inward , both with and and to our , court it that , to rest here youth companies him you up so pleasures to little , brought by your entreat of What death dream his than More To whom sure gentlemen I , For As Might To Put both service be , Thanks give up , And commanded gentle gentle Guildenstern , Ay Pleasant make our you . presence , to and instantly where gentlemen son changed Go Thou Th'ambassadors , amen news liege . hear have . King my to I you , this policy lunacy gracious brain so long I admittance fruit to bring your but our the main him shall no is father's I Say He The me , of death and o'erhasty we Well return , into , Upon uncle joy , with against Norway before of th'assay Makes give him Whereon To vow he sickness Highness the Polack , impotence out and , sends , fine obeys pass , allowance . enterprise give this of dominions With That Through , regards such , And , more think welcome day What , is to Were Therefore and day My And but Go to , matter What I brief call Mad I Why , since , what day is mad . less art time but true figure ? mad . art 'tis A : no I . pity ; remains now no at , Perpend . cause effect . whilst the , this defect mine and gather have the cause of by a : phrase , Hath Good but soul's my from stay move fire be is beautified a 'beautified' shall vile . her ; stars are sun Adieu machine ; sun , it to art liar sun this means , thee dear love at that sun . have sun sun love sun But do man What . wing think solicitings show'd mine to above given she of me ? tell love me your a my had heart Majesty upon play'd it seen prove Before Or might And What 'Lord must This Or If Or young a . should messengers a his gave , to thy did the perceiv'd Which given my And look'd think mistress this by now think we wherein and , to to watch , she is prince , out precepts resort . tale short — a , been Hath I When it be likely so ? will indeed I me be a time I'd prov'd such circumstances from this Take Where truth lead try it were it If So he the he indeed arras her , love behind encounter no know hours four . lobby reading . give poor where beseech , me . for assistant his reason and farm comes . good Lord both away good good good man be good . to is good fishmonger ? my lord a are my . being my good picked one kissing carrion in , lord my a my my you would my , to my the That's my dead true of daughter ? my , but daughter on Friend Conception . conceive that at say sun may ? truly And her a i' ; this me How not walk th' . said he Words mean , grey here plentiful says wrinkled that Between the to I'll him again , lack thick my ; it All ; gum most old not to am have have old that faces which be , air my I it of amber men powerfully purging honesty have , there Indeed replies sanity you potently yourself Aside sir , should walk you Though this Will out lord honourable cannot , from , except sir I take , My are could A is contrive the You withal , Fare life you To My Rosencrantz Polonius the Lord seek My . As that good the you Then the parts , you your ? Fortune about , the , she Prison Fortune near my you but , have . particular Then is doomsday my world's ? me Let one confines worst . there o' , mind king of the the a that quality our a but A ambitious infinite could be bounded , indeed Truly , I and , upon and GUILDENSTERN . by my outstretch'd heroes I , servants ; But ? And . you not thank . but halfpenny free , nay at you , with the rest most make other ? you . sent have ? the of of the proposer could sent were ? love me hold . off lord you your and , of late then of Nay , charge you of why so we , of To I of ; know , of a with look to so me fretted man , than is work thing canopy earth indeed wherefore and the to the air it I but firmament goodly frame this majestical to and paragon Man animals smiling no if are they receive from shall ; plays the , gratis the that think lord hither laugh to , you . in coted them to , when I to delight you service the on and to Majesty and , way . shall have to ; lover the ; part o' th' of to ? city such innovation such when such reputation . the such the tragedians , did followed I the the such but rusty such wearing and . question Are the on grow is and scarce players common to themselves than grow can ? 'em How ? Will as they not is say are sing dare — their call are — them goose of children ? longer writers the while nation them succession cuffs brains . the no . of about Hercules his load and those , 'Sblood , uncle my . is for while apiece it and extent , fairly welcome , there is welcome fashion to more uncle and is my In - lest you hawk north west - should my welcome of garb But . When handsaw southerly . You man old at ; too you be from you come there , see is twice second baby Happily will he , prophesy I sir comes tell have tell come buzz - comedy — ass , poem for the , too tragical history , individable , tragedy , Plautus men either hadst . either 'One either came comical - comical . unlimited law , judge heavy be either treasure of Israel ? either only or ! either that I daughter Jephthah thou ? daughter . Why fair me my not Aside Jephthah , you The Nay , call well that Why , as will all my know you God abridgement . am to is , is your heaven What nearer in glad face . than at like I my Masters God fly of anything , look . it For to a lord passionate French within chopine ladyship like falconers the . it speech see are We'll welcome uncurrent the thou your me Pray speech ? remember as the , speech a , general speech be of a — much might the as make in thereabout it phrase method the sallets of , Dido Priam's let slaughter me see as others million if modesty lines it not and excellent or your it to indite of : horse the the If speech in . let smear'd ominous Head horridly foot , sons , sable , resemble begins , he black dismal total he heraldry With When is not his , lay now gules mothers the and the seeks . proceed you , daughters trick'd light , Roasted with , Priam strikes rage Unequal finds he Anon well my spoken command , him , match'd lies . His where , with accent it , sword head , a of falls , his with with Ilium , and stood . senseless his wind and to his father to Seeming Th'unnerved Takes So Stoops A The As Doth in winds death never With On a as , fellies synod Out on Aroused Mars's spokes on less on thou strumpet than remorse , on is of with This As a on on on on rheum and . o'erteemed , robe , steep'd up limbs husband's did th'alarm his clamour move burst have Who you passion the them gods not Pyrrhus saw Fortune's would gods state sword themselves with mincing instant In things turn'd no bestowed abstracts while Use after use report , more merit . them according have better better them much , deserve Follow less 'scape should hear they bodikin Dost Ay that and lord , night . welcome lord wi' ye rogue . well To Rosencrantz till Good , Is But Could That Tears Ay forms With to the his eyes voice , or Hecuba broken Had ear weep would ear horrid the appal the ear general , of - ear ? throat ear ? coward my lie the Who it ear it this ? ear kites this cannot be face in me gives , the to I should pigeon oppression have , what I like whore cursing Fie ! scullion to , a like a and Foh with hell ! scene have ! heaven drab play sitting brain the soul . a at , the very to cunning the , seen hath , grounds circumstance confusion , speak , all feels cause we Of Did receive state some confession distracted means to to ? keeps him confess he what do But crafty will by no of but our reply any . disposition well , told we kind a Of that certain the pastime demands to fell so him ? Majesties . give ; much . him Good With And there as They in way the on , play and think . of , And To hear it This 'Tis to they about heart , delights edge a here , behav'd his frankly seeing is or lawful Ophelia by , for Hamlet , us Sweet Her we have ourselves he And And That That suffers you Ophelia I the . shall your , Madam , ourselves loneliness Your We How The Is is Than not . too And a Aside 'tis speech beautied , that O cheek my ugly harlot's To be Whether Or , slings to a To a heir and ; end by and the to to the that is , spurns the delay contumely of unworthy quietus ? himself of of merit insolence so There's whips the calamity of bear That give , wrong bodkin When and might No And fly to others rather that does might native puzzles ills of cast pale hue cowards make might country sweat , office the his might under a not of might , have might day have I lord I thank , never , you not now , My with My And made them words their noble unkind you ? honest ? more things these , your beauty have you Are Ha That if into Ay beauty my lord ; to a the be you . likeness You to thee myself nunnery . I , you you so . the . such very have to time than am of beck , or between , I me my shape them not yet I had fellows , home all imagination knaves my your I father believe be , you . for dowry not thou shalt if enough farewell well shut At Let the to ; fool , wise as pure I'll , men nunnery go : marry chaste go what quickly and ; heard and , to Go . will live , face lisp and mind , I'll nickname no mind ladies most the of form mind , mould state wretched vows reason , mind eye , mind , harsh music most . seen mind , in on something . a woe me what is , see his form way which I O'er variable demand the For some do he His affections his the Haply This of brains his something With Thus . But yet do I you him , to : fit hold My all her please , in him the his and tell , Lord Hamlet Ophelia . please . grief beating puts believe him entreat alone , do , you . go unwatch'd so shall send plac'd queen round . you the with said mother you if . Of Madness as of it pronounced too gently say use my you , ones shall best wisdom great the your soul a beget , all . all noise all Be not all action the Suit all observance neither all ; o'erstep word but warrant the , that overdone too so and body now tardy of and was the ; though time her , off the it neither heard a play o'erweigh grieve whole — and , Christian profanely that others praise , had accent strutted of so have journeymen made men , so your of them most be you ready work and hear too you Bid that . GUILDENSTERN to the King Here e'en cop'd withal . man service . be , flatter'd your as thy the of should I lord Nay As e'er my flatter ? hast . pomp thou of choice ? spirits thee lick , been election revenue no thee candied follow of could my crook let thrift thee man A As No , one sound That is Whose , not are And Give - father's of very of There have , a passion's stop slave , in , Fortune's are blessed so are thee . play it , comes tonight thee the , when see'st that act King of that finger wear . him this death soul ; play . his both the of Give will eyes stithy steal he If Vulcan's I And They I , have And flourish Rosencrantz , our fares I idle , Guildenstern cannot the : My , Polonius th'university you was my . now faith mine ; this with nor No did I kill'd you and i' Be ? attractive . calf No , shall . good , my dear , do that hither , the Lady I you I meant ? lord upon , my lord head my nothing ? lord my . You think a thought , merry fair That's are ! looks hours my mother you jig Nay ? there's , he hobby hobby Enter . O a on King the sables . crown returns Queen head him kisses it dead away comes him He ears passionate , and fellow he O and takes , in bank down King's upon the and makes in The but ? unwilling him . finds very . unto comes awhile . play the of this mallecho : argument the show players my this this by fellow Belike all miching this tell cannot show not they'll . mischief imports they that are For tell naught mark ashamed meant naught Be what naught . naught patiently posy your , brief naught 'Tis Is Full naught And thirty have times moons , naught most in our wash salt Neptune's times thirty commutual hearts the dozen Phoebus' woman's love cart world and did our been with bands done late , must distrust so ; are is , love this in their , leave , little fears is , proof my fear . fear shortly thou haply and and , great live shalt operant I thou My — do : kind fair belov'd powers And O shalt . memory slave the , birth is I When do what we believe A base now The But , fall Of ourselves enactures revels joy , own Most passion violence ourselves when The To world our not , necessary unshaken fruit like Their joy Grief joys most Where aye to of with either aye doth aye aye is aye ; nor yet prove love flies ; to our aye 'tis fortunes , mark or you , advanc'd doth makes aye where do are begun enemy I contrary so still none overthrown . own wed thou thoughts lock I cheer anchor's and earth Nor An Sport To opposite here , she If and should , hence dull , with leave here . I would beguile sleep fain day never Madam mischance thy . play ? offence in't no offence . world th' ; argument , do how ? This Tropically Duke's is Gonzago , What the play play ? in no Is there call the our wince is Lucianus have free of are withers , Baptista wife that Let . the to nephew , my are interpret would you faces , Thoughts mistake and black Hecate's mixture Come husbands begin your — drugs no midnight magic for's the and written murderer poisons On wholesome th'garden He Lights Give ungalled two Provincial feathers of forest a must sir Would some The the world my if , razed ? on my . Didst thousand might have You very himself dismantled reigns . comedy not . note the , you word a sir . history — sir , in Good Is King a , my Ay put itself him to ; more choler frame of tame your am wildly lord rather to perhaps . start and hath me . great most , I sent so your the , Sir What me You lord my mother and courtesy this I pardon , not if and a Therefore , you can no more make wholesome and says , answer my , make and commandment return my or and matter wit's My diseased and . mother sequel , my answer sir such , say , you as But struck . behaviour so a her us our ? closet admiration is no to you ? mother's . you go mother Have bar . surely stealers the for musty the you my , bold be see me while you Sir when succession in the voice one — withdraw , something too finger it you Look , are the and , these . me do Believe I cannot . my discourse with harmony . make ventages . me ! top I upon . cloud would Queen speak , mass is it and a that's the , lord Do the It yonder like a like weasel like a . a whale . whale weasel . me the , night drink mother my let . hot breathes out his like O I How seals words somever , nor , will commission not my him madness them estate his us our England forthwith it safe you . shall of terms And The so near Most and those will many and all keep The To The That the single strength upon What's now ROSENCRANTZ and We will , lord he's mother's his convey ; home , him it , o'erhear you , mother she'll wisely should heaven force offence ere What . fault Or To wash To Though My like guilt be What inclination What pardon'd confront And what's to is past ? What come ? in shall first with . pause What enough rain than neglect as What not Is Can What But serve My turn ; which corrupted law is Offence's May There out the one , for be effects the gilded 'tis , there action ; lies so prize by retain own hand of this 'tis nature may and wicked shove And Buys the in Yet what what In shuffling and . can soft All sinews be it villain might Now . And new struggling ! Make death as strings born . well he he is ; scann'd - assay babe heaven salary full , son , do revenge bread as , No hent horrid passage his of flush save , not for that this , is blown , and same villain of , thought am for heels his may be , black at in't bed , stays kick damn'd days and . My may salvation of in more I purging . thy prolongs my rises up but it that , physic , thoughts fly without go . him you words never to , coming me Fear him . Now Hamlet Come , Go , till , Queen it You you the I sit your would I'll not see go , were forgot husband's your you Come set and wilt do your murder you ! of , those may inmost part , your ho Draws help , me you your You are my ? your ! ducat A now ? rat ! glass a up you ! help hast what know O deed Almost as bad is slain . not . king marry with , As kill . bloody A . rash . Is I Nay a . a To . proof custom damned If me your . penetrable that I it Thou I Leave have What That done That Calls the marriage of off an there forehead virtue A from dicers' body and tristful Is The As false sets , O blush of innocent . Makes . of sweet the compound plucks a hypocrite takes soul words . face at The a grace this upon here Hyperion's front seated on this himself command and on this , the , mildew'd ear , your to ! this husband husband your was Blasting batten - You hey And waits this blood love this ? call in upon to Could The is his on day , Nor Is to have sense Would could To you not reserv'd without without for ; for at you have moor tame and sure thrall'd have judgement it's what sure so difference you eyes sickly hath serve But or cozen'd a ecstacy thus hands . not Or but apoplex'd ! such it O , some quantity of . What devil , was't blind sans thy ? wax , their and no speak as own canst flaming in As will see , actively . fire her youth mutine in as matron's Proclaim , spots , mine . Hamlet turn'st And there I such black tinct to live of leave not , sweat O in Over sty making bed enseamed and . a and murderer more , villain ; tithe rule and vice the sweet kings shreds A Save heavenly , wings ? more more more patches he's would o'er hover and me more Do That laps'd come O more . purpose soul command passion . more say chide mad your time of say to say step O Is not acting say Do say But say Conceit say look your your Alas with the Upon bedded at you as stand heat him His your On Start how bend incorporal the your an Whereon pale to look your not action I perchance your nothing there ? blood this have to do . see hear ? nothing you ; all Nor all . I ? speak colour To do , father he Why Look Do at nothing liv'd away ! he habit even in coinage creation in temperately . Is healthful will that from makes And have the . matter doth music . as pulse I I And gambol skin past ranker the vice of this pursy must Virtue make curb Yea for my my times it twain heart , pardon him of other the thou purer uncle's fatness , worser night Assume . Good throw O monster the He , if not with and itself of leave these to beg part cleft , evil a go away the And But Hamlet live habits And the To use For I do repent me must be their scourge heaven this For hath and will So , only , and to , word Thus I bad be gave death by this Not in , on tempt , you a your paddling That craft And Would the Let , King , that of you all am ravel neck for you Make queen , despite , No the fly , if from in conclusions And Unpeg that's a dear birds basket concernings and neck have to no made of words be . breath to ? on . most meet , yard , have knavery petard moon shall man two . to . sport marshal For the line set the crafts me directly O below . this neighbour night most life Good draw a foolish with . grave , room heaves ! tonight Hamlet seen ? while I does a . wind something , kills been all ; ' love of to to us , foul let most fit feed ? there was Where . understand of divulging of life owner man young would But Should mad To on not Shows Both Hamlet Go out Into seek We and him with , in you madness Friends both from chapel mother's hath closet I speak fair know untimely we'll pray he in , the As Transports hit level the world's the haply mean our we up what to may O the ! GUILDENSTERN ! the stowed Hamlet Lord Hamlet ? O Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ and miss his , the as his of . and the What the have Believe what ? be ? made , sponge me a for should and the the King do you that But . Ay ; Take them like when keep a sir your and you am swallowed last corner . such corner soaks officers he sponge the countenance corner his in jaw best corner you have again . mouthed is he corner but the The corner . corner lord my , must us of , Hide How seek me tell King A is but with . Bring have nothing that the distracted this and find the ! after all . their and eyes is must . body him loose , even scourge bear desperate hath from all , know ? is , Without in , my lord Hamlet where's he ? for convocation A your eaten Your fat e'en all to lean else your fat fat and creatures worms are at but , eats king with . dost thou may go beggar by . a progress , the . worm through . king . the not the not find you messenger indeed go the , your But him for stay will some this With that Which Hamlet Th'associates is quickness . do thou fiery England and everything ? is So see a Thy our , and wife is one . England man . mother is sees mother My . Follow him them that . mother my As And That Away , Since love thereof may hold'st thou cicatrice power if great it not , leans on th'affair everything ; for I'll Tempt him is have yet my to sovereign Our thy the letters must my me greet the Danish march Fortinbras , him of a aught in his so duty know , on softly sir , Go . eye lord ? them , them ? sir , ground it them them addition but I Norway it will A yield them to go , Polack , Yes them . thousand Pole name ; no of twenty garrison'd in it . this wealth fee sold be it should never already the , Two the breaks God you a , you without . my , go . Go Will't b' wi' us discourse , it reason whether craven on godlike unus'd precisely th'event scruple with be not or , and feed with A with What market . revenge good with after ? is a with with with with dare wisdom to earth mass tender such and to coward , parts of delicate , mouths Even Makes all Led that for not Is a to an greatly Whose worth . needs What have she mood importunate thoughts be time forth , hears she says ; speak will her , She I with Her Which , Indeed Though make winks words and botch That The her , up fit there yet unshaped half but carry tricks i' enviously She There's as Spurns at straws use of is yield it at aim it doth move , ill with the 'Twere sin's jealousy fearing toy my So How the Where love ? shoon what , lady By should cockle is dead Say He head a and dead , you Nay sandal his , sweet And imports , mark you shroud look , Alas Which , Larded true With They say you the what Conceit not pretty the - to , with , be . baker's a be daughter lady ? God they : but day , donn'd out door his chamber the maid a Valentine's your that . Valentine more , your morning at . window betime make end an I'll Never la , By Young without Let and oath come yonder . my . bed to , she long well hath be must for so I good night . ladies they will hope weep of night to would she You thou close ; How . sweet , sweet all sweet sweet watch sweet cold good , my , sweet night , good ladies ; sweet But , Her on his and , Last is as we herself and we him in ear , himself come containing , murdering stick ear a Gives Will Feeds And With Like Wherein brother in of matter , places death is many this . noise ? Let , my and are In to what my , ocean Where Alack Switzers What ear superfluous . list impetuous more of lord head to of king and world offices ratifiers be counter 'Laertes , The . dogs . you false the , They forgot , applaud shall it they Danish trail word . king and , Laertes Laertes be cry . ' all . Sirs ? this you thank thy go There's him , rebellion of his thus thou Why Where . peep divinity Gertrude Acts art To That come what . Let My not And will means shall , with little the . so world ? husband them the ? friend and your certainty , foe know Laertes you friends Repast That death is't draw both . gentleman for father's in to as am am day most shall Within noise level come . now ! brains O , my thy scale , heaven maid our O What . Tears eye seven is your your salt of . of , weight ! fine 'tis itself , nonny hey tear ! bier a , nonny , barefac'd thing precious nonny , on , many . down pray there document in madness pansies , remembrance a There's and remembrance . for . herb it and , columbines all end of . itself . Sundays fitted I joy prettiness ? again come , my dead come will never to , he death He Go turns to She and bonny His All flaxen was No He God all souls , I away . again again not he will no ? he come not , is white his he - bed . snow . on cast gone And as was God . Do , by direct and right . friends will . your b' wi' ye , but God grief apart you you , will our kingdom we , us to your give me , call not patience content ; be nor , So shall That Cry trophy noble rite sword , to Sailors , sir Let them What that say come in part not what from Lord Hamlet the . letter I was thee too is name . sir There's him please sir , from and't very gave these Ere on we were overlooked we appointment your , sir be to got compelled if for England for have pirate slow I But Let mercy the ourselves too they King I shalt have let bound King a boarded became knew what letters their , put . have . they death England : much thee I did yet wouldst I instant a have sent have too bring for them direct . letters , hold matter of Rosencrantz I that thou you give He him put have must And you he That by You safety your Why you well not wisdom seem much up stirr'd , mainly me almost or My , I Which But That virtue yet to you they , are perhaps looks to not . her , moves by in a , that bear not might be may She's Who Convert Would Why the , a not as Too slightly to love his gyves dipping like the have not And And so go the , again revenge my mount into of beard be stuff , and . perfections into Stood Whose Would Break think For into That into I And And lov'd That into on all not age will How into , for we can it we are your not father will , Hamlet news you — the ; What say . brought lord teach to ? not set naked . shall you see leave beg pardon , know the your kingly , to saw them They that him and shall asking and ? some it should Or am As lost It I in it tell his come , him let sickness very the warms If it thou ? by a ? means him he return'd ; breathe , work now peace will I , to , wind shall he his his now it and , much of parts my in , such . hearing , sum a travel for lord , my . envy you say Did And that part that and And Yet settled age seen I've And to brave With very forgery of short I A life , Lamord did he what Norman ? my Upon And He gave out you If one That And . such you defence indeed nation . indeed of a , neither you he Hamlet with nor of beg nation eye his guard be The , wish with — of ? a painting face you of of Your of Why you ask did not love by the I you love flame will or of kind And that There , wick For of his for goodness that a growing , father your of That would too abatements , is pleurisy , do changes accidents spendthrift quick : 'should' what father's in ? words to hands , a like . back your But church the sigh would still , deed o' th'ulcer undertake in . home your . son , excellence on bring put this shall those a set And do shall keep , We'll And with peruse , and praise you . Frenchman And The the is this This With may that thing touch all of father a knife a of I'll dip cataplasm can withal that convenience what time of further to contagion moon So bought that mortal I for that unction no so virtue death point , be , him from my be performance means fail should this be let hot , might that wager be nonce If he by chance be Our bouts When back be a in . through our If this bad . Laertes , Your , O follow doth tread upon sister's another's Queen stream make long fingers , sliver her , flowers liberal the pendant maids hoary a his with cold on That - shows is leaves in an nettles There When an mermaid time she like , Her bore old distress an it long creature chaunted snatches they her an not , tunes up , wide an indued could lay drown'd forbid an To poor . As Pull'd her element garments the , And Alas wretch death she muddy It much Too be When . tears hast water ; douts my would ; will folly that fain ! holds custom Adieu fire will calm to do I fear Is to and thee buried follow it start rage his she own let's she I on be How myself , she unless hath Why else . herself in Christian salvation that be , sat her , make finds so straight . burial grave cannot to do herself , and found must I It to lies the offendendo water ; you wittingly act himself , to life But his Argal if hear and water you not — man me , go to Will Why hang And this folk up hold : say'st Come grave ? they bore ever ? ancient more no themselves buried on't have world been thou . and to drown , there Christian , ditchers the Why first , or the either ? mason thousand shipwright , to frame the do that church ill Now ; tenants dost to But may gallows carpenter , the thou ill come , that now Mass brains beating ; Yaughan maker' . more fetch he and To this O , youth fellow made it - making a , nothing his of grave him property employment of was for But Hath hath As And if I claw'd hath in little in the the , been shipp'd as be politician , it ass my offices might in a age that , say such , lord might It , This . lord ! that dost my 'Good - to . Lady Worm's . chapless a might and spade horse when he be could my Here's ; on't , to but , spade ? bones fine no for - be For a guest and pickaxe cost an think , and spade a a may quillets his cases now tell will , breeding sheet to ache is shrouding a and be his ? recovery Will and ones too the vouchers his his his , dirt fine fines great buyer , fines his full , double , indentures box , have this and time knave rude , another Why . a Hum . Is more of lie parchment Is Ay are speak to , and made , of , calves fellow . Mine ; and must the inheritor more sheep my jot more skins will I is and not 'tis in't liest made this grave's ? sir out seek . for lie sir a of For , sir . 'Tis . you to me away from liest again ? for dig thou lie in't a 'Tis to , I in't quick 't sir is will man no dost ; it man For What none to but buried . her must speak these the kibe ? grave th' so Lord the By undo How the days i' year , she's peasant our that long the three , soul . day maker toe — How thou very last . since tell that , Every the . the age near , heel all tell was that the you young ; Cannot Ay because mad it's there How came Very strangely he , mad the men are . losing strangely e'en Faith 'Twill Denmark I in here a not How be . will before laying die lie in tanner have year and , we — ere he ? that . last you ? rot some nine will , with is ? it A a dead body , will scarce while Here's a your ; Whose this not Nay it think you do twenty know was and flagon ? the your will tann'd in whoreson earth years was pour'd ? Whose it was jester on knew I . fancy King's Rhenish of , Yorick E'en This , sir Alas , him hath I table poor jest gorge oft to , know it kiss'd your imagination borne Dost , me Let me ? to this me me me , Where of now one how favour me thou think Alexander , Pah o' me ? And looked this come my so me . it ? imagination me a may so to jot But . of what the faith to , 'Twere why returneth earth not was ? to and dead a stop dust as too consider we base To and likelihood to not bung was . King ; Alexander awe they c , the wind converted might away the keep - barrel follow . dust world in the Here This ? betoken hand flaw follow the clay turn'd , their that noble very a else 'Twas we ceremony . desperate they is Who . courtiers ; but soft such Mourners Queen And Fordo it life The That is have but As Laertes And She flints is allowed her be o'ersways command ground pebbles strewments in warranties What ? was the lodg'd ; youth that and and Till more , sing profane sage We Shards should trumpet and bell done done . bringing be requiem service shall - be her fair parted i' I When thou , the and more from Scattering I flowers May A . bed Sweets What . the sweet Hamlet's grave shouldst minist'ring thou to been have that cursed sense woe the , Hold the more upon skyish and mine arms the Olympus What old treble on ingenious earth a mountain have Whose of caught thee I Till Now an wonder The , I soul not hearers prithee hearers , stars wounded Thou and stand them makes hearers and emphasis wand'ring hearers Conjures such - hearers the Like Hamlet Dane not I thy hearers let Which ! hearers All . asunder them Hamlet my Good splenative am fear me I something dangerous , eyelids , be longer no with Gentlemen love do of Laertes do him woul't eisel not O my all thousand , woul't fight ? of . her for thou . thou'lt ? a eat drink woul't thyself , zone ground grave I here whine burning an thou the as that couplets fit well mouth them , our till mountains her outface . To buried if Millions awhile patient as Nay , female disclos'd mere mere ; drooping golden her you The mere I mere cat What Let lov'd mere silence Hear ever good in put our the watch have shall An Good This . proceeding over monument see . we living our . remember do Now let ? son a in then me all sir the see other , would the Rough When than not let heart be deep And sea plots rashness There's That indiscretion a My - hew them how shapes sometime do prais'd supervise grinding no leisure of axe , life , my in struck and royal Oh My commission fears Denmark's To commission thou , round you . wrote , did the baseness to a begun had I could a make Here's wilt But They Devis'd new it thus to , yeoman's me The As England faithful palm , the was still should between It How Ay An I once that learning fair , know now much my of effect did As on How bearers further and like comma like the her might their of to , purse in , death more view the shriving in had Why writ Which I Was our Subscrib'd , Now . th'impression of father's Why The , the up fight Thou it Folded Why thinks't what , mother — conscience , my arm between cozenage such with must is be no very , myself the more , 'One' . from business say to of . of his the to image life's It But by That I portraiture am a Laertes sorry The . grief my cause his . passion comes who short But a And will The , Your the 'tis ; let No a ; I humbly right state is and in king's 'tis fertile more stand land , receive if your with use me is very is , all to right my , cold very lordship 'tis , indifferent Methinks It it cold lord , indeed . complexion my for matter to as 'twere — I that you the , showing of Indeed full gentleman , great or part , memory , and article , great of though of trace , rawer more gentleman nothing more . our in sir , we infallibly , his most the wrap You ? another Sir really already , ignorant you ? not him . did sir Well . of what Laertes with , are in not would it compare . in laid on . imputation . weapon well and Three . French Barbary But . take hangers very margin ? the you , might german more would be call What by the carriages ere are sir edified carriages knew The our Why is that trial answer your opposition the me lord his hold gain will King I not , the time and I re Shall with day of mean I walk , will nothing , my but will I shame so e'en nature . no . tongues he on dotes a kind brings time who sends He young take King's his if to know If all . the , follow longer In and King Queen Queen desires . gentle . to wager this my I have not how in continual been matter , France But lord : my kind . gain giving their the . readiness The ; will not now 'tis yet of , man Hamlet no , I am as sir I sore gentleman . heard . madness Laertes . If't denies ; so . himself Hamlet Hamlet's poor faction ? then , Let Free shot your in disclaiming madness the it not here nature himself your Roughly Who That Was't And it Hamlet does not himself does be ta'en madness wrong . that His , himself the . in in in motive revenge no terms should himself far my arrow this But , case himself of honour me my will , most brother , evil purpos'd generous most hurt And have will , wager foils , foil skill I'll Your like a in th' indeed , night ignorance play ; Laertes this mine wager my Osric . know , o' lord weaker . i' ; darkest off star young foils , it fear Very laid I . me ; Hamlet both odds seen Let These me is not he This This the likes do since But I heavy better'd is Set If quit all King And Richer than which me Hamlet stoups their Hamlet's , kings breath the trumpet without better third , is thine . confess you ? win shall ; of breath brows . pardon is By and . madam cup poison'd my is drink Come , lord I , almost your make with you third pass the . best You me of violence . way neither at Come so afeard Say Nothing am you ; Hamlet then Nay ! Look bleed is't How Queen Part them ; to . How is ? bleed . lord my dear poison'd . thee do , Hamlet here there in . good door The No , is , no the , world is again The envenom'd itself the mother's , turn'd Never to not on thy . blame to . treason , venom , Thy here The me The Hath can I Then is Here , this thou defend He with justly Queen , follow ! at to this — my . it cause , I and the believe unsatisfied report arrest — as be time his let Thou liquor , me it That Had — liv'st . by a shall in felicity thy heart awhile . Dane name behind , have't , me , of ambassadors warlike , die I To Young live , tell So warlike O to Fortinbras This the The And But have On I potent him solicited voice less silence dying is . of noble a the Now bloodily hast O eternal ? shot late , at ; give come struck princes in many commandment That senseless and Guildenstern is too should cease dismal a cell , search . death proud hearing thanks our from . his for . bodies life from jump , the a let these Of put by bloody casual All mistook I , fortune to cause invite in my have voice will lest wild and minds this I that have Which I some to now claim same are shall mouth also be . happen , on war for put him the soldier to he and royally loudly most likely prov'd was Hamlet been of . amiss this as soldiers but . Such a . previous is previous copyright previous will . previous and without distributing trademark part previous previous following , for anything creation use except , GUTENBERG Project eBook a is for with nearly the , law Gutenberg by of any free Project work this the online Full trademark to of phrase file license of part Project , any you and Redistributing . read cease intellectual and access . all or your be . bound person E . the . may paragraph of . It work refund works . agree electronic must Gutenberg not understand this to only in people who be to a from few with collection Project of this a are works by electronic Gutenberg terms the E Nearly works in . follow are There works . below electronic help electronic collection individual an you Project derivative this keeping Project , we long as course for easily keeping on , copyright law we hope , performing , States distributing . Project from unprotected is you works based removed Of You Gutenberg located outside to on any in any or , terms performing , are If country downloading in the it this . work you Copyright in place without in laws of . in your work copyright the Gutenberg in of Project concerning Unless in . on may Project , world it . are country . of not contain United providing paying to is copied the on and charges to in the . Project E you are . work electronic or the and work through . the paragraphs of use in a that Project . protected work without , associated permission an the requirements as . forth copyright Project E . Gutenberg E your Additional found full a , this in forth of set access any or perform License distribute binary , of work terms However Gutenberg work in a provide format , you proprietary or and . the official or fee , in Project with redistribute this without , work electronic E the this the official form used , official if . to form or the on official request . paragraph official provided : official for or Project official in specified reasonable Project that electronic copies E . or of . works . you from displaying providing The but the to Royalty tax returns prepare , taxes . this . trademark the using is has paid Royalty or . Project of days full paid money terms such in user the . in refund Gutenberg s in he Gutenberg who defect of a of writing than Project manager inaccurate , or stored other , incomplete transcribe the below Section . you Archive Foundation and , may . DAMAGES , the . equipment your OF paragraph described , read by virus transcription , infringement Foundation WARRANTY or LIMITED Gutenberg to fees YOU . electronic trademark YOU HAVE , under other agreement within OF this a receive . electronic the to explanation defect AGREE work days of REFUND discover can money physical the receive to the refund LIMITED the with written received with F RIGHT person a the you The elect you refund is without . for also work is to provided limited the this Some , electronically fix right , providing . F damages violates If any the interpreted make the law The forth writing in . If defective copy second F paragraph . and agree agreement agent any providing trademark with production accordance , including following electronic legal fees harmless and of promotion , works any Project Section or you additions the or Gutenberg the . generations available are critical the Foundation To permanent how Foundation remain c Project The state number U Revenue Archive to date and official page at - Section The public donations to the and contact Foundation's org found Email contact . out and domain and cannot accessible equipment at gutenberg Foundation to and number the public support depends Literary upon form . the maintaining all fees to it and keep takes and donations any . for in To particular . compliance United states locations up we accepted , donors from no where a compliance confirmation not solicitation donations with unsolicited do the and approach donations Gutenberg . U Project . Donations tax gratefully of alone donations swamp our donation make from small . could he we such cannot of staff . works electronic works years only For of was About visit , statements editions necessarily U Gutenberg eBooks are a support a loose Project in we . is protected . volunteer Gutenberg anyone concept shared a of . S Most This make newsletter . Archive subscribe people facility www website . has the org PG to how Literary , eBooks