Who's answer Long . yourself Francisco , to upon live ? King the Barnardo He . hour your thee bed had am struck this sick you mouse quiet 'Tis haste is there . bid ! Dane Who make Marcellus - good you Give , my Holla , honest place . soldier good liegemen who to Give what Barnardo has Horatio , hath him is this Welcome ? piece . of . our it . seen sit . night this of minutes this eyes 'twill not come again it heaven , pole this of speak , Barnardo the myself . that's King comes one beating , burns like scholar art same ? me wonder Horatio , Mark with to . fear Horatio spoke to harrows It . like Most It it usurp'st majesty of charge it speak , speak , buried away answer thee speak look ! not will 'Tis ! something you more tremble , my God , not on't ! this ! fantasy ? I charge ! and than true might ! and eyes King Norway thou was he , armour combated ; he ! once very when he sledded Polacks on in on parle , hour watch dead the ice angry thyself : had by my opinion our know , me stalk . I eruption and strict , sit This Good So same down nightly And now Why be not What might night that Doth make Who can ; but whisper That - Sunday cast subject tell the of foreign toils mart shipwrights from labourer me with sweaty haste . sore cannon , the King , pride , us of emulate to Norway , most which known of stood gaged Against Well to on ; a by the Did , this To as , Norway lawless full , there , state our no and , the the , all to moiety had , it I hand chief take here , sir by those , foresaid strong unto of in't diet lost compulsatory be sort that but e'en so : head , the preparations , rummage other of like the land . stands with fates events , on . fierce omen earth our As even As And And harbingers the to stars Upon Was I'll soft almost preceding and me . demonstrated together coming . or , where ! again me comes Stay walk of womb thy me good Speak there may thou Which Or they of . Speak to uphoarded ! thy , you spirits the speak in ? 'Tis , violence invulnerable , cock . so gone 'Tis it offer And with Upon And Doth , Whether the present , Awake in god his that have , the , morn sounding probation , or herein . charm . clad , advice hill seen by for to we ; what will my and we speak to duty , him , us shall pray fitting upon up acquaint life eastward have in in and morn , do high tonight . him , dumb This Do needful and him find our loves , hearts our bear The yet of Hamlet and , Laertes . brother's and Cornelius be memory Though To be green in so jointress hath grief contracted wisest and , in sometime equal With to follows Taken affair , by all dear brother's of his advantage young and of , death message those us the this not Colleagued state Or Our our by fail'd disjoint our Fortinbras know late our that , which supposal dream pester For weak be with for much Thus Now most his and business Who Of To the Norway , To For further this gait , and nephew's , subject bearers business Giving , and Farewell ; it and let dilated the your these you King with The In And And not Laertes . to news , things doubt of reason What thou not the asking ? beg to more more throne The That head The hand the is Dread What Than is instrumental not From To I my though leave duty confess your leave , lord your them and My He fair you I give him it hard consent last be less my and at thy , and the still , you on kin am too thy . sun the thy hang thy vailed the thy thy thy thy Ay it it If madam , common . with ; is particular so thee the , good , black the shows of ; show of in your his obligation obstinate is . for and lost your father survivor , persevere a , Hamlet woe . father , heaven as , to dead in peevish fault some But a term sorrow will understanding impious a shows A For As Take of must 'This From Is death To And Here This As a Do In I Why , ourself all mother , eye our , madam . grace , drinks today Hamlet come ; reply a and Denmark health earthly and that self slaughter , stale resolve solid . of this an ! tell again , bruit Come . shall away shall heaven itself the , to , mother , this gross unweeded ! fix'd a would dew garden in this earth on grown would ; That seed ! How Possess grows merely months By Let Must I remember ? too ; beteem . the Heaven , within body married , A tears Frailty those , or , Why face increase a roughly fed A God , which With Niobe O My month ere appetite , my Why discourse mine my month unrighteous like more — of , in Within but , followed , my With Had have Ere left . salt no a , incestuous it break But And I I I Nor would not do . Against To I deep affair own are ear , disposition shall what But A I Or coldly Indeed Did ever father thrift , My Thrift forth ! it , lord , Horatio think , goodly king . Horatio a He I was saw not look upon think , shall I , Saw , My an With I I I I I King your father father a deliver . distill'd , act fear by with him night eyes surprised . me , fear - with solemn he , to watch This , length ; of to the dumb Where Form lord answer My it it , crew loud speak , 'tis duty , in haste strange honour'd very And at And from our But As Itself the vanish'd writ , did know it think live 'Tis , but BARNARDO . it of this . toe to . in ? you upon . constantly his fix'd like tell hundred . no amaz'd much . haste Not Longer and , when It His as A , I will watch walk itself pray father's hell conceal'd in hap no tongue , fare , loves . So ye well , sight this honour . platform an will loves Your father's then arms to you mine to your as , Our My I Till Though sit all some sister necessaries But assistant me doubt from ? that you hear hear hear hear hear waxes , hear not of so Think cautel loves and ; blood in lasting ; grow not but of Perhaps he no you besmirch this temple must is will nor the does it bulk inward wide And For not of health must the therefore Unto Then whole choice you is he of withal and In thews no will . The His for may He greatness Carve weigh'd for for Or If for May give your the is he in for fits with your credent you your voice the too As for his head wisdom so yielding . voice if which sustain his may is to he particular of list , it unmaster'd heart Then If Virtue canker galls strokes : dear withal honour Denmark chaste . most safety though this . are imminent , in youth of lies good pastors ungracious my itself , Contagious shall I watchman Do me Whilst as not wary then rebels , best path a But fear And like a steep heart of good keep lesson , brother comes . with blessing thy thoughts thy precepts . these in . memory my shoulder of , second here , not me a blessing double ? no and , do thou thou Be dull thy but , being entertainment steel tried . you . Beware in thee of no act by but may unfledg'd , with his comrade thy reserve thy with hoops of . buy gaudy , lord this my season the tend . servants my . generous ; in , your have ; take humbly The go , said you . it memory Ophelia Farewell my : Farewell Most do What . you . said yourself he audience — you so put bounteous , you . me and and ? is you as not so it do that of 'Tis time told your it in between way of understand You And behoves , his in Unsifted believe such You his not Do That Marry , are do Affection Which Or you sterling to thus hath with me of yourself I ; think tender for yourself think true more . fashion vows heaven of go , the , both daughter , to fool a know love , to of as : With almost all catch burns blood vows light more the tongue countenance given Ay the their not to your . it promise take your must You scanter than woodcocks , From a extinct these blazes heat a with may his given in him that a fire for is . of and This unholy talk your ways Hamlet : time show investments bawds with moment terms dye mere Breathing Not I to you As , Have you you you air It you I Indeed you ? What the No is struck wont ? my draws now nipping a is it ? his upspring not . then his wake , drains triumph it Keeps And Wherein this does mean , the pledge trumpet takes and and tonight his draughts bray ; is't a And kettle I am a than indeed it at perform'd marrow chances mole in of and men attribute in , As More This traduc'd us our for From some The Oft His Carrying of By in their birth cannot nature breaking habit , say Nature's else infinite Doth , form and ministers heaven of of from wicked a shape hell , or damn'd , tell but ; hearsed why the ; in . I'll Dane , thee me thee Hamlet us ! questionable goblin from , O call death , jaws this of again corse hideous , the beckons dead the ? What should it with Wherefore desire away you With if horridly why , So thus Revisit'st Look with what courteous removed . no go not will lord . ground means ? my . fee that . fear it follow it follow I'll . immortal can it , flood the . it , the every Think sovereignty deprive you very looks motive many roar reason , lord cliff sea the of the . follow go on , not Hold That puts place And It , my . go this body not . sea . the fate each makes am I . Unhand . your off . thee lets me obey not heaven And As a — He follow call'd Still , make ! say I let's him . no thou Whither wilt Must will me ? will , I I'll Speak My will will will Pity will art And for the crimes day a foul term confin'd revenge What father's of house , forbid , fires am nature - lightest thy freeze whose days the , night spirit walk fast prison my of stars start to stand porpentine their young on . must , O part be , list fretful not locks hair soul a could harrow and eternal God foul most unnatural . his To ears most most , as , foul didst thou If , the my the fat swift weed in whole of , hear ; apt sleeping , in by process ease thou But Haste sweep I unnatural wings , that or in Lethe revenge thoughts meditation May shouldst on as , youth life Denmark sting thou . thee duller given stung me ; so be my that . itself Is wears death father's . ear , beast traitorous ! Now , Ay The O to Hamlet of , will O my most was that were the there mov'd link'd heaven my radiant to poor ; angel a whose marriage a it natural it never of , stole uncle . a hour prey methinks me let Upon distilment hebenon with . of porches and alleys of , enmity swift hour such leperous it into effect through the hour So quicksilver and wholesome . smooth hour with tetter bark'd did , hour it milk posset man hour hour mine , about body ; crust eager sudden , sleeping , of , body a blossoms the crown All I , Cut No thou If O horrible ! all couch howsoever luxury the not hast Let thee , it be incest Denmark bear this of ! horrible nor and damned act , adieu 'gins - those reckoning at once ; What ! Hold ? thee table instant Remember ! his uneffectual the me to ! all observation all commandment , away the globe sinews bear , hell of I Ay And shall you saws All , thou from all trivial distracted this O That That thy book And smile . sure you , villain am least . lord . Hamlet my Lord Heaven and . HORATIO 'Adieu , have My , ho , Illo So boy . Come ho ho bird my lord ? by lord , reveal it , heaven , a be heart , my , dwelling secret . villain ne'er no ghost , arrant from come this us ; To tell he's i' in you so Why And , it your hath without fit These but heartily offend , go they sorry Yes lord . you own my for and business Look is For by And Yes offence It What are For As Saint no know . friends is't my one lord what , good tell you , tonight . is between soldiers request And poor now Touching this , scholars friends and , us , will have you HORATIO and MARCELLUS . I , have my my Upon , my will we , lord My In faith sayst hear . in ? thou We Indeed , Never Come Consent that Swear . heard upon . you sword that this of your ubique et . Then , again my Beneath And said How As as , in are Than at , meet shall we they might' , mercy , think - shake if doubtful could out : your most not you to So . Hamlet me your I O man friending commend Let lips us . go a love my rest so his of was I , your poor set it let's together . these notes , inquiry Reynaldo make , wisely did what and will knowledge come , nearer , keep more his my lord , you Marry how and , And Ay , be and , him' Than By my distant and him But part 'I 'twere well he's say . mark but ' and known most 'not ; him ; slips that rank , must , no Faith my That lord dishonour so swearing him , or , Quarrelling My You is open seem fiery , assault unreclaimed in Of my lord , would Marry believe these You 'twere party Your As The or the crimes addition . Of sir closes in laying Having , you ; does or and — about to I or then does What about He or , or And According or the By or mass or At At closes then or , I Or then , saw thus And Videlicet , of a brothel Your bait With b' God And I lord . Farewell my his . music , the affrighted . No Ungart'red his shirt a he if And as Pale so , so by , so to he And took He Then so with falls other so As would draw his He so My Mad length I lord length length And As rais'd last he Long goes me length length the the it . perusal little — length thrice a sigh so done over his length his he o' very itself , go length . help his profound up and down , lets his to shatter he shoulder eyes on King light will desperate to . the ecstasy any violent And have my His denied you to letters any given our leads oft I property am , heaven under passion . sorry of but , trifle me did jealousy the younger we hate to kept love age opinions close move might King . see Guildenstern and , that This To . to grief must Hamlet's we Rosencrantz much dear long inward heard I the it , man . you of up him to should , humour with both himself th'understanding days to be it provoke you Welcome Moreover to That since you Some To draw , much to that nor we Something nor . I neighbour'd your so by here to our that What so , to court glean living you remedy him to your to much little from to aught to youth companies , gather , thus our much unknown lies hath of of profit gentry with king's time talk'd there men he , gentlemen Good sure To And by , your the Both your to both obey entreaty We up our To lay service ourselves , be in at gentle instantly and Rosencrantz I , too here give feet . to and Go , is Hamlet from Norway of good Are . my good return'd father I to or trail , of do and duty hold to do Hunts As I as of Give as admittance to fruit that I feast to as . as bring them hath found as great that to grace source as and head sweet your and news Thyself tells His I The doubt My father's death Welcome we return first greetings of , nephew's sent friends marriage main that son's distemper . to Polack found truly whereat impotence Norway ? desires out which 'gainst , age sends brief in , Highness appear'd , shown and he out against his Norway from vow And such regards against before further quiet and think Through it an you for down . enterprise to of are consider'd upon night for this - feast business , read . at and we'll well set us more , thank Most welcome your day be tediousness , took labour : mad ? go noble son define be nothing . figure no pity 'tis all . else with is madness art remains , Perpend Ophelia vile a . mark is — mine surmise to I , from be to to it , I have love , machine ear man a But What do hath All by mine his time hath his means of me ? honourable must what table book faithful tell and what faithful But hot I me , love you think round faithful with , I , here faithful or - dumb work faithful , faithful , into into by then and wherein madness the Into And you . know fain likely 'tis this very I'd ''Tis ' , otherwise . find hid were further though , is circumstances lead the me , it . four hours , not the the the the , then daughter my fall'n poor the O , beseech him will the and behind I If . encounter be me keep But be a We , do - does Do I would I . a my me Not honest as , ten this of you my , are . lord goes ? world Honest so my , were lord true th' . sun Conception Friend is , blessing , I the if have Have you a ? walk say at first by you that may . a look harping much extremity for read . What a . who you slave my lord . lord I was said he again in speak And . this I'll beards tree gum ; For most mean the , sir . the ? I they , honesty am yet , it in't ? like a I if . backward the be prosperously is could so means not contrive , the I lord A walk be madness the air , my crab his reason which is Aside hits on him I my leave him . grave my air honourable ! that , me my lord . you save seek Polonius You to the Lord These To . honoured dear How lads we indifferent Fortune's excellent As dost ! good are the , ye earth over the very ? of is of my shoe her her privates the But you that , Fortune What . particular Then the lord , of secret parts . goodly ; being there are th' worst . lord , one . wards ? and for nutshell it , not so it bounded were in ; is a confines , nothing you to To me it makes your then dreams Which Truly , indeed merely dream I , ambition I shadows of but you . court and beggars' beggars Then I not We'll an sort man , friendship matter of honest you no , wait ROSENCRANTZ th' and To , my in Is halfpenny ; I am the what I thank Were . purpose You say Come too thanks a ? inclining me . were my , your which and . craft not sent for is and there , your sent , you of of the Queen ? end me youth with me , by what , King What , anything kind . to in know the looks good my But . teach To the you . If . sent Guildenstern , be love withal Nay you My King for . love me , your my , have , I forgone disposition ; this custom discovery moult heavily brave o'erhanging of prevent anticipation Queen lost me no feather all , congregation ; of of neither , this is what and ; Man form like yet me And , than me to in paragon your no . delights smiling how with a foul golden and to in action woman : to a , the me thoughts in said you , not my delights on man coming they are lord lord there shall , entertainment ? and way — his service use be humorous knight laugh . mind man king shall wont take Their residence travel they chances profit I their her whose his his the are end shall freely players are they ? verse o' blank in in . of was they , estimation same No comes they indeed comes How endeavour little keeps ; pace that wonted eyases , clapped stages afraid the tyrannically goose quills common the — children , the berattle their aerie they rapiers most , so pursue they quality should they — better their no 'em ? common are they Will — are on is question of wearing do writers a to while the holds cuffs went was sides that many come is wrong it as say not escoted thither them and succession both own . and on There do their exclaim much . against means them to argument bid to tarre them controversy to been has the unless no sin ? possible throwing of away ? brains . too his my do they at in this my father of and Hercules King it to fashion to . of lest , what my mad west When wind is are . you gentlemen . ear at , with be hawk - father - and a the . too yet out swaddling man old That I from you each hearer twice to child Monday morning news you . actor them Rome in . them . them is it his an them indeed so . them an was them . come are tell you Buzz each came The pastoral tragical comical actors , of and cannot the too liberty writ O law pastoral judge of , he ! only too Plautus Why historical , history or , comedy are what loved ? lord — my my . I call Jephthah not me my which Aside i' have well , love I where . young well Thy Denmark as is me God as more as see face am show most as , as lot by As , will comes like as I like you when as valanc'd cracked is all cracked masters , mistress you piece of last thee and cracked last thou Com'st ! cracked , We'll have quality We'll the cracked heard , caviare above judgements well I cracked remember digested for Come to't cracked within the give speech . passionate Come a my but , it lord What a , the it was I was , the , as play But , once , the whose matter by chiefly especially When he as his purpose , did in it the whose ominous night arms sable Pyrrhus resemble , One . it live see in let see . rugged Pyrrhus not and The blood With and and tyrannous impasted a murders like and fathers and lend , mothers the Roasted you with finds and Pyrrhus , hellish and , where His , wind , his too lord , carbuncles . vile 'Fore God , at Stoops Seeming Rebellious Takes blow we often heavens to tyrant seem'd declining blow . with flaming Ilium his strikes match'd Unequal . falls this , blow base a Which But Th'unnerved with blow , as winds hush rend vengeance as blow As blow Aroused With never And Mars's Now falls than forg'd , remorse hammers fall work , still rack against his Did bold nothing . the new Pyrrhus' stand some , you All her wheel , sword - dreadful anon proof the so him for her of power hill say heaven , gods , Hecuba Say shall for jig a 'The mobled ! queen' is threat'ning the . bawdry . long too beard to good caught o'erteemed of , seen Fortune's the bisson barefoot Run diadem rheum lank in blanket her state would all up With late That's queen' down A stood had with Pyrrhus his with mincing instant Who A The things made milch of When made , rest and gods burning them her saw passion in sword clamour burst make that not limbs sport — soon you has . colour more the the of brief ? a abstracts and report will I use them after . Use deserve , Dost thou , Follow hear me him Ay my , need study of play speech of ? could some , Gonzago a The play a insert . down in't set ? friends look welcome good . you I Now to Elsinore I'll till . Guildenstern that lord Rosencrantz To O But That A With forms his ? For him to I ? motive would cleave Had That That Confound Make the should What's his her force , and , conceit broken to And Hecuba whole , aspect would he do , nothing , I horrid appal mettled - eyes ignorant the , and with the he the muddy nothing and . breaks me does it it I pigeon the to , am as the nose made blows it - bitter liver'd take bawdy ! villain , Bloody kites for lie a dear not for a king ? life I pate across i' gall the villain me calls Plucks me off my , beard , is father ! heart upon't cursing whore revenge son my a like treacherous But Remorseless , an Oh lecherous . a ! by unpack heaven a Fie the their soul cunning brain creatures of that tongue murder observe these father ; but , my his looks If have proclaim'd it like . quick . yea the spirit devil the my pleasing The he . presently the have players , have of I'll uncle something mine . For . most Before tent know As . T'assume a of weakness shape is he Out . be I'll I course than me conscience of the the grounds , and melancholy , perhaps , my The play's thing have means confusion circumstance of quiet , speak madness be aloof sounded confession some , days himself will find would Did ? receive When does harshly he why and dangerous on feels no to well . keeps on crafty he . forward bring him with But we Most much him fell , it so way in think to have about him . I This And true , night To We Niggard play play play With And he To my To give play my , further these lord . play too here accident , play lawful . for leave shall , heart his us . We sent by Ophelia espials , may Sweet have father so he , ourselves And their I shall , judge is he , Affront that myself unseen seeing love . I or behav'd , his frankly . be for bring wildness your That And Of Hamlet's to both To — him : his your wish — I — Ophelia — I or Whether be ; more by take heart That - ache heir , by ? against arrows be in of , the that the suffer sleep , the may coil consummation to end , respect of contumely , law's the proud dreams ay of sleep and a end arms a die say a die what . of whips man's scorns there's death and long the , make fardels quietus these the might sweat of , office ? merit he bodkin himself and bare grunt traveller of , something Who undiscover'd that When With Thus fly a bear we cowards puzzles the cast moment resolution , of , all not ills whose weary his under bear death a from know life us lord of pale and turn you have currents . Nymph with o'er And And enterprises of the hue of my action , remember'd Soft their in . thy awry orisons re well for , many this ; My lord I , aught right sweet for rich more never , you of you things My ? honest lord you you ? prove . should than sooner translate honesty beauty force paradox , of . once than of a did , you lord it Indeed likeness should what into Ay you , it my thee revengeful thoughts that You put . them in nunnery indifferent , such , fellows believe Where's as give could accuse breeder not more the wouldst yet I thou them my me borne but was I better my Why none do sweet ! Go time to and ways between or thou marry for not monsters . make needs heavens of him Let chaste If fool to make paintings heavenly a you yourselves another creatures , You powers it and nunnery O on't Those no keep hath your , given enough more that are married made . me . your noble o'erthrown mad eye , I . To too of , is most ladies , And Like Now with I have seen woe O see . vows music , wretched down sword , reason Love he ? like madness . lack'd , is though His ecstasy and and , see England , with objects seas , in determination speed neglected matter Haply Thus From fashion the demand settled brains You need not it all origin do It tell shall Sprung heard grief , so , him ; him Your England conference fit please be or she be . fit . unwatch'd fit fit fit you , pronounced as I , fit , your do many if But . fit town the I wisdom best so not you lines whirlwind , use ; O pated periwig it , but all - of inexplicable fellow but fellow . Herod a of the give my robustious have warrant . Pray smoothness nothing avoid you ears . as smoothness are tame not smoothness Be , too , smoothness such hold to smoothness of the is not purpose , smoothness own the , to your but ; honour , the modesty whose Now , own , the , this cannot must one — and , there nor that not , bellowed that players strutted had so so humanity of men made reform'd they others the ; a Christian I O than hope altogether set it more reform is laugh in the let . question a necessary some For play that with , abominably quantity most ready the be laugh ambition . of play , That's themselves too to , be , to meantime on for . set villainous , this shows make ? and make hasten . lord them , players piece . service man , Horatio hope think O e'er , ho , my my withal ? flatter'd pomp thou of . fawning crook , feed dear man Fortune's thanks all , that election choice her , for thee could thrift No and the may And As Whose That That In my core , in and And pipe . blessed rewards been hear , father's of occulted that thee his unkennel not with when scene is a play . tonight , Something , see'st tonight passion's not To tonight they sound slave tonight , thee comes tonight that the of near it tonight one we him as rivet both of lord this tonight play will pay is theft , the , the Well my whilst I to detecting . seeming to heedful our censure mine imaginations his the must . I place Queen playing others and play you Guildenstern Rosencrantz flourish are They i' nothing That , of , I No mine now Polonius , my I did you kill'd good play'd not you a ? lord My say actor . capital so kill Caesar lord th'university killed Brutus . Be Capitol th' a upon here's ! ho mark lie , dear , O more attractive . lap your I mean matters ? in lap your lord my , my lord fair What , nothing to thought Nothing my merry I lord ? a twice 'tis long sables . O , let , great heavens die - horse , the two must hobby he a ? Nay there's by'r . and She She , a - very neck of lovingly is horse build devil months memory churches may and head asleep it him makes show her ; dead unto in upon him the dead Anon Lays and , carried dead and loth four the body King The She dead the this . three or love dead . dead cannot the play players : us tell what tell are You this a Is or any Full As brief woman's the your . love world have , our salt , my or . been . sheen ground , orbed times in are hearts count , and you me cheer Yet holds nothing sick from my and I , About Unite us . is great love . made grows doubts you shortly too there and kind : thou — as behind and thee love fair one world this functions in , great , breast ; be treason rest kill'd . husband kill thrift that husband me in none but my kisses now oft what determine what believe But Purpose think memory validity you we , tree ; on to I instances Are A The second respects I we second time do you , slave but the propose grief themselves or purpose lose ; joy , aye should question , or us with , our to fortunes love flies , friend advanc'd needs But who who wills and seasons Directly in And For And Our not hitherto The orderly love great 'tis our not loves hollow still devices his yet mark on fates where never you left , favourite lack begun . own , night , and heaven , food lock my that me when give repose desperation To and day be the blanks to wilt would I what An cheer have hence widow , I a and first and thy face and well me . light , beguile would I here awhile it ! destroy . thy play us between dull sworn tedious me Sweet , leave . her offence world th' ? i' what no , much too keep play is but wife Baptista that Let image unwrung nephew withers are o' in't ; jest is piece chorus , us his , Duke's the ? Mousetrap murder . The done in see and that wince one is Lucianus good are jade Gonzago . we have our to , keen . edge see damnable . off I if you a are You , are my and , Begin the rank ban natural life midnight apt , better leave , no , weeds thrice usurp estate choice love Gonzago's You Gonzago . rises very in gets Thou Hecate's Thy On murderer the The wholesome i' th'garden my lord ? Away some lights . King frighted and written Give me hart watch strucken , lights deer play some if , razed roses , the my . I O dismantled and very I'll , ghost's rhymed ? have might You Very word , ha then , king some music like not ? lord perceive the Upon For ! Come . Come very poisoning well the , vouchsafe me , music . you with whole word it not some , Sir lord , King The Ay No show should , his marvellous him in I me to your ; richer with ? sir rather his more into some . purgation to my discourse far to choler . of you great pronounce spirit me not him so shall my , I end If it of my mother's your sir mother answer , you say , you — into , such , say , amazement sequel is But admiration her go bed . ere our times with us ten mother closet her in mother's once . no ! further to there you and these distemper me love do the surely your did you ? cause do lord upon door my that How , liberty is what be , while To — voice this upon you . Will into me is is with drive you my pipe love , do toil unmannerly . my ventages and finger . it : with these are , you to harmony touch know as easy Believe I I any unworthy of mouth But , 'Tis as give . music command how seem would sound to me you thing from , you would now be me ; you compass , to my you can you the mass 'tis Methinks , cloud yonder God My Do see By the , so by Very to will and a . come and whale like a backed a whale like Or is now churchyards to I bent . and O heart Let will I Contagion Would soul do easily very by yawn quake to look lose be of let To And he give How my this speak soul be but , soul nor stands Therefore forthwith with dispatch estate doth grow not . hourly as you . you our of of shall us range will . more of your bodies . his life upon those and and strength the Dies The lives with alone What's That all Most keep live near spirit keep itself With That To To of adjoin'd small Attends the Are Fix'd mortis'd ten Arm you we will ten now you ROSENCRANTZ will ten goes haste us . to . consequence lesser mount ten , highest ten myself she'll warrant the to ten . a more and audience makes lord My meet speech And 'Tis The I'll said process nature some , To . them . you upon was tax mother's his I'll arras going Fare , it convey wisely , you that you vantage of call And mother , this I man guilt I Were To it wash Is than white snow . not , My A the stronger To And what's And pause rain twofold up ! form Forgive , Forgive murder murder queen . possess'd foul Forgive what I'll ? and Forgive world ; What action th'offence of shove Forgive 'tis What . nature shuffling But the currents and I That May one cannot for Forgive Of And true to There Offence's In out soft Yet state , heart be . new the may All ! O Bow more soul it , O that Help and sinews it . reveng'd , goes now be that send well of knees ! struggling to Make pat , he . steel . salary same father , hire blown who and in his his all But our with the circumstance . And am for thou When 'Tis To heavy Or gaming drunk him is sword is fit , asleep season'd of passage , damn'd as My may heels his whereto it swearing and th'incestuous take in him and a or of know his I purging in , in , When As come straight . you broad lay too days sickly thy but and prolongs King my , The without Words My I mother . e'en home screen'd silence with me him have Look hath , mother , you , thou , you , Hamlet Withdraw I'll have my Mother Come Go , Now hast the father thy you , go now now What's the how , Have ? tongue . mother brother's , budge me not . my can not speak ? a Draws dead How What Dead now Behind , a rash Almost O deed kill . a . rash , Take fool intruding . wretched for be better busy . 'twas , too hands . danger — my a marry and as king . lady To . Thou took to That I What noise And If If it hypocrite forehead there Makes marriage as blister oaths an rude so grace and that thou thy the such contraction . Such , compound O face at . and body soul Yea With rhapsody solidity thought so this vows doth plucks of of Is me and thunders in and , act act what picture , brothers two , Jove and command brow of of on this , the heaven seated on threaten like A Hyperion's eye An the was follows leave at ! mountain wholesome husband this upon the this blood judgement to have motion tame so ? ne'er would sure what thrall'd reserv'd for some ? quantity hoodman ? difference of ; Sense madness : love ? not you , choice . feeling O a so shame of cozen'd That ? without in it apoplex'd day - hey The But to waits And Would you step sense from this could such but melt frost canst Or Eyes To And When the And panders actively burn Proclaim . gives eyes the speak soul , as doth wax . itself own let mutine Rebellious in hell love the Over corruption rank the sty . enter an sweat tinct their . grained black such leave my into not see , As In Stew'd Nay , nasty speak Of king shreds empire the it . a from That put and diadem rule the , stole the , wings figure , by chide to , and go and lets visitation purpose dread your say . and thy amazement whet Is But step and not acting and her weakest is how do with , wildly spirits alarm and peep in sleeping , O . of thy on eye your eyes like soldiers your the hairs an the stand heat air bend you is't incorporal discourse , you life end flame Upon him His On make form Your up and . patience him Start Sprinkle you how , action you Do you pale preaching not what convert upon to to . see ? perchance nothing you at Why My look Nothing No goes even you This temperately liv'd steals as out coinage habit but ! how ourselves . ecstasy to of speaks . on what to within heaven to soul , not is , Mother utter'd have I Would Infects Repent To , Yea Assume custom , But , Hamlet thou the go , is angel a who is And use the That That that put abstinence next aptly shall on gives The kind of . Refrain almost can change more good bles'd so , nature of or to For heaven him me with but their this be be bestow must gave bad more I bid you , that damn'd out , do reechy matter let sober gib ? so do famous ape the like . from wise , him a from from from that from , from of no said hast thou of assur'd And try the To , I from be words England , life to have know concluded . 'Tis and to trust I so you on fang'd my — sweet mines their 'tis yard , sport , they Let work ; go enginer it have to own 'tis the : seal'd Alack my two most will as must . sweep the knavery marshal me bear They will delve moon one the shall night most secret knave , grave . profound understand , an ; translate as my , have a 'tis fit we them ! In . arras this , unseen old cries is Ah good Gertrude Mad Which out Whips young We mad This The rat 'A rapier had so O It have Should To man laid this us with is you kept Alas of But not like pith the body . of of , the it of owner It of of would of disease foul , base some ore of ? gone kill'd vile of mountains away ! and , this the body : touch , diameter cannon done the his away , our , miss , shot woundless discord may world's haply mean wisest in dragg'd further aid , our up to friends do slander what untimely And what's And What noise , you us Compounded where Within ? with Do bear And done Tell of , be ? it own not sponge should keep authorities , last : you , when for King's of you , knavish understand and officers — I can your and sponge made by ? he . be his , my lord , the but , ear — is the King with body is thing but the lord Hide me you glad not my lord us and go with foolish and to I Who have How not in their sudden the where must sent it him strong distracted the this law their is and seem smooth must but goes to man put so sending ? now Or desperate By How dead We the Where hath bestow'd from get is , my Bring lord body But Guildenstern where guarded him , Bring in . where's supper At ? Polonius , supper . to king all your but to that hath fed ? progress may a dost with that a is Polonius beggar of show thither i' him within , stay we as — done thine hast thou dearly thyself . come especial for deed quickness fiery , tend . the must . him . there help safety send hence — Hamlet that is bark Th'associates tender England wind For , them that mother Follow so , man father mother Tempt have seal'd and done aboard ; one is . make you Pray tonight , Hamlet wife my is and . foot at not if great England That else love thou hence thereof looks thou imports . sword us of hectic in my , done , he I joys cure present Pays sovereign Danish the Since , on th'affair at free thy and at ne'er were know . rages Do Hamlet my Danish a greet license , eye . Tell We Over his kingdom the that his the , him Go , me conveyance Captain express let so him If his will And sir , pray Poland you . these powers of purpos'd How and nephew of the would should rate ranker Nor five hath ducats the Polack , and in , yield To and souls not Two and the and This Will and , already defend fee garrison'd shows humbly you b' I . my ? you occasions and market . A , his , more man no not of beast gave reason — it us Now after and chief sleep that before us , or I but . and too live oblivion thinking , dull my his If he And Sith I yet have To Makes mouths , all fortune and event , dare , great danger unsure straw quarrel Rightly and death without How . stake in a be , charge prince to stand and to my of twenty trick and , beds fantasy imminent And Is eggshell what an greatly father my find not for , my , the reason to To Go their Which hide thoughts be Whereon slain is graves the sleep not tomb like O or from , the will be ? forth . heart her beats in is and doubt , hears distract her with at doth they to botch carry but the would words hearers winks to And Which were make her Let Though her Indeed nothing good The now , be jealousy artless in itself sin's to some as one ? hat and true love . your his From — green grass his head is dead gone pray what sandal imports Say He is He a a heels but mark the here , you Ophelia flowers , the with all are , They you sweet showers the but you dild what , God of but . baker's . lady - not owl may pretty say know words is in Tomorrow And rose donn'd Valentine betime Valentine's morning Saint All a door a you say , no day window chamber And in he To up , Gis by Saint oath the be Then the out . more maid dupp'd and By , Cock Alack done yonder by to , sun are if fie How before to must lay you good hath long would well you . choose . night I , O . death father's of good , ground counsel good , pray Gertrude grief But We so ; I close ; the this her is . gone and Polonius' herself him their and inter pictures or we ; to her fair First good her deep single ; whispers slain most he father ; as infect in ear death France containing secret much are . Poor done greenly , his beasts . but we and from all mere in , his matter Gertrude dear piece Gives the , my matter Let not flats , ocean young Save The your offices as Antiquity and were in rabble now but a of his lord ? list ? is yourself . Laertes . to shall every known call not king , begin him riotous , custom props , we tongues Laertes applaud , dogs ! The forgot world The , Laertes , lord Danish cry word be , shall hands cry ratifiers Caps O , 'Choose They and it doors Where I you , pray let's O , the . my will leave . all ; harlot bastard the me . unsmirched vile . you Keep Give , me good . true of to that's , true so the between true Let thou art thus , true Dead father ? true go him . true of Gertrude but peep — me is him the , to point give I not Vows to I'll this only I'll to with ! reveng'd I the , allegiance hell I you If And That , dear Winner will know , not what will Laertes writ both death you but Will enemies world little . the , far with I'll go . certainty . then ope my ; life the Repast , you thus kind you grief arms , it , father's a and child your in to judgement 'pear , times . come noise of seven . salt , weight maid's of shall possible old man's eye virtue , 'tis itself . where rose ? fine life , sweet and instance on bier by May , an it , hey , him down - thus didst and tear ! dove many , well It it becomes - wheel , rosemary A document madness in There's for is that's rue . when end died . would . give say here's ; And fitted They he favour , but She Thought was never was as will to , And will will , No He we All not thy Go not not And he come he not right of not Christian God souls O God ? not soul God , and Go wisest judge we and all 'twixt . this see I whom our , satisfaction ; lend to you content your jointly labour life touch'd crown Or They find us If Be And To in they trophy I must as So you shall let is be rite his 'twere so burial o'er ; you sir . they are noble , to Cry What God , sir , bless Let be I I if please , th'ambassador was that , 'Horatio to should do not know you greeted not from let thee him let bound a let . we were Ere They the put appointment let us a instant ; have . have to got on let I sent did bring fly they , let him am let have They shalt thou they King as have they became their prisoner they these compelled . for they . On . what the of of alone they knew we have they they they will good course . these thine may brought that for my way to much To will your with England for their hold Guildenstern I do't conscience me your from Sith you he Pursu'd my and in heard hath you proceeded well That which It have appears not But wisdom , capital so against . mainly Why As by must Now and safety yet to by , O almost your life me feats in , mother his unsinew'd up stirr'd were reasons , his motive sphere — much all him bear go , but other gender count but not Is , great all love his for reverted I a had noble where the gyves graces that to into praises may I have sister But mount aim'd bow stone to wood loud that in their wind . come flat pastime made sleeps with danger dull , must . age , again the all go back think and . not shall shortly of our father hope I , lov'd are not That And I that it let we were to , given lord . kingdom , shall I first Tomorrow 'High should asking sudden more to shall Leave mighty your and mean shall Of , that Claudio brought . He naked kingly am hear you leave them . them eyes I set come such know pardon strange the and thing the occasions ? back rest ? But his heart . him . ' , means ? peace , fall shall breathe ; so practice my , rul'd of in sum unworthiest pluck and shine Hamlet's since it . be you together , Your him lord , A As And they say been that You have right your quality , parts a from my ? youth livery horseback well can Here needful in and his of youth , it that the for his less no Normandy the seat natur'd horse , Two , brought So far topp'd demi what was't A Norman Upon my A short in brave As Had they such I've seen myself And And had on He beast With the he in't witchcraft That to Come he For art know The . in all gem exercise and He gave And he one Now Your Or sudden out this , is begun think Why A Time qualifies within or is of nothing wick that And But that I I kind lives There Dies place To Hamlet by this yourself throat bounds keep know shall varnish on praise you are together , practice , may so He that pass anoint will I Requite unbated sword that of unction for I'll a knife a . my virtue , my I'll mountebank in it your purpose , all moon but It contagion our convenience this of death gall time of our through further drift Therefore , think . hold me let project should think If this that your , cunnings that hot think end and are prepar'd think see , think think sipping there hold I'll , bad might sweet tread , but whereon , violent motion on stream . purples , brook a , long did a fingers call . spread tunes her , and men's envious coronet weeds sliver Her her - element chaunted weeping like . that that her . Pull'd Fell But . our cold maids the pendant on There to the When hang . she incapable a the her . of native own snatches they , awhile bore her heavy . long of creature wretch she death . is drown'd , thou , But holds , poor To , Alas Ophelia , these that . fire douts When , fain it her tears hast forbid nature my ; I what of , will custom Adieu out be to this Therefore will had Let's speech this , do I ; his start to she be unless she and therefore salvation own Christian buried , her make drowned it she wilfully when burial own her . to perform and lies , the hath and do , goodman . wittingly , that can sat leave to this Here . water drown water ; himself But good stands and he good she three act an , argues else act that is you . lies the , Nay is go marry But is't , Ay — mark crowner's law burial that been . drown death own law buried , this thou there countenance , in truth on't say'st been to . my more hang drown spade dost a If is to What - that The in to wit It well gallows thy ? does well stronger those good well built , a To't the that or for he well mason unyoke or . come than is gallows Who builds Marry , about ; thy more , can I beating . In youth when ; Methought it when last till your houses fetch time was . Has this To feeling of grave little ? it hath the . sense he sings . that the clutch , steps daintier land , did that . never into the such once jawbone politician , 'twere if if ground might tongue , it had I , been as offices one sing a could How which might dost that ? lord , not ! but the , of is meet his cases now him his land of double tenures sconce his of vouchers than inheritor very too double dirt and recovery , with of buyer his great ? the , fine ones of , purchases of more and Ay , calves and , lord more sheep calf assurance Whose — thine I lie and say it guest ; quick for to be guest the dost 'Tis guest guest guest For woman then guest What dig none man thou no For sir , but ? us One but How undo but that age th' long but How I is Hamlet heel the . By is grown a but o'ercame Fortinbras to't kibe toe years speak that but he so , Lord the ! the been it near , Cannot young you , no shall that tell . Every born was marry , mad , wits . matter there as say in 'Twill ; How he . men mad the mad , pocky last in tanner laying i' , ere man have nine keep . is three And is , a Here's water dead A whoreson . body a rogue think of , skull King's jester on lain was it the flagon pour'd Yorick poor , skull pestilence Alas Let me Alas Horatio borne your I know Alas My a of how thousand Where that own tell one , me Alas tell Alas think she lady's Alas to , i' o' E'en so thou so ? th'earth Pah this fashion . not find Horatio bung . curiously died dust , thither ; converted it stopping Why to consider ! return till of 'Twere Alexander loam and the To noble , lead it a that , Should But ! Caesar a loam to But as . him clay world winter's their that , is ? follow . in the ? doth he earth Alexander not . to wind comes Trains . awe ! kept flaw mark of did Queen aside King estate betoken ; Mark was the lodg'd charitable unsanctified . ground great and pebbles should , on thrown her , doubtful have her burial bell last should warranties have Till Shards maiden Of no here done service dead rites prayers home , priest , flesh her to . sister howling liest I . minist'ring When . and shall churlish fair What have have the Hamlet's been thy grave deck'd ; Farewell wife Scattering thou bride And O deed Hold more in sense head woe thee upon off caught Now To of pile Till this whose and phrase of makes This Dane the Hamlet - an What wand'ring wounded . pray'st not Thou him take I Grappling wonder I For though wiseness I Yet Why , I fight lord my O will will , What thou mad wilt all my eyelids ? love for . forty of Laertes forbear Make up sum Ophelia quantity thousand thou'lt a here , prate with her woul't pate with Woul't ? woul't For show God woul't love woul't , eisel thou leaping in woul't fight up Dost me if And woul't patient the mere the madness Nay the till and , to whine woul't thyself , woul't . his thus ? day , no he have may matter speech monument shall shortly we our have watch be shall , patience in to , wait , see lay fighting of Rashly . was my , remember sir Now the a the in let Remember heart mutinies me there lord let You for this than the be Our rashness indiscretion not in would it serves us we will certain cabin most That - their room , to unseal , them in the them them them them . struck them no goblins leisure ? more of the possible — make : hold our and do statists labour'd as , fair , write begun A to It did forget new the a that to baseness once had Or me effect service it Devis'd did could Being I such these now much my lord King might amities garland . from conjuration As love And Not my that signet in father's that even in the of the form ; the Now next day of it the what know'st fight never : changeling sea So Folded and . Why Which Between dangerous near my own baser to plac'd Rosencrantz and they not are man Guildenstern th'impression . make the conscience love ; insinuation their Does Does Popp'd not that quit in To him To hath kill'd such , it with out between thee king a thinks't cozenage angle , th'election for is't , stand my not ? be to proper and king my our . is to . the to am It a But That will Peace The And life's I portraiture by Laertes of forgot , favours see . waterfly beasts , say ? He and thing impart a as , of ; I . your bonnet 'tis me , 'tis I right your is , the hot . his . as — Majesty , Sir me sultry bade very very is lord lord your his , Methinks indifferent believe No great wager is it my cold head , I beseech mine he the , is what society me for is this in , and the of quick . diction th'arithmetic great of sail his trace soul his , and speaks to make and I calendar part in who him and yaw , neither as else is such his take in definement , rareness mirror The possible Is't not concernancy sir What His not in faith . Well me yet would are confess you approve ; know I already , him ignorant , you ? with compare should to know meed , but the man for in his ; know that not ignorant You I , to The which I , take with it fancy , the poniards against . most , Three the of had margin . you and of very responsive six six French to . liberal and to , are could . Barbary the hilts done Danish it call bet their passes you trial hath a if in He dozen your as assigns the . three . against hangers the sir would six it be till if , cannon Six carry and But ? you between on trial the , him if can it is hits brought the so will ? e'en - sir , I re ; your . lordship I Shall nothing to are shell no your nature on bubbles brings , Osric hall you and through of . the his has a the Thus with away runs before same the do out them or follow , King's to are yeasty , he most , by young the time if trial age . take . to the Laertes with play him and commended that Now . the to Laertes now I provided now now . time some fall you In to well wager now lose She now here about now good : but But into odds Nay my a . it . as giving matter I , me this no think how continual ill in will kind not been gain forestall it The is't he leave hand ; providence fit not There's . and , hither dislike , come come are I in me . have . wrong take I pardon't knows I nature , might sir . I , be If't is evil so Laertes does not Hamlet's , faction Laertes not does then poor Hamlet And Let I To my I satisfied . voice precedent and stir terms , nature in your from far shot in o'er . time offer'd offer'd ignorance , offer'd . darkest th' ; Laertes offer'd , one Come Give will offer'd embrace foils offer'd for off , young well them No Very o' the Hamlet side . this the You know my lord ? length a . table , breath ; fire throw of of of he better of second third the to of Hamlet's their shall drink of an union shall successive the kings cups speak me Give . worn kettle have crown And let the to judges on lord sir Judgement A Stay very me very very , very I'll Here's . very drink very to ; Another . touch Our fat He's bout this Come A The I to thy win . Hamlet carouses madam drink Gertrude . Aside And the will Aside . the Come I make a wanton but my now face . hit him . 'tis I am way Laertes scuffling at ; I , Nay them in neither . now you you ? are , ho you it you , they wounds you and you incens'd ! come Part you Laertes ? own is mine own , Osric Hamlet dear poison'd am . the Let ! the , drink ! door out thee do , can not envenom'd rise to Never no Then , The . itself Unbated . friends , off . Drink yet O more . The me incestuous He is a Follow potion murderous union . thee not Nor forgiveness is justly poison defend me come me make Heaven and Exchange I Is strict but look thee father's my ! follow , Horatio and audience at , adieu . believe left , than . me and cause I Horatio or — be report — mutes O I , act I'll man it my am could , Dane by ; th'art wounded in behind , heart awhile me hold thee harsh noise tell world , Let As liquor . some Here's yet . good thus what a breath , pain from gives . my spirit England : lights news do to o'er warlike ambassadors my story ? is conquest with voice less . crows . volley dying Good drum . occurrents the the a flights does the Why cracks Now And Which him But On What aught If Where or cries feast many , shot a . thank bloody death you to for this and commandment jump Polack , that you these the view yet , England . their , mouth his should Not Where upon life from , unknowing give order wars so the from But Fall'n the Of carnal , on in Of accidental this For I from Of And me , sorrow haste deliver . heads All . the . the to my whose shall to now Which some also plots , presently For prov'd most likely like , Hamlet let I of claim that he loudly soldier he for of passage shows shoot amiss a ordnance is peal put on after editions U by — copyright works United this of the previous the editions renamed can protected paying Use Project it by and use following trademark and part for and in copyright copyright in protect and to works electronic and the easy . and the of copies You may modified and , for complying United . to subject redistribution is research not with States reports eBook works ANYTHING be protect To any , Gutenberg you . agree work Project , copyright . license License of the Gutenberg the file or electronic . to Use and org this all using by associated or Section trademark terms copies , you may electronic must Gutenberg fee a set as you registered forth a copy not to or intellectual to works terms with most can complying even . There the a if lot without that be things agree . to or Gutenberg Project of this electronic and trademark in full follow access E Foundation . Project of this Gutenberg the individual collection with a few Project who be are works people by There terms Project the to below the can you agreement this of do below with preserve are terms in , of Gutenberg keeping You with of by Project the Gutenberg creating to will access in same format with its it without others Gutenberg Project mission . based works works associated . constant you a in compliance Gutenberg with of with you with the this attached of If in you based works in on to charge where this terms Copyright full Project with keeping by of States also License . are performing must any displayed : Project the work copying the terms work or no to , this makes . License links references Project have country concerning the phrase , the Project whenever The . on . contain a . texts notice , www at the of derived . of are protected that it U Project you use almost distributed anywhere cost away with will before . posted with law work eBook you this . check online laws . If eBook - re org or and copied fees the work distributed the with any is be providing permission either . trademark with the . E as forth of of in the paragraphs individual the the of of this work or detach or or unlink this E posted linked comply permission with terms permission Project use obtain will . Do or any work terms work displaying display associated with this electronic Project perform , distribute a full Project of without , of in this this part copyright holder . containing the remove Project any full to form format work distribute . nonproprietary links prominently marked , word any full the . gutenberg . you Vanilla Project official or ASCII a a unless or other , Project Gutenberg You . specified Any of the in any E fee from derive . calculated gross : Gutenberg for E or original copy , in method he but , to the this taxes profits electronic works . E , to . Gutenberg Project of fee royalty to of donate Literary days should Literary be clearly your date marked tax . each Archive prepare Foundation the Project as on applicable Royalty royalties to use of under which such of Section to the works must not writing provide or agree by e such require refund , in you of of in , use copies You the License You all a does electronic You with If . the the set forth . F . Project Project in distribution you for any money receipt of a . Section on these which data such and U do copyright research efforts they to a , transcription , Despite copyright Archive obtain on different the manager in employees , Foundation may copyright computer , limited in and , defective Refund be but . S the , identify Gutenberg , corrupt or electronic works not protected collection , cannot computer infringement not as property , liability F other . in . RIGHT within any received work it , REFUND money , your written defect . this work person elect the to provide The OR it return or entity give may , receive is also is work providing paragraph . F . F . to opportunity the second or lieu F . Some warranties limited you you - agreement invalidity disclaimer agreement this of certain or of right any law shall any agent indemnify - owner You to be of disclaimer If the or by of damages . agreement permitted to this agree , with accordance the trademark works deletions Mission b cause arise any employee of of liability , work Gutenberg legal in Section electronic to you . Information formats life volunteers distribution Project widest variety computers donations . the with to critical that financial ensuring are in to walks - by readable of provide the generations Project Gutenberg provide was of with about volunteers In , see information efforts for they efforts , people the and and available support To . goals from come created the the organized Project page Gutenberg tax gutenberg . Literary a of Gutenberg exempt by the Archive non federal by identification help , Foundation Literary Project and future Gutenberg . org profit - your located Email at the at gutenberg to . Donations be found Project . granted tax laws - at information , USA . can the to federal office www contact website . donations of up . about Information Section Gutenberg Literary . the Gutenberg org Project . survive accessible Many maintaining with not are donations all tax . equipment IRS confirmation do not We written donations it of . states fees many Compliance is to charities , equipment freely The these where against met the solicitation approach cannot us with not the much paperwork uniform meet to and . of solicit www accepting visit do status received . compliance donate know such . donations swamp , laws a was : payments Gutenberg Project . the including ways the have any United Please are outside donate and . are Gutenberg freely Michael Professor are Project S , Gutenberg in are eBooks For electronic the Information visit , Donations gutenberg Gutenberg electronic donate are of . in card org that he , credit Project are the produced any . gutenberg . website which often information facility people necessarily . U . editions often Most of shared all volunteer copyright at often to includes help make to , Foundation including often often about Project to often subscribe email newsletter how website to new Literary to