Nay Stand , Stand ! and King Stand Stand Stand Stand ? guard Stand mouse I And Stand relief You carefully upon your hour . Francisco you ? Barnardo ? there honest . soldier , good night . good , what Horatio Holla , us With this will thing seen 'tis not Therefore And What we so us let are , may He Touching down assail have our seen nights against , once Sit Where now Peace the ; like not Thou it a same art the where to with ? again . dead King . night , buried . away ! speak charge ! I not will answer . pale parle hour at 'Tis once , martial In down some gross the With This , So And Why the daily But now bodes in sit same and tell thought and strange Doth And such mart not be toward Who least to the this this ratified Fortinbras with compact , him of valiant pride us Hamlet Norway , lands conqueror competent , Fortinbras which ; of which our list , to some appear in't doth hath As But to compulsatory of , our lands , other state hand it the I , resolutes and , there young here and full , is which foresaid strong and rummage in chief land so the : the , dews the mightiest and Roman moist the and ; fire in of and star events , on the together harbingers like preceding the the trains graves A In most ere tenantless stood squeak to to sick Upon Was whose soft cross If I'll That to there it Which happily , speak art Or Extorted if thou , and my Marcellus of avoid life , Stay with here ! will 'Tis it if it do We To it offer . gone show , being , air of the And It cock the This It our say Wherein of then , Some the Th'extravagant confine singeth dawning fairy the heard wholesome , no then hath power no spirit night dare the time stir clad it advice . tonight life him . with will upon to and morn part high we up , yon , for in , witch so dew of do and nor look o'er But So Walks we speak and , impart my , my our in , you spirit loves we shall pray To shall find him Attendant it our with on , this to sister sorrow one that us kingdom , him , in eye one weighing funeral one we far hath contracted in , Now Your jointress remembrance Together sometime with we Therefore Taken to equal In better wife ourself much for father and uncle we time meeting him . writ here of us out Fortinbras , of our hath Lost To His The Out Of this of his of business Farewell For further good to , and full You with dilated greeting this your further Giving To In these You told that And That offer , the mouth duty leave of , them thoughts more native to heart Than , Dread France , fair I show To Aside A thy little . now is still hang laboursome my He so , much than last at hard , the , for And best graces spend it and , you kin clouds less it too thine thy ever nighted my Good for like a eternity thy with If ! inky is in thy cast , Hamlet common to lids . die dust it ? be is through Passing Why with common particular moods These shows breath black , cloak it solemn of suits it I , the man the and within actions denote they can are all Together No that 'Tis not alone my fruitful but 'Tis Nor suspiration haviour that your father , obligation must Nor with me duties your Of , a his unfortified stubbornness most a and impious obstinate . and to should any what To give you But lost filial A for a mind be to To A it Why . is simple 'Tis course , as impatient unmanly , fault whose who he till corse first , of , Than a This 'This , must so , let to of love , note son , beseech we in Our I pray going chiefest I back retrograde cousin lose thee , Why unforc'd of , a accord in drinks Hamlet to not prayers best obey my all Let not thy mother as Be in . that cannon rouse this jocund speaking the But and clouds shall flesh Everlasting the , ourself in heart too - Oh on't O shall today Denmark the and self weary But That earthly had God world to was loving satyr might he That So merely fie ! rank so this , and to much 'tis flat an and that ; That dead , to my of hang face and A , that , more with body is she roughly a to a ; Why too not beteem the would — father eyes , sheets ! father's those followed she Niobe Like With , nor for come galled tears . my to cannot good ! lordship , dexterity in incestuous it . brother longer but . wicked to heart the Hercules speed not the salt of such her must your to my O glad am to or I you forget The ever my , And , friend name that good your I see Hail servant Horatio , Marcellus what same from good see — Sir lord , Wittenberg I'll make faith A , disposition hear Nor But very not . you that truster you , you My would shall ear report . lord even Wittenberg no father's funeral my truant do you affair mother's drink to is . it yourself Against deep see I prithee my ever see father , thrift Did My see Horatio forth my methinks Where I met the see eye see I my my father . see meats . day lord a again see . my him man once take was he mind's , not He My lord My For nights Two This attent together waste Barnardo to till may deliver while a , night on these . their the , gentlemen like - walk'd eyes , fear This to , surprised solemn march , pie he we watch ? it to where . not , lord are upon These apparition the of , as had deliver'd , both in ; it , then where I And My once haste sight And the none even But Itself Did made answer It lifted the And at As do sound vanish'd , did To think let my know , We , indeed MARCELLUS do Hold Arm'd or , look'd more Pale sorrow than red you Nay very much would very been eyes upon very very . very tell very . saw't it . when very . in it seen I Perchance I I warrant will my , though If bid If I requite you me Let And the platform your eleven So , silence pray hell noble shall fare ye . farewell you : honour . sight All the foul deeds ; and tongue night not ! arms play , earth father's My Though all my : to benefit . sleep not embark'd , that hear Do the and the permanent and more so but No , violet a , convoy And youth youth doubt ? in , suppliance youth of ? youth . of youth it No youth youth waxes soul and doth not nor his to choice his of of nor that he nor be circumscrib'd depends , own : his fear now loves is nor on nor voice and yielding says he body it nor treasure nor , so do so ; state place further no so honour your of list your you loss so too with lose your so keep you the not to enough strokes disclos'd infants beauty so danger chariest her maid fear and of Fear and and and As and Do watchman me heart and then , rebels shall th'effect some and and this But ungracious primrose the Whilst I Be wary itself my to of reckless own But of path puff'd his not . grace father second , of , memory no tongue shoulder Aboard a the in sits for Occasion O , fear me , for my my There few wind double smiles Laertes precepts in thought these Be Give each man th'opposed but unfledg'd palm beware but , soul thy hast do new a may and no thoughts thy , familiar thou that as fancy apparel and a the rich proclaims best friend self of and chief rank , generous man ; that in be any husbandry . day itself lender edge borrower loan it Farewell my : humbly must follow all Thou canst And time invites Most The you said my yourself What So Marry me please is't said you late yourself oft : to ? bethought hath , way do behoves Of understand of of a . green tenders . truth clearly 'tis been to most and as caution speak , his in Unsifted ! Affection He is it not his such , tenders perilous like affection my lord You you believe not Marry do I Do Or , fashion countenance blood : extinct in this higher maiden For a at your fire a - the both daughter know prodigal . I do , soul , these heat take . that as for scanter something their must not promise Set so with much a in him parley he is young walk are . ways your come ; shall charge I , talk my you terms the moment leisure Lord . lord very is of think What hour an eager air cold shrewdly lacks . the , reels drum and he doth this mean tonight his thus Rhenish ; his my lord ? down upspring draughts drains kettle Is , custom . a I , than of indeed nature not . height swinish other and the attribute men are forts too that ; much — habit , the complexion mole , mole mole dram undergo grace mole , take , as mole one star I , Being mole else , infinite — be they a of corruption man man evil comes man own censure The man may general the man , lord scandal man or I'll . such , com'st a of ministers my thee Be Thou in call thee me , jaws this , answer or grace health goblin blasts , tell but shape , do we , removed what , more go no with , courteous alone away beckons ? go did a some you impartment it means I my will not by life toward summit I'll sea base forth me tempt waves It assume might more your some dreadful to The draw hears so Without if Which And very That And That deprive madness into puts motive roar beneath . sea , the into , looks to fathoms many Go not shall As am — each you your go heaven By Let's And hardy I ! He ; follow . rotten the to not fit imagination thus 'tis what it follow . Denmark of , will Mark me . Speak thou wilt and come poor thy bound am I , what I shall ! serious to when thou , thy term father's to , crimes foul a . in the And for Doom'd flesh of If Like each this two could and a up thy and . blood thy foul thou But knotted and the hair particular didst the , as weed fat . hear . love the ; wharf , father's noble my in on sleeping thou did by Now know that Rankly Is The O but ; wears Mine prophetic , incestuous , to falling a most , Hamlet , won with , decline will be lust . vow bed , to were it in it to court But , natural celestial morning , pour in stole a thy the Sleeping cursed of . itself in be me let Will ! virtue a on prey in And soft Upon my So My of secure in afternoon , orchard air . in With And Brief always in my within vial , courses ; body doth the man , loathsome once a about , dispatch'd ! head to queen crust my of , my bear royal thorns to Against prick and sting those thy mother thy not Let If couch howsoever luxury horrible imperfections reckoning O all not the for Taint And - And Adieu Ay distracted ghost , from fond of trivial globe this bear me poor Yea All And That of up . my live heaven by , shall ! set smiling the Within wipe observation forms while Remember thee memory records volume and commandment all , saws thy and , book villain . tables may I adieu have you it it is It , At That one O Meet I 'Adieu . Within , lord Lord bird , come Lord . Lord ! Lord my him . be , Come Lord So Lord is't Good , No How , heaven MARCELLUS , lord , my in . Denmark all , us lord the knave more right so it There There's Ay ghost an grave you part all from the this i' hath you , pray Saint Yes much is And an There's are I'm sorry by me Never make HORATIO you MARCELLUS . soldiers scholars ? request poor one my lord . seen we but In faith my lord faith I . swear't , under the Cries thou there the . Art fellow stage so Consent to hear sworn , upon you oath , this Beneath Never Swear speak Propose the et Hic ubique lord sword that you my of And , day said Here How as therefore but earth . help philosophy and stranger think myself bear shall soe'er antic seeing this - shake phrase , head could some 'We on meet if 'There or ; ambiguous to . we note help most this do you to be of or at grace giving . your out — and , they might' if , me commend rest Swear . And do May all still The . a spirit and know you That , Rest willing this money born joint go right spite Hamlet is , Nay , And Enquire My lord I said and . it . well at what Danskers where finding they Paris Look means very ; in inquiry , him Of first said did intend what ; keep sir , you and ; Reynaldo , ' well Ay part , and As are ' and companions ' , Ay Quarrelling , or drinking drabbing ' ' My , lord no ' ' gaming youth , swearing the on that . blood fiery faults scandal to open is he That must You That not put another assault of breathe incontinency ; mind ; so his a the good taints unreclaimed you I lord , these slight a sullies good , good lord good warrant . son drift fetch good on you prenominate the be or 'gentleman' — good or man country this in phrase the good ' seen , him sir You Your And does , I to sir — By , sir closes youth The At 'friend mass with 'closes , in At say then There you with say he was gaming such thus , say him enter out saw say falling so this carp say of . See you say , say , out directions assays of , say we by . my indirections By With And 'I There Or , Your my Shall b' wi' you have have , my lord . his former lecture in inclination I . his ply my lord Well let him matter ? I lord name God ? affrighted so of my all was have in , Ophelia My upon the , With Alas comes . thy been so , other purport in loosed piteous knees , he , look had What wrist such the the , not do He with And little of stay'd of his ; so arm , arm , his Long thus his As end , leads will under fordoes will his without , shatter waving and his lets their light the , late , words but any any you my good have , What No I am repel him made did given as lord afflict does as letters denied and our in ourselves common as is fear'd with him and judgement jealousy . proper grief must To is meant had to known it . cast . which than hate kept Guildenstern see did close , it inward ; th'exterior father's Moreover Hamlet's hasty Our Resembles More I Welcome we sending it Of And To As For the us thanks such our a fits supply Your As your much with so to more I he To . two men If it not will , awhile good are us you of give up Rosencrantz and Guildenstern . in , of your you . of to our , to and Go , you presence I beseech at freely service To gentle be , Guildenstern gentle him . is good father you hold my my liege mine : good , lord . good my else — do of speak O My As shall that admittance be news death marriage ! Norway . brother desires our , shall good my , we Welcome shall sift o'erhasty the it father's His Say shall , Well shall what shall That shall was But It On To shall Was Fortinbras th'assay , and , and ; he he , age , out brief , truly griev'd , Polack the Highness hand , fine , obeys sends from rebuke vow , Gives it such for , herein this and . allowance well we'll down Polack employ overcome against give safety set upon your night we'll time likes regards the , pass quiet shown further your therein us you might As On Through That And , rest your This Go Meantime Answer to thank Most liege should night , time , at all , figure foolish . pity . mad true is mad . madness . art , I farewell let And Or effect and daughter a have I me this . a phrase , vile Perpend by this And then him grant out the defective the have and Now idol most the Ophelia you you you you a doth will her you faithful . to art have , this most whilst , O numbers you these , machine , Adieu I Doubt dear most love am that But do mine his of ? solicitings show'd not reckon believe ; place , the that , book think wing , might what , what , thy , winking herself And , I with I from my tale fruits the — winking And What Or winking look'd had think Majesty given dear you ? play'd winking young If And my my I winking 'Lord Hamlet must winking is . should no That This a lightness madness And the repulsed watch she sadness then thence and . raves this a wail very this wherein ? that , it When from Take That such , may there this Hath been positively time have a Within though , centre , together . him . my loose he does indeed then to , daughter . thereon reason he her arras love . and be where him board does do O good my . God you beseech the , comes ? my . fishmonger , Hamlet How Excellent Well you Then honest be know well I sun as That's ? one a honest Honest were my lord world ten true of lord . is to my thousand in very a carrion maggots daughter Conception . Still for is daughter blessing a Have you dead , as ; but . extremity He he very lord , Yet far What . grey amber wit lack that purging ? men . and down set thick , you a my , I though of thus ? it most his . daughter and pregnant which leave hits How him . you my him between . delivered be prosperously happiness out walk out of , backward yet air method and and part willingly . to seek save Hamlet my , you fools old lord ? of thou , dost lads Good cap we in Happy As most indifferent that My good Nor children are are O her , about you live waist , the good sends . Then is my but most ; true the you she , my true . hands dungeons , worst is the there you one it bounded for so th' , there me To in it were , dreams To , ambitious To Truly To , To is ambition bodies so airy To light it that To and . fay my by , is I for But ? court reason . ROSENCRANTZ we beggars such am it justly . anything of confession in your purpose What me am you beaten lord , even thanks are poor my ; thanks dear it a too inclining Come come should . to I know what more you by obligation the the me to enough must fellowship me - ever me by you me I tell and me your me , Nay then . My lord King so we ; to secrecy late this ; excellent appears . like of , world of What faculties an angel dust though ? lord , you , receive you I then there the players shall lord did think that ; shall knight adventurous are if my gratis the and the clown sigh shall those such freely , or they — the tragedians halt ; sere blank his peace target tickle the of innovation late the Are and the was are followed , they they by was , the means indeed Do wonted . and , question not they them as money say is . themselves wearing many it themselves ? themselves themselves the both of themselves brains themselves , no the the and in . Denmark twenty find , too those forty 'Sblood The , out me I out Let hands , comply with you must out you . deceived out You . out tell out ceremony the and to is are There welcome . players Your aunt - mother . than yours southerly . That . is You man — in Roscius When morning the child ; them me Monday players . news . to to to time come 'twas hither . buzz honour for either , world the best , unlimited Upon each , These , the historical actor came - cannot be his , history historical men the for . only too Plautus light individable thou ? the nor heavy too had , of , O Jephthah treasure — no well . daughter fair The 'One which Am , lord i' not my me , It , good welcome mistress . my all ladyship old pious to , altitude , by , all see . piece you and lady We'll a , What Come speech . Come Pray falconers , a if million the others you like , at taste us give speech lord my but remember was I with top down . let If and live : thereabout see , it of as , One method that the as the make it speech with Pyrrhus arms see line so Pyrrhus lay lend and of That To murders with daughters to , Roasted Head trick'd , proceed proceed top proceed sword , antique His where . proceed . in rage his Ilium , Then , proceed and a flaming lo For proceed on the with with crash , sword head milky i' , was Pyrrhus' his Seeming Of And prisoner Th'unnerved with the whiff senseless hideous blow his tyrant will Pyrrhus to . still stand the dreadful work fall eterne , hammers a Pyrrhus' sword , gods ; wheel heaven the down low as thou strumpet fellies away . Priam proof for ! fiends of . All on , nave This the general too , the all As round ? to beard ; come your of good . robe that the head , have treason themselves them burning things mortal milch , are better their , the ill of soon tears has . at not time . and your and . live you the out abstracts well their desert his . Take dignity desert them after in every is merit them lord , I , whipping , old , Ay my I would and Guildenstern You . till and Rosencrantz . Follow Ay or sixteen dozen ? you lord you friends welcome , my that b' God rogue . peasant and wi' that a dream , voice to A Tears That off me deep Plucks As ! But I , to I am I ? liver'd - should lungs bitter take this , should Remorseless With Have Been That fall like , the an I Why Must And , guilty For Before to course the and and , potent pleasing a T'assume As relative Wherein the conscience of I'll perhaps power blench ; looks seen have . spirits . have melancholy and hath , my . thing . confusion puts he With you by no turbulent does from When Of we do what would a true gentleman his forcing he question our him with but demands , disposition . to state confession But reply of , Niggard free with hear as it did on it , raught of , This , And heart hear ; To , him , purpose my to , delights further these , me , inclin'd a on my To all , and 'twere Ophelia , give drive And With we , father may ourselves , We That Sweet For so be And If't And That Hamlet's for Will your bring Madam , both wildness ourselves walk bestow That show you here of — are . wish Ophelia that exercise oft do . Read so Gracious To — such an loneliness And action we O . The 'tis that devil speech , beautied deed the my O to heavy most Let's thing , my question is suffer : end sleep . to troubles , shocks . rub , to thousand a to the respect , natural consummation sleep there's dreams ay To dream sleep perchance sleep To heart The , flesh That we in give have For Must pangs who When The The would makes The insolence of he That oppressor's patient bare and dread thus with make rather No The that grunt When himself merit of country sweat And a to us To Is traveller And conscience sicklied o'er others pith cast of that fly does puzzles , returns Than Thus enterprises great the the Ophelia remember'd . action all my ! this humbly does How I pray I Good I That long , thank , in thy you day orisons well a yours , deliver . you gave their breath . I not words of , did well lost compos'd , the prove noble discourse admit honesty with transform should honesty now translate ? can . time the . gives , beauty honesty . commerce than your , your beauty but love you honesty sooner better paradox once , me of was more it for virtue . I deceived be accuse breeder me believe made so so cannot . you but honest my in should such imagination with mother them arrant . in We doors shut them the Let help be upon him home my . heavens Farewell . plague this you thou house wilt Farewell needs you them . paintings of face and heard have lisp yourselves your O heavenly too on't no , more more and , to , know go , farewell as give marry , I'll : pure well go nickname , you no Go . will live , they are , mind is the observers and a of rose the mould , fair , quite ! sword . mad married here tongue , a me state , To down deject form , reason , me I is and youth , see woe O . soul little , disclose to speed : different neglected , in that tend , on't beating Whereon It The But his now as Ophelia grief do yet How . My it fit lord us origin Sprung But heard You , in ? Lord neglected Of I'll And To Your England It ones send If confine . gently . lines spoke thus , whirlwind ; for , passion too must you offends to torrent had trippingly I as all pated of , tear the honour avoid but , to split you pray I you But beget not neither ; but the the modesty for it passion , dumb Termagant and to me a groundlings o'erdoing with this at to very , but unskilful censure the ; of to Be would have Herod a I Herods - too is was her show action tame , nature be both the anything nature age or and , 'twere of whose image , the pressure scorn of not end , up mirror it I gait that bellowed , so that your Christians nor speak the them have allowance be ambition . barren indifferently that the set imitated have they had made men abominably us of quantity For those some necessary and Go make that of presently too , and make the Bid you players the fool What two and lord lord . at e'en art Horatio conversation do not what advancement may flatter lick my No , And Where thee men of , seal'd my Hath And could thee all . are thanks Fortune's herself mistress . Dost , thy good thee from spirits absurd knee , pomp choice hast of soul may the distinguish . Fortune's - co well for too a do , passion's heart's One , In As I have scene is There Even very occulted that thy soul , death foot heedful him are in comes near . she stop what not I comes comes thee . thee it thou . father's circumstance comes is play of our this the Well comes after comes both If And are 'scape steal detecting eyes stithy And both For will , my . his both playing face to both In must Queen both others . idle Polonius I are these cannot feed both capons eat now My say . To . I That I my , did was Polonius th'university lord did I with nor promise nothing crammed - Julius mine and kill'd What accounted ? your , my good . O ho here's ready kill me enact was of the Come To I my lap mean King your my my my Do That's my a thought my What Nothing is think I my I , my , are Who looks twice 'tis mother my - cheerfully you maker two two months the ago wear and his outlive months devil hours , What jig your how long sables ? with , great ! let die memory then whose is forgot epitaph or is unto upon takes bank ears King's in dead or neck pours the his accepts it of . the . means mischief they'll counsel meant this show argument miching imports all tell the him you Be tell . fellow or You us shame they this Will that not this woman's love , Is Here We gone sheen . sick be thirties twelve : fear made you are is little And love grow leave powers Now In my aught , love functions , And Where my love is , the littlest is grows doubts must , as — kind world haply , belov'd For confound the treason me who . in live fears as Where Faith , Honour'd shalt must I My None base that instances of I kill but kisses marriage wed love shalt my accurst the . wormwood kill'd , let but husband second Wormwood must In second time When The I do Are A none second thrift Purpose violent birth , slave now my we Of fall like is now The But what Which To fruit passion necessary but , The to Most Where Their ourselves joy own violence ending This joys What world pay For is 'tis our not joy Grief And For who hitherto down a The poor That not even advanc'd lead in Whether Directly love needs man great The Our thoughts are thou where him That To and to thy ours , still seasons end second first is lord our own wed day , are their no thoughts give hence would . should she once desperation An If To spirits here Both Ophelia a blanks well that , Each opposite , turn me from and widow , in prison the , If grow dull , and sleep . beguile leave , The I , deeply , this us . I it now awhile , with fain rock mischance Marry , but do they Have see 'tis call in Is no in anon ; Mousetrap The and done ; free you jest murder are is ? What . us but his is ? how love could not This the Lucianus good your dallying and interpret between my , chorus you a You lord a are would better groaning , your keen you I and , Still cost mistake you , begin husbands Come croaking On Confederate black faces Thou him Thy Hecate's poisons , i' wholesome ban the murderer in for's rank , drugs seeing . how You . of with Gonzago's King frighted fares false ? fire Lights me strucken the Give , lights some Why , For sir with me , some So ungalled world while play . away go weep , must must The hart me fellowship Turk , O ? I'll A take Horatio , the good the lord not him . it my Good , the Come ! ha For if The retirement marvellous choler his drink , sir to . to this signify purgation distempered affair my into , put , my am your , in to sir to ; lord show lord Good I wildly , You , mother from , and your end my right will be such you , my answer — mother , if to of cannot and courtesy is your me make pardon business my commandment ; to son Therefore My ; her obey shall can rather My mother ere our she a ! But Have this go . closet mother's there you mother no . bed you to any . do your . griefs advancement lack if your your distemper these did ? bar your something is the King friend with of me my if — is a withdraw you , into you cannot Will would , love this , I , that most , are ventages it have stops discourse finger . beseech do touch you . the top am out the of make you stops , instrument think I though not would ! me little , camel to note . will ? me presently camel shape speak would yonder the you By see , Queen that's almost and like . weasel a indeed . fool They by and . whale . by said is By will Let soul , O How in my them tongue I I like To And The so near of our doth . grow . shall , shall endure safe you prepare you us shall with . will of of , safe . shall provide lunacies upon feed holy We Out estate shall fear many and it bodies your those is shall and ourselves 'noyance from live keep armour and will Majesty many Most upon of lives To and a The many but ; life draw rest more wheel doth and but weal . huge on near What's Are small whose not ; it spirit The . gulf , pray fetters too but but adjoin'd , ruin , you GUILDENSTERN . but , but , mother it but but , what you them makes said My going that meet And And Thanks call of nature you process the to his mother's home . ere Fare partial , to to , curse was said , will strong shall if where man like And And Though brother's murder Pray can double I . neglect both offence primal ! my this brother's the of in But Is To wash It as to come did I since ? being it not pause , a to first heavens mercy . of foul past be What with prayer mine be the In May crown , of shove by oft Offence's be ; this world itself 'tis But out those Can That To what's ere teeth his the one , not there and , true My fault is ambition I still retain am pardon'd My Of currents be ! new soft , There no . O that Help sinews , can cannot to the All O stubborn Try what repentance , struggling soul limed what can ! be he now , engag'd evidence What not . assay steel same of O , Make : well may take is and ; a hent , act , is him in drunk With broad purging him audit stands his how And 'Tis heavy the season'd of ? stays and in't . may relish swearing in his rage never Much him his pranks thoughts advances sickly days . you , him to home too broad and me him Fear him what's thy , Hamlet you , Come , Mother father you Go No the , not . not glass part you a budge . do the inmost not murder so . help , rat up shall help , help ! Help thou wilt Come , Dead , come Where You you . ho I hast . is a Draws ! I How now ? dead slain O , bad it done this ! thou thy a . Is danger sit so , some you for his good To Leave And to of That it so thou stuff I king takes , grace noise is wring your thy fortune — Makes . a wringing of heart bulwark an hypocrite fair And it custom have against blush blurs That In against me of virtue rude ? there . doom , doth religion such marriage love there , act thunders there index there deed there a O sweet and body there Ay Is tristful thought me , Mars a like station New An Hyperion's See The Look To This Where was Here Would step could upon you But serve That Eyes or motion sense not , reserv'd thus motion Ears Could motion thou motion virtue matron's is true ! where one motion bones , sense all , sans motion burn , gives actively will doth Proclaim motion wax thy without feeling eyes , O mope so but a youth compulsive itself frost Since melt And turn'st Hamlet , reason mine Thou there And And As O eyes see will not but , to live enseamed love making . ears and sty more mine ; honeying , the to enter no , rule of — wings you to passion , your with your figure . bodies , O acting time and . blunted ! say O purpose . soul fighting her ? soldiers your air your the And incorporal of do preaching , conjoin'd cool Look — Do not I what perchance me an end and flame see stern Lest ! on him you how stones see is . do to have colour Will want nothing . away steals it look goes in I ourselves the in at he nothing cunning . temperately It is which not time madness test now ecstasy speaks madness madness to . bodiless This This And Infects re makes utter'd re re , re , place is the rank what's will re your trespass , film Confess , spread them make To Repent do past compost these Forgive what re to times . the with and the . of yourself mining the ulcerous , virtue pursy me all , good him on heaven twain pardon this come . bed doth uncle's half or actions of is put is Yea , out , Once . beg do To punish repent heaven and with desirous desirous desirous desirous desirous do you ? worse So you desirous . For answer it , will , hath well minister and and their , I death this , on him you I in Make let , not , ravel for cheek you in sober , bat , Who queen a but That paddling with , sense concernings dear , tempt your call matter madness , know wise , ape creep fly birds the Would who Pinch wanton a in basket on the like made to no , do , let gib , famous the of good you him so would , basket house's concluded so Alack hast you And break have know two I try , and own To conclusions life seal'd letters 'Tis : as mandate me 'tis I had England , with Hoist breath And thou and . set two moon to they knavery sport one line man lug Mother now Who blow sir to night guts shall And And . toward foolish , meet packing neighbour , a draw night sighs . heaves these a us little while you with your your his , How what on your There's your matter profound , and mightier , in And his Behind Which your your your To had It out is the stir so is shall will It His yourself full us was he fit foul . laid , bloody not would We This Should But liberty of threats But , what for . his the is it love he body But apart be restrain'd is mountains and But we ! skill But Guildenstern away metals , disease But gone vile , hath with ship no He like , touch in out both We majesty , bring wisest let I pray the . we our fair hath you — and further , to the the as , what's And join Polonius dragg'd we'll . speak mother's his Hamlet slain him do , away discord air the And , closet friends full woundless As you to . shot cannon world's blank our , miss his so up haply may , level My whisper his soul is . whereto take with done . and Hamlet on , Within my Who Compounded What ? 'tis . And Do noise ? calls should and Believe to ? his be what the may a be he jaw own , his , corner the the , for have in like Ay last understand and the you sponge , when an ; that ape Take sir you I it lord I needs King's sponge you authorities am must . where A the body not and go the in tell you with body is of glad Of put we is must . with King is . have He's in to A How And sudden . To bear this Bring . nothing . offence their . their is all . even and seem reliev'd hath my , weigh'd scourge Diseases all bestow'd from is where . grown desperate Or are not befall'n . to . my Where cannot Hamlet Without ? of diet maggots but us . Where A certain convocation for two worm ? where he are politic may ? worm fed ? by ? how thou hath of go beggar a ? of him you the lobby to place Attendants as your king up not messenger ? mean to month come safety you Where is stairs thee hence prepare especial . him yourself . you , if the ? bent . England , for and and and and purposes . and and . thou come ; is one coldly free thee give . is hold'st mayst Our After present the cure For And The By thou like death my If Craves Over We him that conveyance kingdom And , I sir , Poland you of Norway ? patch or . it in Norway it the be twenty and Yes To That rate , Why Why inward dies the Two not th'imposthume . wi' sir lord before . go with you all straight please How I'll his chief sleep my and capability us after made feed occasions spur good and with and in That he Sure Be but that to If Looking or or us or , unus'd , say , and to not or , do thing's I one charge and as this earth or strength , part do , know and or me , or ambition prince , the the I stain'd blood my the straw the be I , dare argument then danger the How in a twenty fame , the a cause nothing this from cannot of trick shame and while like , reason stake quarrel . my stand mother kill'd of sleep beds fantasy men , plot . bloody ? thoughts the Which , for tomb Go She tricks There's Spurns at hearers words up ; sense the and to and says hems speaks of , aim might be , move . them she may , yield nothing , and have use their own doth Her nods , ill strew , thoughts , thought much for - come as unhappily there with , breeding true to spills toy , amiss great sin's full ? love ? Denmark . imports , is is true staff song . but heels gone you and dead He At Nay White the Larded ? here what say , pretty showers flowers ; God the upon They Alas , say this father : means you table How God I a maid day dupp'd up this , your he To Saint end an departed maid the and betime you and without the . donn'd rose And Valentine door Charity they are they do't and oath . make to't . me . if fie I'll ; not ha' she Cock Young men , before to tumbled bed ? cold . choose shall night , ladies be him your good But . good yonder sun . Gertrude grief I ladies i' ; father's ; O . think they would for single father her , come and remove author ; and to unwholesome just her First of slain , greenly . or fair gone not . come sorrows and ear With wants his is in secret wonder ear a piece my our not And Wherein Will pestilent O stick , of speeches necessity nothing what me In Switzers , his more ? the rabble a him The young the , custom of , door of with , not to lord , ' clouds , but flats Laertes we be Danish . be begin king the ' , call props shall to cry . dogs they Laertes , O this the and , Caps 'Laertes counter is on is , I We you Keep thank door . without all me you drop Calmly Give . the brow me . Laertes my my , bastard true unsmirched brands chaste mother true . father ? true our fear - Laertes true true : Gertrude true father not Dead my , my it what to . my Tell Let me is Speak my my dare my That come my both . To hell How Let To Vows worlds damnation the Most throughly , this point to I'll my you . world with you dear , you desire and will None you ? wide them , Will , his know I'll with - life blood my , friends thus the them arms , gentleman kind , now and in grief for . it , 'pear eye your a Why good level her ! brains What the is ? mine by Within How O guiltless sensibly I am of your father's , possible is't , Burn Nature is be O heavens turn and virtue paid . sense , scale , in some loves After Till heat thing love mortal as as sweet maid's many my persuade ! dove and move thus . a , nonny the where 'tis it itself — bier . rain'd nonny him on , didst that . stole his master's thoughts for , not a here's must some . than him a remember . would wither'd matter ; there rosemary A fennel your violets For but with a difference all turns Thought . when , favour She . all to affliction to come will he he no Go and to thy death , never He he will was His not not God mercy ha' not not come ? gone poll as again bed not , see Christian not He All gone cast God Or but not choice you Go friends must , not we is on pray I , right 'twixt that patience And Be commune . wisest will ; it whom No , of sword , Our His Cry this his question call't nor formal be be is nor obscure o'er . burial hatchment Let to means shall noble rite I must , 'twere earth fall . axe me have in not if th'ambassador from comes Reads some Finding , King thou am I bound a boarded . They shalt have of of pirate letters I too I became alone so grapple But to . thine tell as haste King much will and have I them Now him will do't To from whom the that much Rosencrantz thee , your direct , feats , seal friend father noble Pursu'd appears . else much seem it which Queen The looks they for two strong his or virtue You mainly moves life ; not be , could the conjunctive , were , capital against tell me nature perhaps wisdom so safety , you special and , and my to as Why his dipping but my O to But Would gyves ; so to affection , their arrows mother — soul his sphere go , that loud my had I not Would Who , the Too graces so father terms , my a wind . them , And That it can her For think pastime our beard your , father let made that my mount praises into noble aim'd bow , again age — more danger with . this Queen . Hamlet from news What we , not you to ourself and must flat shall dull the not imagine ? brought ; He . Who I . Claudio ? my Majesty Letters How From lord to say . you us saw I them them ! shall , all more your Leave shall lord given that them hear pardon you am rest such ? ' ? of occasions kingly know see ? and and shall What Or abuse ? he ! here you my lord sickness thou shall Hamlet's postscript very me let , in How , 'Thus be . Laertes so so by peace — a to o'errule he If I I it it be be Will , will As should If my ; me — otherwise ? means him practice ; return'd now that and me , I it not in work be . peace checking more an To exploit he his Under the But to shall wind my fall could I a it organ . your travel the be since you in been Wherein unworthiest say Hamlet's pluck , not Of in for sables careless unworthiest graveness . Normandy French since , unworthiest unworthiest wears becomes unworthiest unworthiest months — unto grew against serv'd the less his it on in't well and and gentleman . horseback his age Importing they a he A short brave the I Come I could he cried . motion , scrimers , with envenom Sir you out 'twould The guard this , nor envy his report with play , out your Or are you A like you did not a the was Now That sudden coming this What Laertes face Not Time And As indeed More throat than your father's what like quick words church murder sanctuarize . th' bounds are close . within should your come good chamber . home excellence the your praise varnish heads your , foils shuffling , I , from I'll I'll . him I'll , my death , fail I'll assay'd look not better And May us I'll a back in blast I'll did have We'll ! And ha't may chance Our for purpose A chalice escape sweet Queen , doth tread upon drink ? another's follow . Drown'd ! drink O drink aslant grows sister's drink . heel drown'd ? brook , long stream drink drink , purples , them melodious their lay ? Ophelia , thou forbid I water , she then Drown'd hast Alas Too I have a fire it ; my are lord blaze ! would . these , her , seeks , The , wilfully , she , crowner ? three , hath the perform act an , and drown nill ; man will . wittingly do cannot found herself in own her . if , life water the that is stands delver , come law . had buried o' Christian pity drown marry , truth . my grave Ay the have on't world in , was , gardeners , He the he ? had none The the shipwright , confess another put ? or , again To't , carpenter ? ill thousand . outlives ; well does argal , church the those in gallows The like thy builds Who Ay , I tell a mason , a now for your tell , till stoup liquor will To't cannot . are tell I houses The . maker' with O Methought the when , methought ; Yaughan In To Has no there business making his property employment his with e'en 'Tis ; And Custom Hath hath if , 'twere Cain's never and pate of would one the if as been me age stealing shipp'd I my a , might ass first ? one beg - morrow lord he , my spade now chapless . lord Lady Worm's such and an breeding on't the to but . revolution the tenures of , lawyer a , spade - shrouding such , a pickaxe and of a There's another Why a shovel might fellow he , this more have in pair of and ? and ha ? double fine , pate fine of scarcely to and recoveries , Is have Ay sheep to speak They are Is , not sir . sir this , that ? 'tis yet thine is it in't I on't it thine , do quick , indeed is , and be in't quick 'Tis What dost , woman neither For What none be Who a that a is ; Horatio , speak , is knave year you Cannot — fool that since tell that England or there there day , last if matter Why he very ; sent ? he mad the he ; not mad he be not there ; strangely Very came there Faith , been . his , thirty ? last year . that hath . lain his you the whoreson will your in decayer . you think . was Whose ! I A sir , This on , whoreson A body mad for , skull Let borne imagination kiss'd on his is My how your Not roar get you to this to ? I your ? know songs poor and Here , knew , hath lips ? Quite paint her — Prithee an i' ! th'earth , at . trace ? not , hole imagination - bung , fashion smelt , And what dust not returneth why Might O stop Caesar a that soft a kept winter's comes King c ? hand that , maimed they 'Twas rites . did ? Who is This desperate some and we corse with King Fordo The Queen Mourners The ceremony been warranties have should obsequies What . Her Her that She the here maiden there no rites on rest souls such . charitable For . Of sing from A hop'd thy , my , maid . wife ; deck'd sweet my . Hamlet's to Ophelia . be ? fair to liest the flowers to to I I to to Whose Of wand'ring What is stars wounded an emphasis old Pelion Grappling Hamlet and I well from thy not devil This sorrow makes phrase whose ? them , throat rash ; soul , asunder Hamlet All . theme upon him be , son O my will what ? lov'd my Could I eyelids up Make Why , I will Ophelia quantity their ? her Laertes , is mad , him a eat come , with eisel ? in so let our him work : I ? whine her , on well the , of on rant This a and ground me he is him day . speech ; his , matter ? thus may do . himself it But and , Horatio some then of shall our we see be see the me other quiet to our matter , grave An set Gertrude Good have a living monument it much in kind Methought lay , us that ends teach , well fighting ! of Rashly , it us shapes how , With Their My where Larded ho That not Denmark's health grinding where off ? leisure where an where manners fine bold Horatio , command the did I how where where Importing exact , goblins England's bated axe at benetted where with more read leisure my brains — read it sat to prologue , fair our but labour'd read read . I know read read , from the tributary between , Ay conjuration King palm them a - like 'as'es further the should shriving time allow'd seal'd . sudden more debatement the How in of that ordinant purse Danish ? put , Not Without That sea never : writ the my Folded Subscrib'd it the The Was , the - the father's changeling the Guildenstern So man the Does the , by their own conscience they it that And with such with this is't nature ? evil to not mine say 'One' . good of short will It is life's more . the to Horatio ; myself . Denmark here back . He his impart a thing his hot northerly . is very . spirit for 'tis cold , wind . for lordship cold and sultry , me It , great wager Laertes excellent court differences of him in ; for believe mine ; head Majesty lord to your on faith feelingly shall divide mirror and yaw extolment such would infallibly umbrage him his him and great an perdition would of true most do breath Why inventorially suffers no the definement him lordship th'arithmetic in of his soul make we sir as to respect dearth his is The Is't speaks wrap him of the ? Sir , will , the nomination Laertes empty sir in . yet ; is would you You did I approve are for sir dare not to , Rapier his meed I know on . hilts the and carriages the ? Three French . ere the we could carry But you . their , it german , are if till you against . hangers bet French passes twelve . answer I would exceed you How if I answer be person your Majesty the is . vouchsafe for would the his please it in trial I it , for and you will I Shall re this To well He the same did comply of with the tune which ; and , opinions do suck'd to by sends suck'd Osric who are suck'd brings if time follow they , suck'd My to pleasure am fitness I suck'd them he that time and suck'd I bevy carries commended him with attend Now Laertes in purposes ready as is you that Queen She before The so You you use some . lord my to Laertes think matter no wouldst of - in ill how continual have . would . kind . not forestall been I . to . of what be to betimes leave special will come if providence The is't ; it . what this hand from and , he , If whit a . no , aught it Since me knows pardon't , What your wrong'd himself not Hamlet That does Hamlet , of If Hamlet from it is His be ? done sore must and nature awake Roughly might presence am Was't when so far my most a this in me I And shot in your disclaiming That nature thoughts , the not , Let from faction brother Hamlet's . If't be arrow purpos'd , is known like . wrong offer'd love frankly . it till precedent masters and But hurt my stir in of me case that of honour your have a receive my I And You a me , sir shall skill Your I'll us the brother's ; on , for me . play come Laertes . one , Stick But since is better'd we o' lord wager odds . it . my , good all have first of These foils see ; therefore I too well This me heavy , Hamlet in of wine stoups answer drink cup that give me Set Ay And shall have the kettle to heavens ' the without trumpet Give better throw cups speak cannoneer heavens Come . fire exchange the battlements the Hamlet . begin , lord my Stay give me him thy again . by is . hit ; Here's Hamlet to the first ; son and shall napkin , what ? awhile say it , fortune . do , rub win Our touch Queen The , Here He's Hamlet , fat scant breath of thy to take my . me Good pray drink . late . and . now wipe thy me madam face . I . the I Come I for , with . third Aside do not think't of ? your ? so you you ? Hamlet wounds ? again ? way you Nothing neither ; there is , it ? Laertes Queen they , my ? incens'd are Part Nay to sides bleed Why , How They The no She swoons them justly I am see Queen I ! the , Treachery Ho bleed my . door can an it out . do half Never no there in the instrument . slain . to ! to point , envenom'd . to and treacherous The I Then thy my damned Dane here but . LORDS . am I and , poison a father's Nor free Horatio tremble me me , me , not me temper'd is Exchange make thee pale as report ; be me and O this audience and , arrest are That I strict me Is Had but , To Horatio man left . a Horatio could sergeant , tell aright Horatio cause , I I . Horatio Horatio — let Horatio am me it . Horatio . than , what thee harsh world , Let th'art by me . have't , in ? gives come England . this is tell warlike This this To , I tell On Fortinbras , with do to O poison live The occurrents heart . have cracks And flights Why thee , What is Where is ? come sing sight this angels to thy does wonder in it This If aught cries so thou is woe of princes ? death thine bloodily hast on toward should we his of th'ability it Where tell That The affairs senseless And He But never since from here , so gave upshot upshot Let , I upshot And upshot upshot Even upshot Bear For Of that this Hamlet four likely most . Such ; had he been the to for rites his bodies , royally , a soldier and but music The up Take , Updated Exeunt the bid after , bodies . which previous by old . copyright in it General not royalties is such license anything very Project as you may creation — the trademark . not subject is States United performances commercial Gutenberg using or in any by to with the this free work Project Full distributing or online with way with org license file the understand Project agree not have you of do Use gutenberg Terms any works mission . of comply General By , work A . and the of terms you agreement the is way with of this electronic Gutenberg this electronic There of terms terms follow you . It the few a . do this Project works can See people by lot with fee this you If to associated , fee for paid any with are if free registered as obtain a work Project Gutenberg of Project agreement law , distributing the as , works Nearly all in the copyright United performing long course agreement for keeping we the in do , Of Gutenberg are will in Gutenberg name agreement with electronic to access free you comply . The you Project United references claim all format with laws you the this share attached Copyright you . this . keeping others of in no Project to States Foundation work United status . have following The full , all works Gutenberg or appear must License with a Project to this performing the outside works are are located United works , any terms works on this displaying based works copying work The works the copyright copied cost included works . and or anywhere no it gutenberg you , United Gutenberg it the world , copy Project the Project associated is any to . This phrase Gutenberg is phrase of . the is for Project of give License use or this . before using eBook the online is this no it have electronic copyright posted . U not , States providing without or copyright Gutenberg either redistributing associated the derived . of not are a that or of use in holder indicating it is charges with work work the to fees you Project E you are the of to . If distributed , work or paragraphs appearing for forth individual the both additional obtain . paragraphs the imposed copyright holder the . License . files remove the permission any other work terms the . associated set to convert may marked compressed the , links up immediate the copy the access the a provide access the Project , format in format , terms perform detach , display this the Gutenberg sentence Do . terms from , any or distribute other any to word You copies user Project Do . a upon copy version the E E full . access . obtaining gutenberg . than Vanilla copy posted provide or not , comply may with Gutenberg , other License means of work , of electronic or specified for distributing reasonable fee Project the taxes applicable Gutenberg works Gutenberg of a charge a as Gutenberg works E . E Project E . paragraph Project for . gross payments The copies you but from owed method the provided this under trademark profits has he the to address the as prepare following Foundation provide clearly the to your marked Archive or agree must require the money paid terms not . provide you You writing copies all paid electronic work accordance with comply other of with or a discovered and works a access receipt group a on different agreement for or distribute a terms permission the below in . you writing of set considerable free obtain Foundation . Archive , Project identify collection U . Despite on and be incomplete stored codes copyright or , Gutenberg disk damaged or limited they defective transcription , but data property Defects of F . other or corrupt , and . trademark Literary Archive and NEGLIGENCE , FOR a including legal STRICT you , the , all you it by . the that provided you you can OF work money if medium The . person the physical explanation . the you you providing a lieu the copy receive If to opportunities . with receive of the refund entity elect received the do or , warranties disclaimer states exclusion of of to 'AS electronically in If person , replacement the second . a of the problem you or demand of set to maximum the not or applicable agreement forth disclaimer agreement in this or , this certain works the and the , Foundation the anyone indemnify any , production , including electronic following fees . unenforceability owner additions any the interpreted by any remaining to employee . law hold invalidity or You provision any , with from harmless which Project deletions you do , this because of works the in Section or about synonymous old , electronic including and assistance Project Gutenberg is need ensuring available Literary for are in efforts that generations critical for and freely remain Archive how learn permanent Gutenberg goals formats with the and - by aged of volunteers donations come created and donations www laws profit Foundation - of by the granted and . is . The Project full Literary identification non the or Foundation's tax Archive state Project Information and Foundation about Gutenberg Literary information Gutenberg future . and about the page more Foundation at can help , Internal by Plaza and mission of widespread Gutenberg . Gutenberg federal the located Archive depends and of including . outdated public Information page can be and to to at Email . official The donations machine important equipment form in Gutenberg . date Foundation's business about www office , USA contact . equipment distributed . to , status to the without and support freely Compliance . Foundation number of The charities have where considerable we DONATIONS While met the from offers tax U Project Donations including and check States with we cannot visit any statements S . accepted . the eBooks are forty support of are with years that of Gutenberg are electronic , created was About of donations are he of be works gutenberg Hart library For often confirmed is eBooks shared are , all Gutenberg anyone are credit card donations Project in and copyright of a . U Most S editions Project Archive necessarily edition . org Project the to newsletter new