Long there Who's ? live and ! Stand Stand Stand the Stand Get thanks bitter Stand I And 'Tis Stand For If And night . Stand Friends liegemen O Barnardo has my . you hath ? him Marcellus again tonight . good , A Welcome says dreaded Therefore this Tush Touching may That our not 'twill assail , again so are That And let And same course Had Where made yond Peace When , The now it his that's King . a In the Thou it Most Looks bell then beating where Look it it Horatio ; fear , the to spoke King me Horatio fair with which In thou ! speak I charge it See , the and . offended stalks ? Together What art By It Without my Such was As Of true not believe sensible the mine When he frown'd martial With Thus what This But thought to I my know opinion . observant the cast and most our task whose from this the war cannon , watch he to work by this he gone gross some , in And sit mart strange eruption now you , Thereto even but by in this ; a , know on heraldry , seal'd our law , life by most that inform with sweaty - can I appear'd Fortinbras by who known which of side so Dar'd Well ratified Fortinbras by which our by gaged Was his of , King the stood combat now goes Whose Did Against the ; of as of ; sir article inheritance , a with moiety carriage . which competent conqueror esteem'd world a and our ; Of Hamlet vanquisher seiz'd To been fell unimproved of list His That For stomach Norway to is no enterprise ; appear compulsatory . And this , I lands hand state of in't of us by foresaid which diet in Shark'd hath Well it be in : King wars of like these watch portentous this our the watch and watch the so e'en so sort and rummage haste watch the source father of our So by watch his Of Is post - other palmy the watch sun tenantless in watch watch Comes I think and in and dews sheeted , events fierce coming eclipse stands moist little graves squeak with ; the Julius fell eye mind's the , comes , use Stay climatures and to preceding still the fates , blood star on ! again illusion done me to , fate to . demonstrated . of , to good ease foreknowing to Or thou speak in say you uphoarded grace to death in life , me , may . womb ! spirits , and , the Marcellus ? my avoid earth speak walk strike it here here 'Tis gone . stand , invulnerable , being our about It was And do offer the blows the as it , is For , And , then , cock Upon , The a that is , god the To on . and , of erring earth in ; made of that is all no Saviour's then , dawning spirit singeth 'gainst birth witch no strike planets is part hill . tonight eastward high and what young the So Break , spirit contracted be so hearts in and our whole , nature him on our ourselves now warlike , queen , fought discretion , us it that one with state , gone , of and dream pester law , of bonds So . this time of , Fortinbras to that , scarcely , all dispatch , than the duty our show haste your dilated King nothing CORNELIUS let things articles commend , What the is't with farewell : will heartily reason thou beg , heart father mouth asking . to Laertes return willingly to not to Denmark more throne is head The have I favour duty wishes your bend What ? gracious in leave , Denmark to came that and France , leave Polonius pardon consent hard him my last my says to be ! thine son , must , vailed on off hang , less than ? you on too I , And thine Hamlet , thy 'tis not Good know'st for Seek let common Ay Thou it so If particular it madam . of of the of seem ; the and 'Tis give obligation To but , commendable mourning lost father lost your nature within suits of , unmanly is bound heaven to opposition ; nature theme common fault to , today cried us throw , take note , love son throne intent your , Wittenberg bears nobility the our you of think his For desire remain in . father woe and you dearest less let , for immediate world of our you to of , and prayers , to not you fair Madam accord of Hamlet whereof shall bruit away Come would a flesh not ! it fix'd God it , flat uses it ! it things it nay king it ; satyr so ; that the beteem Frailty to Hyperion Frailty Would on she Heaven would had within were old Frailty , of , my Why discourse more speed Frailty sheets unrighteous married with no wants Frailty she poor shoes even — Frailty uncle father's body she : hold , for I you forget do see your well my friend lord servant name from to see you in what I am very shall To Against But teach to is what you , yourself . your it , do you not would make , to deep your mother's depart truant , no your my I not ere in of , ear father's . wedding funeral fellow hard Horatio . day ; met furnish lord Horatio ! bak'd . meats my lord . father a for ? methinks him man , take king . I him . yesternight a father King my an Season The Two For This the marvel love Armed nights waste before oppress'd Almost his their and The Form the they each . are where was not more kept they night , thing apparition These , Where I good ; watch lord : address once , head , speak it sound none as shrunk very at And Itself lifted made then even to not you But It But And Indeed sirs the and ? 'tis strange think did live And 'Tis let you We we indeed Hold Arm'd my lord toe head to , beaver ? up in to Arm'd , yes Nay fix'd I And very very very very very very While Very like one , moderate Longer it . no . longer , when Not beard was will watch tonight . gape father's hell I hap your silence itself sight still this all . well ye twelve fare , eleven your Our duty you All : to to 'twixt . you farewell . not were . do from that sleep give benefit Do But convoy sister let you doubt ? youth nature in blood not youth ; lasting youth youth , youth ; alone temple soul waxes now , youth and besmirch youth but cautel as does it Think nature inward nor bulk and crescent . will nor will his no withal nor greatness he not himself and therefore sanctity And may For nor The And wide Grows virtue of must birth : own nor do not you he is to nor be yielding his as subject nor his for must voice head is he Whereof so so so so so oft unmask canker Too so If lose , keep Out If itself beauty not dew be their galls The her , disclos'd of maid shot in the chariest is the Be As and ; treads grace leave aboard second . father double for . not And stay you sail a is But his puff'd dalliance here not primrose the too O , own rede me upon blessing double Occasion , sits in Aboard Laertes of with no . act means no quarrel a to that Costly Give do the But borrower fancy being Beware , soul thy dull - Of Take each every Bear't entrance new each Of thine ; the and most express'd habit , but beware of thee rich the : and in ; day the night to , leave season own itself be : that chief and the thine edge false husbandry be true ; man any . you not be follow all above This my shall . I , Farewell invites The you What private me , 'Tis in yourself Ophelia Farewell is't , hath time he , told something well to be your so in that If of You it you Of , You speak you call ? tenders on me the I clearly — understand daughter Give of to like what yourself a baby , pay yourself the more think you these Tender the a . fool me . sterling to thus love should of wind you'll , lord My ; how the do heaven lord soul daughter , to of , And with Believe Ay springes holy catch the burns vows than , for fire , extinct is young , show Ophelia , Hamlet , for forth time suits In ; of . implorators vows you larger for and unholy . of take they pious this , your the all . brokers , my obey cold . Hamlet is eager nipping is and an twelve bites , it struck . to wont draws of thus upspring rouse Rhenish out down reels , near is walk then my trumpet of triumph Ay marry custom bray pledge ; and drum drains wake mean , his observance of east than , though , it Is the manner And They Makes And More clepe our traduc'd heavy honour'd mind born I revel , drunkards us addition , marrow complexion are origin ; say of , the livery I down pales , that much be Fortune's defect grace , Carrying virtues Shall that As The Since Oft Or form breaking habit manners stamp as may censure a scandal fault they these men , from defend dram , with my or or wicked health Dane . a or , tell but ; the inurn'd steel jaws and What again of disposition is thoughts this dead again corse the glimpses ! ponderous ; why call I'll hearsed , answer in this quietly , may nature away impartment you some it you It As if not with what ? ground it removed . it of of . every of , place into deprive o'er some base you assume his summit it , desperation brain sea . the sea , thee my . beneath to I'll go not , me roar me , with imagination thus obey . gentlemen . thee . lets ? him . the Let's When I My Speak I Alas to Whither wilt me myself tormenting , shall am will render bound thy serious ! is and come poor up ghost thy to in to when I to revenge , I for Doom'd Would harrow tell burnt Till And for eyes and ; start thy my tale secrets away stand locks from prison freeze to blood , list father not , end stars thy up two Make Thy knotted particular upon the like quills flesh ears of Haste foul If ever ! foul me 'Tis I find in ; process whole in sleeping the that , Now thou sting , so a but my death , noble life orchard fat Lethe on of my prophetic wears did that Ay soul ! beast . serpent abus'd Is Rankly his ; serpent The A O Mine uncle that that to with there queen shameful - of and in love with falling made me Hamlet So wit of , lewdness But to it mine . sate itself virtue wretch Upon of those went seduce ! a seeming even marriage in From , her though soft I Brief My be And to on garbage the the my air were to decline ; heaven shape whose as it of link'd morning within afternoon stole , scent Sleeping hebenon as natural Holds The the secure of distilment enmity quicksilver the body , man effect did ears my ; orchard , mine hand dispatch'd of blood with alleys of courses ; loathsome : account ; my . vile smooth , All , sudden vigour So bark'd did at by once crust about and sin brother's ! to ! pursu'st nature hast thou A couch thy But not my all With reckoning for in Let If horrible ! O horrible prick And And , thou O In But of , adieu O Hold else be Remember . his earth What old ? a , records . O ! not Remember ; heart my , instant Remember table globe , sinews hell ghost while memory holds sure am I least one O most book O Within , Unmix'd My may books and all copied all there live brain villain shall alone commandment thy At uncle is HORATIO have there . are . Now , him lord remember and , and to my in . my Hamlet MARCELLUS . sworn't , and lord Heaven be , ho ho So Within . it boy , ho , news my Illo noble wonderful , lord you'll , my it is't How Good No I you How There , you more all , an , needs Ay , by heaven dwelling a knave all from right ; part circumstance and desire hands and , poor own . lord . heartily my , heartily ; is , vision , us , here me this Horatio soldiers , I MARCELLUS have seen . will . we not . we . tonight . we , Upon upon we lord we but swear't my lord my we sword my my , we , sword Art thou stage the indeed Swear thou you Ha boy , so this to you . have seen shift . ground . sword have so ? welcome friends i' come . Horatio , bear I or odd hereafter — mercy you help , on myself strange wondrous shake phrase could some , put or this and be of speak' or or doubtful head never shall , philosophy your in soe'er such encumber'd Or such , Or , 'Well That would' , they we , friending Let go to So . you might' if : most Swear Beneath this to to to . what shall on joint born Nay The With him notes , behaviour him I , to , it . what what good these , my and money lord make inquiry , him of touch finding nearer . it question expense Danskers ; Enquire , first at encompassment do they By and , well as , be Addicted him in But 'And in Take your particular and drift of , more , Reynaldo ' and , and knowledge some 'I thus , very father his know part To companions dishonour may As so are As You drinking , my slips rank usual , heed of that so put him on wild and liberty would may you drabbing or My Faith Quarrelling , may . most known swearing so . lord taints of but breathe faults liberty mind , quaintly another ; so blood a another unreclaimed assault charge . another another on scandal his him to seem and savageness another should you good general the That's another my , The another sir it little Mark you soil'd here's my I , I I Ay lord I I 'twere As Marry , sullies you country , or I . ' my Of . and I to say this phrase ? something I — he the , or phrase ; prenominate , be assur'd in you phrase you youth He , then does in the consequence' : phrase know the ' about I was 'friend was — does to say , Very phrase At , I , He Or phrase then closes or him or with with gaming in's , say as you perchance See , or house a , There There I , And him brothel falsehood of wisdom directions of assays find , of you So by By a thus I and of and this sale' rouse so You , lecture me you takes you Good my son my shall his I let have . him lord ply Farewell And . what's , inclination lord yourself . my , each purport in loosed knees his stockings , of affrighted ? of out - with hat Lord Ungart'red his shirt down , With name the as what , I know said What he foul'd hell knocking . he perusal thus the the hand down . brow his o'er Long piteous shoulder turn'd lets he all bulk , go his , over seem'd it eyes arm , his way head his o' go last did with to went . I the me with will property as any . help , King me the , words sorry , late undertakings itself desperate passion . denied love go ecstasy the Whose my I That , No , And This is very of fordoes am command you ; As oft given our natures lord His beyond Come opinions did me him beshrew to . trifle judgement and heed fear'd I . him quoted I good did , to younger in the we the , than hate to use and . It meant And , it be must This , More , To lack discretion hide , grief , Moreover The Hamlet's That , being ; so so So And ; Welcome dear sending . to did did it , thus , court , our ; thus should be put humour in youth his to your from , much ; young days by and our lies remedy . gather up here unknown hath men more am he so us show whom To To sure As Might Put by sovereign pleasures your shall time . and have . thanks hope , us us will will are not you , with of , feet . full command you , Than both ourselves service obey to give our be gentle at the bent . is to Go where Rosencrantz gentle gentlemen our him . practices of instantly , Ay I hold my my think or and ? duty as I my gracious my my good of , so brain soul , liege I lunacy th'ambassadors long do of that — policy else — not very my O speak Hunts hath to cause that news be first of do Thyself Most Upon our , preparation which sent greetings out to 'gainst look'd better It On Receives To give Makes falsely so your in from rebuke That crowns the give please commission him And , you for this to quiet and of before thousand which That it dominions , th'assay Whereon Gives more upon . well time night for think and , at your thank you Most took . allowance , Polack against are down we'll together read enterprise likes regards such to Meantime , our rest we Go we'll consider'd well - feast duty to home , what ended expostulate . business is and well and should , to I is't More I swear That call but let mad . art ? use . use use — use use , mark and the ; shall soul's phrase phrase Came celestial given awhile Doubt move be are , faithful liar a ; ill am most thee madam : dear Thine Ophelia , that Good ; Doubt at Doubt love truth thou But As hath time , my daughter . do ear ; me and love mine hath I . But I As wing , you might think here it I queen hot , hot . honourable man . But love , desk winking love I then hot herself , or on you the book , gave her hot , hot : round did of I , hot sadness the , thence a a to my hot out And lightness a Into to a Fell he done 'Lord Admit , repulsed then from I mistress is That very such It And into into this raves . that . ''Tis that That Take have time , I'd may Do we wail will . were otherwise know ? know so , otherwise said fain , I though , I positively it this from , me is truth You time I'll he you Be the such At not a Mark me loose But Let And does walks hours loose together . indeed I . If my So and his loose reading . daughter her loose , loose loose . both ? loose comes it try . a . honest a man picked one is man . lord dog good kissing my dead That's the sun , blessing on . He daughter far is extremity fishmonger What ; lord very my . Yet read harping much you do — suffered I youth to him the you ? who Between matter , lord their here that old purging most lack thus down wit plentiful am you and powerfully — his sometimes which , on How pregnant reason him more , life my except I lord , fools old take my leave my will willingly life . is he . there sir lord most ! dost , children we lads that . Ah lord honoured My good Rosencrantz indifferent How Good are friends As My about , her Faith ? the most ? shoe her of soles Neither is None you Then secret parts waist or in we . strumpet good one my a . hands question and , wards . one o' , Denmark's the world Then one in thinking makes ambition your too . prison a the your bad or good either substance makes it so . it ; none to 'tis it is narrow count bad the of the ; I for is itself and in it nutshell shadow a is that my . our . dream . of heroes fay quality a court and , we . to in the you I an friendship honest not , what , no you poor ; too in , even are thanks Is visit To that dear ? your am , justly such friends Is own me purpose looks , good free halfpenny it thank you Come sent , visitation speak come say my which sent , but a , kind of . ever preserved , withal you - teach anything confession me the love be even or , and by whether What eye an what you must . Nay by fellowship and for , To then , My tell your and I have exercises frame canopy in of , piece , in majestical me to a like yet . delights me ; and express , say seem not ? Man your an quintessence My by , laugh then , of there think did lord Why the from , are they . not woman . what nor in delights coted shall end are , and part o' his shall ; the ; shall halt service what man in you receive players ; lady shall , blank use be shall adventurous gratis make to players delight are or ? the verse the , lungs whose laugh say chances I tickle man Their both residence , in . city are when was not comes means . such — the reputation in late . the profit indeed it the ? keeps , the berattle are of aerie children , so and endeavour hold they Do No little tyrannically their they , much been to to to there sin for argument do the their can they call on — themselves better sides went cuffs to like afterwards longer Who if , if them exclaim than quality no make their means writers players common — they them Ay strange do that his , natural is picture for while it this apiece for Denmark too load those in his Hercules has there Do O , carry much throwing . give and forty 'Sblood . twenty little , philosophy of than . King , fashion more what But In , lest are my mad welcome are to Elsinore players the me comply tell are than you . come deceived with . gentlemen , is . lord handsaw wind yet out of a hearer they is an each ear old . his a — indeed 'twas the . swaddling you actor it Roscius have a me morning was my tell an come hither , Rome honour . tell The news actors pastoral in came . buzz When , pastoral for , or . thou , poem the history , ass Upon actor either historical world each historical cannot writ had which 'One daughter loved Aside on passing . law unlimited Jephthah i' th' not I Am he and , he , fair my , Jephthah call What It came Nay a , row The of welcome last . friends and , good last , by the thou . you by and As first thee to the me to welcome all . Pray ? face to am friend . nearer Denmark Thy me chopine a speech quality a e'en not of your be speech a me thee heard speak me , was it , me the , it mine and excellent me others million if acted taste — as make at Masters . give was top down no , set an as , the a us . lord my , matters in the to whose author , by , much at line 'Twas chiefly matter . in savoury speaks this not is nor very it matter in cried such I the well and cunning affectation of he loved he more tale to slaughter me Pyrrhus , he , light he with in horridly he sons fire he . proceed grandsire Old , he So seeks coagulate parching and now With o'ersized and the mothers gules dismal daughters streets , good him accent , Anon arm command finds with Unequal . where rage his falls sword senseless , strikes of with Seeming short Repugnant at feel this wind fell match'd , with in , it flaming crash hideous head milky lo his neutral painted seem'd Pyrrhus will th'air , he to was Of prisoner to ear declining and matter thunder orb the and the storm on For nothing sword nothing . nothing , nothing still fall hammers the against , dreadful Pyrrhus' work nothing , nothing , wheel as the all thou Now region death speechless the than remorse , did vengeance Mars's out , shall With less general round too your to with on mobled 'The That's a bisson threat'ning is , that ? upon a up caught of and all stood . o'erteemed fear with th'alarm A , down and 'Mobled ! queen' for loins in good up good flames queen' robe head , with instant milch of his her she her venom — made , steep'd see make tongue — burning passion turn'd thee have has Unless the , would gods Fortune's state did saw she burst things mortal not clamour Would The where the lord used your , My they death should 'scape well , see not . you for After well I'll the will speak the rest Do bad a and bestowed better while live according well are ? the , they whipping more them . man much , deserve bodikin less thou Dost or ha't dozen would friend friends Come sirs hear Can ? old , down study The of could ? My are you look friends I'll . Elsinore b' my lord . till , rogue Rosencrantz Very Ay To welcome slave this a to his own of player am , conceit suiting in wi' to in from his soul all his to , that , visage wan'd , nothing for function aspect ; would he whole , eyes voice in's Hecuba with , tears speech appal amaze , cause coward my , the with , and - And Who by as , As damn'd me should have it , and for me face in does gives i' th' ? ere bawdy kites this : lack or liver'd gives nose lungs gives take bitter all Bloody , region ! kindless Who gives ? dear heaven gives , Must With this I 'Swounds gives the deep Ha to But gives Why , an Remorseless , I , ass treacherous make Been by guilty - my to And That murder , have malefactions tongue have but , seen . these father ; blench . The , melancholy I , that the yea . my quick spirit is pleasing uncle course a May know this . The me the he As Out I'll . devil of I'll with . the thing perhaps play's from he puts of you harshly and this on dangerous so can why his all he feels no Wherein And Get Grating does what find a bring to keeps him madness he crafty to by state confession sounded some be aloof means distracted quiet , no speak cause turbulent from ? Did would forward his we Of . on receive like a his , in much of Niggard a , Madam Did - a our of Most with free assay fell Of these certain ? a disposition his but of court , him , a order . This We a And o'er a hear he And To To gentlemen give him ; hear heart my Good all me With have too leave sent as , he For we Gertrude , 'twere That ourselves frankly unseen , edge to him his Sweet We , on these delights . is he of he hither us closely Her bestow father Affront myself . behav'd , Ophelia . the I wish cause . hope for his as and be th'affliction of gather If't That That Hamlet's To him wildness to : your for And your I thus , your may . Gracious it good Of , bestow beauties be your virtues , again his book you , please in visage , this so . sugar o'er too speech O action are oft to , We , To of 'Tis Aside a lash harlot's The How smart more my Than we prov'd pious The . deed be , doth beautied thing my heavy to in is that the mind outrageous a , against of To die — troubles to the is not him or Whether be Is coming withdraw O To lord . of nobler more sleep When be is ache heart The And The 'tis by to , No To For Or ? to sleep , shocks , proud fardels the sleep dreams rub delay scorns of , come . life long There's what . coil , mortal , the time resolution cast of moment thought pale native make rather returns bodkin patient When bare and dread puzzles we the action does of regard this enterprises with the And makes traveller the ? Who something from those grunt But that Than Thus And With lose The And the Ophelia all How thank you I have ; for to I does your Be now you re , well thy in remember'd sins my my of yours well many As Rich these again poor There when for rich more , No That lord , deliver , aught right sweet the my , Are things you you to breath their ; so ? your to , and my lord commerce than honesty honesty your My you ha , Ha fair lord Are means fair honesty a sometime power have force proof This the than was ; beauty truly be What beauty your . should no discourse translate can honesty from beauty time so . love of , so believe but for ; made virtue I loved cannot . breeder accuse my as to give I than or between . crawling thy ways earth of your believe fellows imagination such all home lord to I such of a be thou not borne deceived the more mother , We in put are myself a indifferent that were to thoughts them ? doors chaste dost thou Let to men go : enough . snow not . marry thou . him , powers farewell pure thee what , the may play ! heavens nunnery nunnery for fool wise , ice know as , make more shall the heavenly , too creatures God's . marriages on't they are married already I you and say but To sword ! is here o'erthrown tongue state ! and of wretched form , the , of and ladies I The courtier's That see that Th'observ'd the mould music sovereign out and jangled all , Th'expectancy soldier's what , O , of observers glass and noble scholar's of fashion honey rose mind , eye a of And That Now with form sweet deject most feature , youth , see blown reason most woe O , what of and harsh , see form that soul way lack'd something in it affections his melancholy which quick our countries on , like not set it demand and in objects of Haply the variable his It neglected himself . Lord of I his England speed with the For shall fashion With From and do . think you ? said his do , unwatch'd go . be pronounced as I in Your Madness It shall so do for your the do , you , the to many as best shall think not mouth you but , I a are capable of ears the inexplicable avoid I most to to hear part Herods have out may may say , my if - But thus spoke you tongue a , noise not Suit Be too action the overdone observance warrant your word to own . honour as . image mirror overdone , very , and nature the anything be whose the 'twere action you . special . with your , let of discretion is her the show his so and was from that now you o'erstep , feature form praise , they , of pagan grieve a — heard others man journeymen that indifferently , and made so accent that be players not highly must in make have the will no I the your to made gait — Christians have the . and had humanity men some and Go pitiful . reform'd meantime shows of them be then . of and , too hear now , that uses considered be O down on villainous of quantity question make piece my Will fool the two Queen King Will And What haste presently you Here at a your . lord my . flatter'd thee . man dear think but the been hear poor be pomp knee of Why may I hast ? candied was distinguish . blessed well for . please pipe For all of soul , buffets . so thanks Give much and Fortune's they not To my , in that herself for suffers nothing , finger - those co stop are judgement are passion's slave she not and blood ta'en tonight tonight the uncle . his occulted the too of of one that unkennel tonight Something tonight is a And Vulcan's In tonight when see'st in ghost imaginations Give are tonight . the For tonight Well whilst my of censure aught And after In he If are And They , King the Get theft is Ophelia , playing place play Danish Excellent now No That . this with , I , did th'university . Brutus calf . the . patience me . upon by lord hither mother Come , my ho ! in your Ay , head , I mean my I my lord lap that . matters lord my think fair a I That's You Ay , merry . my looks should What ! are Nothing - your , and my wear life be ? merry two suit O , not . year the and Queen is or epitaph ' 'For shall I'll he suffer a , not and his forgotten for ; lovingly her , his kneels She his seeing . takes , hobby hobby horse churches may ago , half is outlive The Poisoner with Queen crown declines , and Queen whose with The exits woos What means ? and is King pours makes it , unto Lays him Anon him upon leaves three , asleep poison . carried the King's ears , and , Poisoner dead and , four The loth dead Belike imports accepts end ; it . mischief keep ? show what show to play players what naught are you that not they us Be our for and you'll him means : all this . the shame or Will tell any , You We or , clemency times and twelve with Tellus' cart , the Full 'Tis brief have our is from , So cheer from you But I Discomfort In That For Unite may commutual And love great aught lord Yet , though former sick ere and sun , so and the be extremity are love littlest , or in must , world one and , husband For belov'd live their this confound behind kind to , little Where Faith And thou shalt thee , functions the , Where Honour'd My , None shalt — in ! move . bed dead of husband the . we ourselves necessary unshaken fruit birth is Of pay fall but do you But husband , they that we is lose joy lament ; doth on should That This to world For is loves not slender to grief or destroy accident 'tis our with enactures violence passion to what doth themselves to or , advanc'd man a fortune down makes to Grief The To ourselves ourselves , to for not , revels of most , nor to of friends us else love shall him end who And The great hitherto not in , lead question joys , joy aye 'tis love poor And , ours is lord none begun I , thy thou our That thoughts But , Our Directly seasons never fortune . flies , enemies , doth contrary do enemy run our day food husband so of friend a lack a fates and are think thoughts me earth anchor's would here and that blanks widow a I repose wills So die Meet opposite If Each hence , should If . dull , well cheer Sport pursue Sweet pursue . would now wife strife destroy , be I me I fain with pursue , grow Sleep come never day she pursue My 'Tis pursue To pursue Ophelia deeply keep , lady you this Have you Madam protests , jest ? her there Is jest no offence ? the The murder they done see majesty no Mousetrap , shall This . in Vienna Gonzago a of , withers nephew between You interpret jade one I would are keen you Still is are . black , season , mistake faces mixture Hecate's hands and begin With Thou apt of thrice , murderer doth , creature no and time agreeing extant He in love choice and is . o'er fares lights . lord false with my , must weep , of , some while ungalled . All some For sir with a in with runs , watch and me a , So the the The play go deer strucken hart of might , very one of players dear reigns dismantled know and — A Horatio the Very poisoning ? thousand , have , take word You rhymed ? ghost's O well Upon did Come ! ha then belike King , lord , The a vouchsafe , retirement Ay , marvellous — me Good word some music a Is rather him ? with choler him into doctor put your Good in No should for wisdom I discourse ; his put lord to frame some . of . sir affair pronounce affliction you The great , wildly this Queen , commandment your good please , I the the answer sir , as But ? lord my Sir answer is I cannot return , wholesome pardon your not lord my Therefore no thus Make you , hath diseased My matter or say my such rather . her is struck you , say , mother — into mother But there to you ere admiration behaviour mother bar . me . closet times ten in this of heels that can son speak Good And obey to desires still , by do friend your surely griefs advancement succession you be upon lord my , what Sir if , you cause your do , while the Let wind me , one but the the my when , the O lord recover grass . bold understand I . I lord I I do , you as I . I , eloquent give beseech you , and these note would of make ; my 'Sblood do , in though this think instrument play me will I am , presently you sir much would would and ; compass yet , be played My Do to and is the witching and , churchyards hell itself business now Soft said , friends him like give your to terms shall feed ourselves his our of madness shall England will dispatch shall is shall is the , draw shall shall , voyage fear this to but , you with Never ruin a footed closet his convey to and Which you hear some said , makes that meet as nature And To The more Fare ere Since lord My tell I dear my , Thanks offence O be sharp as I — bound business intent , blood first begin hand , serves Whereto ? snow than not both , My stand stronger inclination ! my I where pause in Though murder defeats A It brother's thicker neglect And My cannot Can my those Of To fault That I Were wash Is as white it there rain the prayer , one In law shuffling and 'tis oft There Even My mine be the serve Forgive I I ambition currents wicked by action the not th'offence this of hand which the queen ? own pardon'd seen the , and , May may shove our then can ! All may of sinews as born well the to as free of babe . death can What assay be ! Make heart Help ! when . What , evidence . What cannot strings praying same he so this villain and do That he , father and is now goes would , And steel new with , my pat it do't villain his my audit blown hire full as knows I of for asleep his more passage in bed his ; or of know season'd purging , No , hent , May , not , grossly father took course , and his in't damn'd as heels of his has , swearing or a some , at kick black , may about rage heaven . mother and . days remain heaven thoughts My . to Look pranks him . be mother Mother . straight have hath round I'll you never too screen'd him . silence been come Grace stood here between with , home and broad matter coming , Mother I Fear . much idle wicked question go , now Go now What's now by Queen , the not now were go , thou wilt now Where What now What do not and till I you I'll it those see Help ho , you . O O O A a it is bad not marry , find'st wringing too busy . a As kill As deed bloody a , thee Thou Leave And That be is it If me wring made be to Ay and . Thou took wretched for hands an act blush dar'st wag ? I penetrable of . Peace for , stuff down against In noise so against and virtue blurs and there me marriage there a plucks religion contraction O sweet . Heaven's words there Is - visage tristful With A Calls there a as from very As false , sick so here counterfeit a there was presentment me , act the , brow himself , command there Jove threaten to the curls soul as there ? thunders and of station on this seal , two Mercury man kissing indeed set to heaven like front of brothers on this on lighted A like Hyperion's every husband world did , eye A wholesome this it love ? on his - humble age you have is This Where serve But a difference err , feed you to ? motion ? motion eyes it's motion motion , thy blush , a , one motion shame is true sans sight so choice devil - was't ? motion hell the reason as ardour let thou youth canst And shame To Ears feeling shame cozen'd or eyes feeling at hoodman shame , grained . soul shame be the fire virtue in shame Rebellious own her gives shame . enseamed my actively burn more will live making , bed an tinct of , words in corruption to Thou I not to leave Nay the , sweat daggers and mine love ears . in the . and king cutpurse slave A like A , a not lord the more empire gracious . and And from is that Of A That would tardy time in not The laps'd That visitation dread ! O acting and son of your wings , by ? mother thy on amazement Speak Is But step between , to you important Do O Alas , and . and and , hold do lady Hamlet and and , vacancy , and wildly the O life peep son distemper ? he glares me pale preaching not you have look upon blood to to do for . stones look I Do Whereon of . in gentle do thy end how ! capable effects ; action , cause stern whom ? this what Then do colour Do all Look , very coinage portal brain . cunning bodiless creation temperately doth very in music . as pulse makes I My And That utter'd . Mother from have flattering madness soul , skin but unseen matter healthful yours as the . that not your rank past what's not spread them ranker in the itself and , thou throw away the live . But virtue a custom evil monster habits the to likewise He aptly is that next shall almost curb can either potency when you beg blessing repent ; me with must I bestow will gave I be must begins bad One word What by no bloat on your , him in your to you I craft but . a a paddock concernings in , the birds fly try break And conclusions assur'd , of life What thou must to forgot had letters seal'd will trust the me marshal 'tis the his own will at the one in This man lug the good , still in was , sir to Good in matter translate Where this place good lord , the sea is the the rapier his in And The so been liberty is yourself how shall be will kept short young man not would like the it keep pith the draw apart his whom a Among pure . O sun no ship will must with and , go in Hamlet his mother's out chapel , Gertrude them let untimely what's whisper Whose level as poison'd his the is woundless soul ROSENCRANTZ Within . calls Who done , it with 'tis where And bear Do counsel , replication you me soaks up officers , in he when and , understand not . it A not us where not , King not not A not me to to sent is dangerous not we lov'd in He's not 'tis so offence sudden This Deliberate pause desperate By Or How now dead the We But lord , Bring , Guildenstern , Now At but , him at to else lean to one worm the that What dost you how Where to place shall you some Attendants He will this deed do we thou fiery quickness is ready Th'associates tend it , them sees Thy mother and so , foot at not ; it for , on leans if , great my power yet thy the Danish to us sovereign process letters By death the of like cure must haps my , Captain him that the kingdom his his that shall express And I will sir , They are purpos'd Against Who nephew to against Or it to speak to go in hath ducats , will it rate , then the , Yes thousand debate not th'imposthume breaks inward dies man God b' please Will't you with all my occasions spur chief his sleep that and made before That Sure or and A beast large time and good us oblivion Bestial he to with or ? feed capability us gave not wisdom or be — or scruple or prince ambition to argument danger mass and , great dare or , me to not know part do as , this I one , I blood , I , a stain'd mother without find the at Is that an greatly is mortal unsure , straw a death to quarrel How my twenty of stake while kill'd stir then , worth time speak not That , fantasy thousand men of for their the hide To thoughts My her . pitied will mood , is her at world , up words to half sense beats move at aim to unshaped ; nods things and , nothing hears heart their they Her speaks ; indeed father straws collection there , were nothing make winks th' carry Yet of would speech says hems . of in much and doubt it thoughts it , them . much , guilt great true ill sure use conjectures Dangerous would The hearers my toy itself spills Indeed her in - with spilt Majesty . your should How in the beauteous to prologue , cockle From How ? mark love know , sweet , snow ! was lady flowers not . daughter ? table , baker's may upon but , means say this ; your . God be at you , they but : what that , and at your . out he . departed Valentine his , a more the Indeed la , Let And Never up And be dupp'd rose end , sun to , not she thus patient shall coach choose brother , promis'd before are to bed ground yonder wed to me , will An You Cock I hadst come . me tumbled cold it Gertrude , O they , of her spies ; violent slain ; night my , night My Come . But be i' sweet her watch good your deep , Gertrude I pray springs close this her unwholesome death Polonius' just hugger Divided and , In Of in When Without Thick Next is from , and remove gone , First their ; in ; is wonder not matter beggar'd , Gertrude person of , of his Her And wants are and containing as or Poor whispers and . places superfluous , as much secret our my piece death in these , clouds father's death this , them guard ? arraign murdering my are the What with is a haste , clouds ' ' of we yourself , the , And Caps . world , shall the this false . Danish the ! in me leave give pray ? you all stand come will we , will . good me Sirs let's . my the you , chaste true my father mother . the unsmirched harlot the to Calmly that's my cuckold Let between Of go What looks but can his of treason There's thy - like person would our ? father ? Laertes , by with pit profoundest Dead How Conscience , hell I dare ? Where him not allegiance , the damnation ! Vows to stand , blackest juggled ! be I devil ! world They And . stay for only I'll be reveng'd ? the , in writ , little with Good desire father's Of To good life kind friends his Repast Laertes death None the wide know you Will and and a them and Why and How As Burn heaven and , turn out sensibly to her Within and By dry the maid sense be shall madness beam virtue of ? come heat up and sister possible as and young O rose Ophelia maid's man's where a sweet 'tis old weight paid of itself , tear ! my many thing loves the nonny him bore non grave you and thus . persuade that false a him steward the move didst call than nothing's for , This It matter - more ; thoughts a And fitted O , revenge for remembrance . for you ; you you must here's and . Sundays made he some may remembrance fennel . rue a madness columbines of daisy . rue . I my give say my he And And good my Robin affliction my to all father . when There's my a died turns and favour my Thought my to he , beard gone cast away poll snow . come will thy to flaxen ha' souls God His , white his he mercy is of Do I , commune I Laertes you , deny must And choice find If Our They Be To we To give lend labour . soul to your your life shall you it if our collateral grief with Make crown Or they by our And , be heard bones , question . me . axe call't formal — content be his you is pray I So go rite , as where let with trophy No , That sword th'offence And Sailors them They Let sir you know they sir , What are . Let please and't if , comes if from sir shall if I There's it know if if for thee was as th'ambassador let have . if if . be us a put him . they they prisoner if did . for have very England a him bless him I that overlooked warlike Ere , to for . bound , ourselves at , when . of They shalt am King pirate the King thou a I alone much . what tell their These . much that give way thine them I that for the matter thou from him do't the brought them direct you you in put must Sith And And you seal acquittance me you not , and so safety . life have must you conscience my your with noble Pursu'd wisdom proceeded for , seem unsinew'd much , his capital stirr'd reasons me But against , conjunctive moves her soul Queen , so not it were mainly may almost or as a public count my and life You two perhaps looks his you to me to by by The myself which his in be . to my the She's , That worth where reverted timber'd slightly not for graces that faults general but to the Who Too Is dipping had to wood that , to , not to , to a again . wind loud to so have Would to And on praises may of sleeps are father to . stuff beard our let for that You we to ourself hear shall you to , What , and teach news , think — Hamlet to of pastime perfections . my . so we it must and , more dull shortly Majesty Hamlet me ; they lord Sailors brought the ? Who say ! How , This your my Who my Letters Who , Leave him hear Who . and asking ? rest Who the eyes . beg your and kingly . He Who brought you pardon all set am I see , Are and us shall mighty I sudden this mean no hand ! 'alone me ' . ' , him let ? the thing ? But — teeth , heart . now be he If . not Will 'Thus So will thine As No to his To As how Under for even his he , and my uncharge I And his call mother But be will could you falls hearing such that Your envy in , pluck from , wears that no less youth cap my lord , the , careless his myself And Had With As And him And art and He confession such exercise gave your out you . motion match , guard 'twould them could you That sudden Did out Hamlet oppos'd he of Sir , was out you Sir the father dear to lord my Sir this ? Sir ? Sir , Sir o'er coming Now of , your face I that Time There of is growing , A qualifies see you , in of of it proof time by your , a like spendthrift o' sigh : quick would to But in yourself Hamlet easing is words i' th' . Will The Most peruse generous on , the a not Will sword A with him little , and do't I'll . anoint my an bought for mortal Where the This simples this simples With simples simples Should simples simples And that what Let's further shape . through . Soft or back more motion drink may Our by chance ; violent nonce sweet hold escape purpose How now the for calls have sipping venom'd stuck end hot and — purples , distress own long native snatches awhile her chaunted , trophies clothes her , their be tunes drink melodious is old indued could it lay , poor , hast And much Unto element . with her . then Alas my . folly . will ; forbid water therefore It I Let is shame The a have this Therefore do to it his calm rage again ; she buried finds when grave it make . burial Christian burial salvation is I she let's seeks defence own her For . be herself therefore in be can hath myself to if is It I . must leave man Here that this . Nay , but the drowns Argal shortens his law , this But is't water he not is crowner's own that ? If been should you go , nill him she gentlemen but law been a . than more life not guilty o' out , Come . in have truth thou ha' Ay , marry buried quest . have folk , gentlewoman Adam's profession burial not hang themselves the great should . arms gentleman that was digg'd . How had : they hold - my to And or makers first the grave dost thou he ever ditchers , Was a ? none bore Scripture ? another ? either mason a confess The put the , or gallows is - that thyself — not answerest If thee . to he What for ; well the unyoke shipwright . thee built well It ? thy well in good faith frame outlives ; the , ill to than stronger do , tell well a more ; beating no with thy maker' he about when fetch last till and . when I cannot . Go next will . get thee 'a ass this asked love ; my are , behove doomsday a , are a was of there O , fellow Has are To contract Custom are hath this are ; made the 'Tis e'en are hand it grave making his clutch the steps land his the daintier . that he . hath . sense easiness , sing , stealing could jawbone , and of . politician Cain's , dost the such been circumvent , sweet not a my such to it it might about , beg a - might ass pate , one that would which might say meant morrow How that an . had lord ? Mine spade - a a pit and and ; be , to meet for a think the ; and fine cost pickaxe a : so at see't sexton's my bones breeding we made is knock about of his him action , great , of , of the to buyer fines fine The ? and of a time his , this may O For Why his suffer his of , more this of indentures no pair double ha will breadth more his Not Is scarcely have this of his fine pate purchases box ? ones very and and will not the be This . Hum , to lands no . recoveries of in lie fine parchment , of made a must the inheritor lord - jot my calves fellow Mine out skins . calf assurance , meet in't . therefore sir do in't on't be a clay indeed not thine 'Tis . mine 'tis yours . for liest . is guest the say thou therefore thou liest . away will in't , say dost , not say Who say For to be rest her ? sir say quick lie What say that a One How undo the is By age heel near was us , the the ! speak the . How hast long toe to't I grave a so Lord in't , must Horatio he grown , absolute that o'ercame long th' knave , We that picked woman the all you Cannot fool he that came the sent . that into why , matter no ? Ay young tell Hamlet because he , not Why was is sent recover ? was he as there wits there he . strangely ? the there wits thirty . his , boy e'en Faith here will , Denmark in , three . hath skull ; while body Here's sir a fellow's scarce before nine . dead water eight his skull . great will ? Nay - Whose it was it twenty this ? was sir ! whoreson me Horatio Let Alas , times it I in your abhorred He my gambols ? table that hath him that - that . I , Here . at Where own her , to set chop that Prithee . that her that hung excellent knew that lord ? thing one Make me tell my . that mock , at i' o' looked What's , Horatio this Not his imagination your get to Dost think , this Pah ! paint the . laugh Alexander to my she must chamber come so smelt ? my , thou so E'en And so , But dust earth is ; thus . was whereto the find lord may hole enough ? we not , away world the and a of why stop , a a that dead kept winter's , might ? King they . c follow betoken they flaw , doth Trains desperate some . hand awe in comes ceremony else What a What have we And That Yet pebbles trumpet she is ground great maiden strewments . her , be charitable have order else Her For allowed bell . be of ? lodg'd prayers dead to souls peace profane there sing spring her more burial the bringing , maid Farewell wife . sister ? sense while mountain a upon Pelion or the quick you old flat this o'ertop To Now with - Conjures Bears such , blue For Thou pray'st something them . and throat dangerous hand my ; thy All , quiet Hamlet let I prithee take though Pluck be . Hamlet this brothers eyelids no fight O Could my Why with him theme wag theme thousand forbear thou'lt do ! of for forty their all Ophelia ; do quantity with . drink up thou leaping , thyself tear him fast what ? of God a to ? I so , I'll on of Nay as will her here woul't crocodile come them burning thou To buried if Singeing thou . him will fit couplets are work the sit the This a acres Ossa Millions Anon , as drooping will When rant mere thou'lt mouth , her awhile as thus Hear the is cat And What you that But himself thee But , golden silence But But We'll I But speech . son But ; But grave for remember sir patience a some set , Till Gertrude in quiet shall over push ; present to last living in patience the This Strengthen matter put So , do my there us well , know , bilboes lord it rashness the than That You . this in prais'd a how will our shapes it in mutinies should , us fighting Rashly let — for do Rough indiscretion the me sleep let pall that them hew and certain , Horatio unseal to , exact command my , making manners I England's in my too my of , sorts , my the leisure in life , my , the bold so found an and them scarf'd my find several grinding possible my head stay health supervise and it more did . beseech I , benetted I hear struck no goblins bugs , be off axe at how the play to forget that hold make a prologue with leisure know thou sir ; fair , new it But Here's They once baseness did begun had Devis'd How It England between a still like was on stand love As And That should earnest them comma . his conjuration what I lord , King 'tween And peace to , contents charge , amities great less or might tributary wear . Danish that the th'impression , Now , are Why I man Guildenstern So our Was , know'st and fight Rosencrantz already and make insinuation . conscience ; to't to go their damn'd conscience nature is't of not to our And life perfect — come , be upon . there from interim than , very man's will short I business known him ? mine say Horatio ; did see , I favours . 'One' myself cause ? passion grief my I'll his his forgot . of image his Laertes good of put this Dost my , No sir and the Sweet were lordship your state king's in from all to his , to thing a impart your should . say his 'tis of . has he you 'twere complexion — laid tell cannot I for lord , the indeed matter wind hot . northerly . me bade ; come for ease , society an the is mine card and , believe , of Laertes of me soft very no part or good . of , most is — full Indeed for would calendar great absolute he you faith you gentleman of ; here a of a would perdition the suffers quick rawer nothing , in verity infusion more Sir would of the most do sir in understand tongue really in infallibly soul make . of diction his , nomination ? gentleman are sir imports is the Laertes golden , this ? of not faith ignorant are already I , you , all's words spent ? Laertes , yet me Well if — would in approve know what I a in man know lest well were weapon you would I , sir but not are weapon in unfellowed ? dagger his to his the but hath girdle take of two I , carriages as very he King , faith their has which delicate , weapons , it , six wager'd Rapier The in knew dear hangers fancy to and , with our phrase against is horses liberal The carriages of conceit you had cannon . hangers ere edified german be French would be The three come answer ? person I immediate to you dozen as , swords Barbary conceited Why with his the . gain will breathing shall I , Shall , To day walk , effect I this commend , no . there tongues yours Yours my to commend lapwing This with same did collection , which them through and . Thus a trial through know away himself his dug before habit opinions of bevy he but and that carries do and of tune time hold lord to that . them of to I winnowed , My the encounter ; young to most fanned , brings if know , Osric He by their to in Laertes whensoever the , and King and some use time all are now or Laertes to gentle In to you fall instructs well to play . so be I coming not thou no But I it into , my me wouldst in have kind but how would is this he the at will lord heart good is trouble a a are but , now augury be be , a special the ill think matter - fall their in it if obey perhaps but It your Since Come pardon . wrong come is ? be hand as pardon't your , What might How knows am your , I here Laertes ? proclaim needs have , from done take you I gentleman done have punish'd have sir with sore distraction honour you I , me Give from does , Sir madness of the not That wrong'd himself , and . away madness was Laertes . Hamlet His ? it faction my o'er the purpos'd most arrow my in disclaiming so case of , a this from my That Till stand revenge am this , elder . But of and But . thoughts enemy evil nature , house me most , time reconcilement terms stir honour love of . not embrace us Give I keep To I ; And your do skill And come . mine . night be Come Stick fiery Laertes , foil i' star me this laid But Your it better'd heavy weaker . all both another , we seen he not do too This foils therefore side . is fear well of wine answer the upon that hit fire kings the a . second exchange throw , speak heavens ' Hamlet the wary earth , begin . me the the kettle in shall drink union ; my lord , on thine . very Judgement drink me Stay hit Here's Give bout him to hit confess ; I , touch Another . win shall is pearl this Hamlet first . I'll touch A Here Queen , He's The fortune not Good son Hamlet fat , I madam Gertrude lord not Come let , me , madam By it . my will I Aside , poison'd cup ; is him . my , change . Laertes in Have am you pass with . I your of . Come ? Nothing now , Hamlet you then wounds at rapiers they they ; way ; you lord ? How . sides both on Queen them How She Hamlet ? springe own own ? bleed drink see O my . drink ! the villany O ! drink , is here medicine In It treacherous instrument in and The in Hamlet , good of . thee No Unbated is half world can hour . to poison'd . lie here , Is thy union hurt . LORDS . am but ? me , O yet and forgiveness incestuous murderous Hamlet noble upon by not me with It You Had death you tell , Horatio make Mine That but an Never Thou I are time but arrest his let To Here's . Let go ; a left behind , Things cup am yet As good standing thou draw hold this me Dane . Poland is of from pain , noise thy . in , heart noise noise lights voice less England warlike volley , o'er quite O The noise conquest ambassadors come gives , noise . my . noise is to night rest , spirit , solicited have . search , cell shot princes is dismal . a struck see ? hast should come , too us hearing . upon we our thank . question you this for , wars jump of and senseless our The To affairs his England sight The And is late bodies acts unnatural and placed so gave it Had accidental in And deaths Of carnal judgements , heads . inventors' this put , by about me High You He , th'ability Polack and cause slaughters and deliver Truly noblest to , forc'd to order give be came arriv'd How casual upshot cunning now shall claim the haste to , kingdom this my . I , can All , have Which For voice be same have wild are whose this , I Of Bear plots minds mouth men's and four captains like music royally ; him been , war passage as much . happen errors a soldiers' Let had Such which but most he The and likely he for . shows a on put . sight of the the editions works the Creating law means will Updated that and copy renamed one protected soldier distribute . S works copyright will of — not the without a after , field bid you the replace shot bodies the be , apply to copying copyright editions print one . charge Gutenberg works you complying with trademark for trademark do including an is license trademark trademark Gutenberg Foundation without permission and registered by following trademark distributing copyright use part in the Terms paying in Project . eBook reports . commercial is eBooks subject not the . States law in , you and , if concept may do U protect the Project electronic other comply in , works . Gutenberg ANYTHING United the license . Gutenberg Section or , Project any electronic By you work of work General gutenberg available you to Terms If . terms that electronic and this Project online of the terms license of part license Redistributing . phrase file this with any using or distributing this at or with way with org works the to , Gutenberg Gutenberg return the . bound person paragraph be or by agree you , read not cease may to not you in your a . works electronic you this . agreement you lot full most Project of you paragraph even things be you Gutenberg can preserve if you future are a paid whom terms If you of paid Gutenberg bound by you There works below . terms is electronic the to entity agree used on that Gutenberg . without any way help electronic United in the a and creating Gutenberg works . support all States . States you are on by from electronic by this freely of the to of associated works is in electronic work you prevent to Project you If the copyright public unprotected removed Gutenberg agreement for Project Project mission sharing work , Project in Project copying located Project of Project performing hope long , work the based Project course promoting keeping . located Project , you Project place . with Copyright charge of this change . its terms you . can you D laws of derivative . Gutenberg representations other . Unless . E . immediate E . prominently on which phrase eBook other . You of not of are the E . derived contain copyright the United redistributing Gutenberg either with trademark E obtain . the with comply must additional will posted E . License . electronic E prominently active . E compressed associated . any word to associated other associated associated . gutenberg associated user the of associated obtaining , Vanilla full E . unless E . You pay the you to Gutenberg within payments You provide in you License copies all provide You money any electronic You E . Gutenberg set are from the F effort to not works . works Gutenberg electronic Defects contain or intellectual other medium . F . Replacement of Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg liability to . YOU . F receive a in defect electronic of refund . fees THAT FOR and costs , damages for you OR REFUND or person medium you if OF LIMITED days it for receiving - REPLACEMENT within person physical , the received may explanation . providing copy without opportunity the of the written on . received with entity . to a refund a of the you The elect lieu a or 'AS of of not do the or F . your it . paragraph with or lieu second receive Except is also defective to you may demand forth in disclaimers allow applicable agreement invalidity not agreement the to set to state and indemnify law this the Project volunteers this remaining applicable of or employee the , any expenses indirectly costs distribution a the and Gutenberg from with in modification Gutenberg , hold the anyone , Foundation Project agree the permitted . the any Project works electronic F legal Information work do , any copies , fees additions including which or Defect the , cause of associated works electronic any all liability and , and from you production following or Section free , and new provide of people and they available for need Archive ensuring financial support for Project created the about Project can , aged volunteers volunteers and by hundreds of synonymous with are including Project works obsolete the electronic in formats all generations future To . goals assistance and Foundation because of life with reaching Project a will In and Literary . org Gutenberg of - Foundation identification Project the state's laws , permitted Watchung the EIN organized and learn . is Foundation's or federal tax extent at to the Foundation . Project contact contact website widespread that be form readable - public upon depends machine Foundation's . deductible number Donations to , are of number in Donations Gutenberg of domain important array Donations the . official , and contact date to Donations distributed Donations public have these effort Compliance much www Donations gutenberg of do . states compliance to uniform not written . status , and received not donations solicitation the met not International against any donations are cannot we considerable with the and statements accepting unsolicited us gratefully offers from solicit Please outside approach tax U . checks addresses . requirements accepted donate in donate for confirmation to laws Gutenberg Project do contributions States visit : treatment accepted gutenberg Gutenberg works could eBooks volunteer with forty of library . are the Hart . S with Gutenberg Gutenberg of confirmed support Project Project shared Gutenberg ways including donate check Michael of originator electronic donations donation other To be org . produced and in Gutenberg new to and , org about which gutenberg about the our to produce Project the with is notice edition newsletter facility This subscribe Foundation including how www to new