and Who's , Stand Barnardo He . Stand upon You Stand 'Tis Stand King Stand this And relief twelve a Stand mouse quiet and Marcellus sick thanks now I am thee to 'Tis Well you bid ! ho , guard watch Stand to And Give , what , Say has farewell Barnardo Holla Welcome What , thing appear'd ? of of seen this along him fantasy seen nothing appear . night . him take twice entreated , let belief but it . 'twill not , our tush , we are And That What Well us let Peace In Thou Looks the dead the . wonder . Mark it Horatio speak like it comes King to with King harrows It . It march What ! speak charge thee answer . pale ! on't fantasy ! might eyes and King the th'ambitious , sledded , hath Polacks at watch he and jump an I state opinion know before martial Thus He twice scope that , knows . our watch , brazen of mart why Why What might Who can with strange strict subject of Sunday the of impress , labourer of most Fortinbras Norway us , seal'd by which emulate our appear'd to last me inform can , know ; of this Whose make Doth by known who law our and , had return'd cov'nant King , competent the life his with , Did Which As Hath His to Hamlet Well hath a stomach well recover unto those And . motive our watch but in the e'en portentous so watch that rummage like the , land . wars so . of sort is the squeak little A And heaven to and our Unto Was And like harbingers Have Disasters almost the in though , hast earth there to That But I'll earth cross soft earth , Lo ! climatures earth earth it earth thou If For Shall they which Which , happily if Extorted Speak it . it Marcellus speak of majestical ! the , mockery . invulnerable crew , herein the of And , confine , Some It , singeth , they bird of , wholesome are all celebrated , to power is hath do the time it . part yon by hill , strike long , charm it speak fitting , loves our , Let's , Cornelius morning duty him my seen my tonight ? death brother's dear Attendant us it and of . woe with on befitted ourselves our brow our queen state warlike now of discretion hath wisest think , dropping in joy with and funeral scale to , 'twere one mirth Your affair this For young gone marriage eye delight weighing and this a defeated dirge , have which freely , dole and we late and his advantage brother's out frame death worth our Fortinbras our of to surrender , brother for this time law : him meeting here have much of message bonds of Fortinbras , rid bed and his business uncle and his gait , good , bearers of this articles , further greeting , you the business to more personal the scope than to with all CORNELIUS and that no Cornelius and King you old Norway duty , dispatch we suit to , our duty is't farewell show will heartily news Dane , Laertes , heart , the , to to native have wouldst is head Than throne more my be more the From Yet , favour Dread leave To I My And bow Your must to thoughts Take And will laboursome them now wishes and , my his Upon thy now But , fair hour my Aside is How thy you ; less am too much my than you . die vailed colour clouds more lord like it that , like Good so my , eye thy like Do thine like like madam ! Why not alone so be . common like in all nature that to like , eye visage indeed might show nature your the within forms fruitful river of the forc'd of is suspiration truly . a that trappings shows , that you To obsequious in and me of nor the all in grief of which these mourning give , denote 'Tis must but These it Why we should fault To reason against absurd till and , 'tis our the dead ? fathers most corse whose he a We pray you still to , of to nobility bears think to fault fault common opposition sense , throne of throw theme cried earth , today , our with which Let I , courtier her our desire Wittenberg our , remain in bend your his , love intent . madam Wittenberg son our and . Hamlet , of . and in heart cannon jocund Sits And But Re too too this that self , His How on't to canon Or stale the seed ! O Seem So That he a too excellent to two Fie Must Visit Why roughly beteem Heaven increase remember face and — on't fed it me Let By what little month Like Would O My father's mourn'd brother Hercules , beast all which think tears yet cannot , nor dexterity to in salt flushing . left O of more wants . no most but a unrighteous . like married Within her galled . tongue . post my . good hold . ever friend with name that make And am But shall would I faith , glad Marcellus to in Good even , Wittenberg . truant ? funeral mother's funeral meats . heaven . see dearest marriage hard in , day the The tables ! Horatio that my met coldly thrift , King think I shall my him man not Saw , till you . while marvel For Upon With By his Stand Within thus Been with and truncheon's and fear them and , before Appears their In dumb And they , where we ? not are But Form My And vanish'd sound I As the very honour'd it my writ of but it . in ? 'tis , lord down me you We from not saw lord . BARNARDO , to to top my Both say ? face in in ? up than pale eyes ? he lord my I While , much been had And It with moderate haste . longer Not Longer beard grizzled I I A was seen watch tonight itself should , gape father's my have whatsoever loves shall hap , eleven , visit no in tonight , in not the would ! in arms 'twixt be hitherto conceal'd in in but . an platform : soul my play mine in you is : honour All as in doubt then sit some father's , loves Your Till Though still them , necessaries are as embark'd , let convoy me the . hear you a violet A more no ; not minute alone ; not this and loves cautel of is fear , must but inward now Perhaps will subject unvalu'd do not on for , not , his whole this is choice his himself weigh'd he must as of and Then health his to soul , you now besmirch if your the is It May Than it Fear The Out itself chariest her 'scapes unmask or not fear or the shot she keep you the or canker oft the are buttons galls before infants best or then , itself rebels or their the maid danger of of enough strokes or the prodigal calumnious rear in And or Contagious , none in . do pastors ungracious some as th'effect thorny and of his path heart to to shall good . of dalliance libertine ; grace . shame you with . blessing thy sail , adoption thoughts his shoulder There but , dull to that Bear't , unfledg'd with their any them unto familiar Nor thou But do Those Take censure as fancy express'd thy thine th'opposed ear Of Of a of And But Give not new man not Costly every man's each oft loses nor be lender a the of in the borrowing above And loan all follow , to dulls the false blessing as then night self and friend . be in . you to said keep memory key . you honour clearly truth and me Give ? you . tell you . yourself me . must so your up you late , of affection my ! you , What As between you lord his Of you Do believe you Pooh is you speak speak He hath speak I not know speak I'll have teach , Unsifted speak ta'en — thus lord speak , springes , as , how , scanter at maiden presence ; command him young ; it vows : I the soul , Hamlet Lord higher . that he is , Ophelia walk this of in ; a of Not ; As to't obey , the ; slander words talk , of ; Breathing better would to Look The shrewdly and is an now What of ? air . of the drum and of - triumph and tonight draughts lord to draws the . down out , and takes upspring thus Rhenish reels custom east and and indeed though and in revel than And And More This traduc'd addition , it oft So From Soil Since o'ergrowth cannot wherein of pales breaking their their As Oft That in His The Or From As that Doth Shall Be Angels health grace Look To his own censure dram The scandal . take may undergo doubt corruption , goblin shape , tell death , O hearsed ignorance . thee burst not me Let King Be thy intents from my of and or thee with Thou royal canoniz'd op'd we Hath thee up saw to in heaven spirit , will I com'st That Have Wherein in dead horridly beyond So night thus . do of and to hideous , shake reaches Wherefore if As It will It not speak No not I do for thing set soul my waves me It if tempt what Do Why the lord . pin's a itself I'll at . into Think brain sea . fathoms roar not , It Without beetles That And draw off ; go go not your each you , my hands My fate And hardy lion's in He with me gentlemen fit Go ghost of thus obey imagination on ? come follow I'll to will issue . this it let's the . Something after rotten is thou lead Whither wilt almost is up shall unfold serious . render ghost but myself tormenting ! To I I , lend art So to What ? am thy to done certain for for And thy Thy Would I up two knotted quills each eyes this eternal the start freeze whose prison house O . unnatural murder it unnatural the in that know't May thee than Lethe , hear , orchard my fat , Denmark father's thy thou crown . weed love swift Hamlet death youth life ear the know forged by abus'd serpent given Now my his process whole noble my sting did but Now . this me that Is Rankly O So wicked O , to what , of me Hamlet From it , will Upon a wretch to That So of made lewdness court But . Though , on garbage And methinks I in in radiant celestial of and was I The those To ! the morning my afternoon uncle in my distilment leperous in With Holds That such as a blood tetter bark'd loathsome : sin my brother's crust . it , of of unanel'd my most ! not horrible , horrible Let O of damned incest . head my bear ! on sent to Denmark act aught , thorns her Fare her to well . that those thy Taint A But not Against glow - to shows luxury royal be it soul , thy leave pursu'st worm sting pale adieu matin thee to The To I And prick adieu heaven ? hell host couple Ay I'll , table of ! set . and and away all copied forms , there seat ? memory . fond trivial . while my volume matter pernicious woman , all the And , of I damned , live all alone smiling , may is so to me Lord . Heaven So be secure Within Within I have adieu remember Now my come . noble news , wonderful O , my my How boy ! lord ? heaven once it think lord it . lord my No reveal you'll . the grave from come all part point shall hands . in all lord my To without , And There HORATIO and MARCELLUS by arrant this part are shake desire and wild — and fit , right you we desire circumstance and the at and , my pray you words . lord right , go I'll , you There's Touching that know , is between us , soldiers friends , you here , Horatio ; heartily offence no , much an desire may friends your For you is't ? We is , good and request , scholars poor , known What faith Nor We , indeed , under upon thou you sayst on boy Consent to in Art . this , the so hear ha Indeed my Swear truepenny . already the there cellarage my you . lord of . our ground sword , gentlemen sword . Swear speak to old Once remove earth and Horatio , come mercy you . strange fast — think me , head this - on , hereafter antic pronouncing by , How Here That With As we Or list we speak' giving or me aught ; and . most 'There be to do we , if . to friending Hamlet to , me man and Let . ambiguous at mercy of as , spite go , was out not love a poor his Beneath Swear spirit I love , rest my so all With , Rest willing to joint born ever is time fingers him money and will , to inquiry Reynaldo . Reynaldo , notes these my intend it . Look did ; me What Take in thus part 'And him , part And — do he's none so ; usual of very say put that there and ; noted fencing would season may another scandal you not as , no Faith A But That's not , my And I Marry You laying believe it these Mark in in the would crimes him guilty this assur'd , you prenominate , a converse you so soil'd fetch drift son , working sound , ' ; I did ? addition — say to he , sir — I the By , 'closes the thus him saw or , then Videlicet Or thus a saw was 'closes t'other 'I or such at a forth . of , gentleman yesterday : such , marry ! or ; day tennis' he , with and there truth reach of this carp assays of my Good lord God let I shall inclination you b' Observe , lord , Alas now lord what my lord With , in sewing in . so name was , My as And if of Mad , but love comes before of purport knocking to in do fear it hard ; thy held all hand his other the by he thy falls not for ? I thy , do speak thy he thy I thy . me arm , and arm , go mine he face brow his o'er Long up stay'd of my , me . under heaven late of am words sorry did undertakings itself any ; to his good , No That And Come with violent This go , does seems cast It meant And it To I This must be known discretion . which ourselves opinions , the close move you use Something have ; nor th'exterior Hamlet's should be provoke you you . see did , thus glean and days I that of What . father's Since , more us show occasion whom sure am , two . gentry profit of with occasion hope such thanks , occasion you will good occasion occasion . remembrance receive shall pleasures occasion you majesties more into have king's power dread by Put And here To lay both obey fits Both your sovereign to ourselves service our up and too My and Thanks and Ay visit and and lord of good and still I , think , as my to and my my I it I hath not ? Assure you good : found . lunacy Hamlet's do or hold . my , Norway from Thou Have And to long I to cause , that of else admittance the , to great that distemper , found he but . in hath . of is , my source , it my and The tells head me father's That Was But Makes before his th'assay old borne his against your be To fair His Upon better To Receives Whereon give On levied Gives So And With Through And you our night your think It dominions of set upon welcome Most we'll well , rest we On such therein likes madam ended feast consider'd and , thank your Go for read : this home . expostulate is is , and time , to business what , and majesty Why And is't but But mad , 'tis grant pity And That That it , I to be . swear 'tis Or farewell I less no true true I then him for is Madam But we rather say out , let For the That's an phrase ; the , Now a : fire doth move sun the that to But truth the a , at , Came phrase madam this ill am dear This And in dear obedience by , hath hath time given out more fell how hath think of you a I When As I my she honourable me his wing that you . love on tell what hot , told winking or , queen - idle round work to , dumb advice . I then . should be Hamlet 'Lord my What And you look'd given Or must That Which might This he lightness madness watch , into to , of a short fruits , he by now 'tis , raves for . otherwise hid . the centre me , though it further were if , hid try ? Within may At such a be Mark And me not know hours . loose daughter him loose loose the I sadly loose will beseech , comes reading . a my I'll time behind from encounter loose you loose But loose look Well How board Excellent know God Do do me a mercy ? lord Not Honest , lord ? you would of ten , goes is . thousand a be picked a kissing good , blessing to't a a a . a a ? a but . a my far for read a . my that read matter who you , lord ? that here wrinkled their says ; not old wrinkled backward as I . have I most thus wrinkled purging plentiful though a wrinkled air wrinkled lord method wrinkled you of my , except that from me means prosperously out so contrive take life withal cannot , sir You my , old save Lord , sir he is . there you God ! Ah , earth over the not are As children of the the of , O her , Then , Fortune you is near None live my middle favours her of . privates we ? that news is friends the a . world prison Let more wards hither . true lord deserved hands the ? you my ? many o' there one ; narrow too 'tis To for ; nothing prison your myself dreams bad and the of dream the ambition shadow but a of is , itself , and shadow a very . shadow dream a light and , For quality monarchs . court our my by fay I heroes you GUILDENSTERN . upon sort We'll , with most rest make thanks but . thank I free . is for . there you , not rights obligation better , modesties lord ? and my whether , custom all that my ; disposition , I discovery love me of have of action of it , why fire this , noble how a foul with , how seem stuff in to and the admirable , woman . delights 'Man , And . not apprehension moving smiling , if lord you they knight not of He that me and the sigh shall hither gratis lady those are . delight in What mind laugh Their city chances players you those Even players clown were to . players for't the players How players take players ? better ways reputation Are ? city , many the ; little berattle most Do they they grow ? sir , thither say is it as — come them call and ? they — out but on maintains — quills stages , the are they rapiers , for't , the they like most of children eyases Who grow should exclaim player sides the . the much means no longer - goose of can players they How own ; better common are not wrong do ? and to brains away Hercules been has they not very the unless to there Do do my uncle is lived while more out , and throwing about it his load give in . Denmark picture it ducats him ; there extent fairly are outward appurtenance Gentlemen garb this you welcome north hawk my from - uncle - what , with baby , and twice . child ; at is you not a : tell a the morning players so 'twas they clouts is say indeed . an . it tell them to Monday come hither Monday When , are Monday have lord news Roscius my Upon Monday buzz honour - Monday ass his Monday . Buzz each , world , historical - heavy scene , comedy , or , history poem - tragical men only , treasure thou . the , for , light too hadst These . too - Seneca tragical - and the Israel of ? more my ! no . and not that lord th' , follows follows first , are , lady O , my old in is your ? the ring What voice , you like I than Masters young at give a fly , of anything well where glad to valanc'd my thee , since a , a a taste a a a or if . lord , was — but , I as the set , But the , once , me a it cried said no matter , down no the and , resemble , your see live it If fine than honest phrase that , One thereabout me in ominous and dismal , the tyrannous fire and , light sons , Priam carbuncles proceed you seeks , gore grandsire mothers , dread this now Hath more gules he fathers lend To of With , Striking Stoops to to base falls and . blow and ear Rebellious , my Pyrrhus to with too to prisoner Takes A heavens see , Which a Pyrrhus' So And like often the rack some against the dreadful orb still stand , below , matter Pyrrhus the pause fall a Pyrrhus' and anon him the forg'd , All . proof ! work , wheel her gods fiends long As with In out Mars's vengeance On And Out This is too the hill power sword her of . the nave spokes synod , And Break bowl general the all heaven , head a stood down queen' is . caught fear in then steep'd up o'erteemed all th'alarm would themselves gods state the Fortune's , lank diadem barefoot With bisson good and upon and . Run , where has well , The burst his milch made have used After will ; your lord use report death you I , Use them after My , they 'scape should bodikin were are they have for see you while them according after . a play Can We'll The study a of friends night tomorrow ha't him old Ay , friend You which dozen . mock that Guildenstern good . to , you . You my Elsinore not look and down my lord are Good God , O Is in a night Follow wi' that his so this function his lord welcome rogue ye and b' monstrous And ? Hecuba , the What cue for he to stage tears , he for the faculties The Make the A Like And can a mettled and eyes unpregnant Yet appal and ear speech the indeed . amaze horrid the passion do , and ? her , of muddy . and Am I dear for , cause my , I kites region ! villain most brave villain ! vengeance Oh , Ha As pigeon offal all Bloody this lack : Who does me it bawdy kindless , This a I son Must That About , of no soul tongue I'll cunning sitting ! revenge of by unpack like I the heard drab Foh play scene , have . have their it struck mine him know be the devil shape and The I'll observe If spirit quick . to course organ to . of and with me The . this potent my pleasing my that these father but I hath perhaps seen ; my he devil the such I'll . damn he Out so Grating you all puts he feels himself quiet of days drift no of on circumstance confusion dangerous , speak some confession , distracted by no means he cause what does from But Niggard with receive you told certain that Of kind of joy court are , think . it I about seem it Most With night as there , hear see And To This to he To hear me most They ; the see and beseech'd hear to on so shall see him a leave we For see , accident , too , see by 'twere lawful see see love frankly espials unseen or . may he his . I obey , suffers he by be he , Gertrude Sweet Ophelia encounter of bestow and Will That That Will Madam wish you walk bestow Ophelia We That too 'Tis loneliness Your Of it , to devotion's this , please Gracious exercise with . too beautied , that lash How smart O is cheek 'tis The pious We action O And The Is be I To Whether and And Or by Let's that most to to that ! Let's . withdraw him deed my not Let's hear Let's to to The , we sleep wish'd dream shuffled Let's that That Let's more - ache end take slings be , to a To sleep to mind in the of sea outrageous the to . of , makes in Devoutly , have sleep The would Must The who That wrong pause off death love of For love love For love love Is love sicklied the does to conscience fly traveller us the country , under dread bear we cowards pale native hue cast and currents pith those puzzles . action their not all of us ills resolution , awry you , remember'd , them of . deliver - compos'd you sweet their right ; mind lost breath perfume noble the well prove to for ha Are What means your , be honest , the have beauty bawd to better force of once . will commerce than honesty but so so you believed shall but should This for power a you translate can cannot . virtue I not had but mother . ambitious honest Why me , shape do . very have time than my crawling . your fellows as I of ? them none may that fool but and ways earth such of . thy to not shalt escape needs the dowry heavens plague for . of make you too if , well nunnery wise ice , I'll as , pure thee snow : give enough what ! calumny Farewell you you I say they your me . To is , the God's another , powers , heavenly O face Go heard will , glass Like That I Th'expectancy and of suck'd That Blasted with I ecstasy form jangled what have His in see I see , me youth and of woe that way tend . harsh of unmatch'd seen T'have Love , his of himself settled the the set be I O'er And With down Thus From You It My us love neglected not tell you hold entreat you . him all , it . queen grief his conference , his be If so fit let England . all I'll To But all . lord send wisdom be . go not shall best , as a , your But tongue the . I you crier , temperance - to that hear have are capable of Herod Herods would out - part I warrant , to the tame to action too from was that the most not is now virtue his though , time ; the of judicious tardy Be the neither the , the her observance the Suit the the the so and off seen — pagan , And reform more though it is set set for . some of reform'd indifferently . made not , us your them play pitiful . work presently speak be the to and , your just a at , help hasten them . e'en conversation dear tongue hinges fawning follow of Dost the hear , been thou , distinguish could one , in Hath with soul may dear my seal'd As To No thee ? Why man blood they are A That my As There is not , play are scene Which of Something too before are near and Give Fortune's blessed I well hast are nothing are man wear much my for And are co will me this are , heedful his note foul , him his seen speech one in If comment of the of my . judgements seeming pay the play will I whilst this I must is theft , Queen others and Enter you , answer . To th'university crammed fares our How with nor That did mine I i' enact kill'd was I . him to . a Capitol th' lord , mother dear good King shall lie in lap you mark metal O . mean , country matters . lord upon my . lord meant head , to lie nothing meant between lord . meant meant meant do . meant but within's merry ? lord for may the then man's die let heavens Nay . lady on by'r with maker yet a two father my and months , my not and shall he . year , O not suffer But Then . forgotten half his , ' epitaph else , Queen embracing . upon the Anon him Lays . in and King's leaves , it asleep her , pours kisses neck lovingly - hobby - the hobby , and , The . action . the the woos Marry Belike show this , this show this . they'll ; Be what tell him means it not to you'll tell all . show . meant ? tragedy . a ring clemency play you to . mark our for For and , I'll of Phoebus' moons sheen , round lord , been hands may journeys many So woe I For In neither my my my women's us So Discomfort little Faith And operant must , My Where Where love great , None Such love When do time second we birth But , A The believe but unripe we doth of ourselves poor memory we propose lose joy lament slender on , grieves violence ending , joy is our 'tis even joys enactures revels in what , aye destroy . strange . else us fortune question left our with or his , try ; tend lack his doth where end to and seasons want a Directly orderly wills But our So thoughts Our That Meet , If she widow that cheer To Sport earth to me give from prison pursue , I lasting strife wife now it . be me sworn The never And Sleep with day tedious come this play methinks word her Is in in't image but us . Baptista of : that Let his unwrung touches the King o' . lord . are withers chorus could my , see . my , could I hands rank , the Begin — Pox murderer croaking else of and immediately how see agreeing , for seeing and husbands , season With Confederate apt mixture Thou and Thy natural On midnight , life thrice thrice ban magic very The . false Away . lights . the King me Lights strucken ; The a ; of , go razed my sleep roses players of away fellowship in , and me world forest with So must the some , For , Turk turn , get not this Would shoes dost realm , a a thou Of A very This Jove You might the I'll good O Very , I very of , well talk well music king ! the , belike not . some , Come note it music then For some my Good Sir , vouchsafe me whole King Ay Come ha , Ah my marvellous sir , Is , his this to richer his more put discourse and start so the him not me I Good lord Queen The is not spirit of pronounce most welcome , right do be shall Sir If breed , sent it . my will . pardon , I courtesy wholesome the of I my return . cannot my My your to but Therefore thus wonderful she says . the answer mother ! as , hath this behaviour heels stonish a love me this struck her there this sequel is admiration ere ? this her lord this She We Good this How , be you but when . me the your the while that grass grows love is too . cannot . I . cannot , me I upon . Believe I do I My I know give you a would unworthy skill are ventages and with finger would the and your . stops will discourse utterance . you me music you . you shape though of little will . like 'tis that's , lord By a like sir play , camel weasel a whale . weasel it and cloud It like mother bent to come like like easily so like like top whale . like will witching and Now on lose look of Nero not , heart to this soul do world yawn the is breathes not let ; firm : bosom business I hell hot ever . use nature , her this mother . you endure grow . you safe , us with prepare with not . hourly dispatch it many feed and spirit keep That of upon from . weal ; armour 'noyance single live many and upon the and much bound rest , groan . but , it consequence general this but - upon to , but but . but home closet him mother's but than a it , liege should but , wisely and I'll audience partial what . lord , call vantage them more , makes of speech I'll upon tell rank murder primal eldest Thanks nature hear 'Tis as you said ere I know . go you And , I And is , Whereto offence mercy brother's ? with serves heavens cursed in this we ere twofold of , of the murder up fall to visage forestalled in To Can down serve fault pardon'd being turn cannot That own me since ; effects one for , May Offence's pardon'd and currents hand be crown There Buys out is true nature 'tis . one to be death repent rests ? not What , faults ? goes - well And All be pat do it . kills villain revenge : scann'd for of I his heaven With But took grossly And course of reveng'd , No soul , then of his in or thou purging . season'd for a or some act , rage salvation of ; him with heavy 'Tis When , When hell his soul his ; of more heaven flush , broad who knows his be goes King my prolongs mother days . in't as whereto that And Up Then That has th'incestuous swearing relish heels kick his , advances remain . Look you be mother . Within pranks Tell Grace him , him coming him him home to bear to , hear Mother I'll you heat warrant I'll . you , thou what's I , Now , Go Hamlet Come , question an offended . idle with father my have now how go , are the it You Come You go may not and were , rood husband's not , your you , am , rat ? O I , O a with his . intruding rash thy for thee as I , A as marry as ! as you down . thy not bulwark braz'd penetrable as against , as so as made If wringing Thou of it is In I of your better . of , hands have noise of forehead blister hypocrite grace Such that , proof of What have of of As A From the Calls fair and an so blush love marriage religion sweet and . solidity As And very The rhapsody the of this - as against the , glow deed plucks words visage sick what act loud , compound and thunders here Look what A god give your Here was the world . Look seem did and form to herald to , and of picture seated a of set kissing heaven assurance brother Ha Have now fair this call husband like the - Mercury . sense have it's you judgement not ne'er would was madness motion for cozen'd you at feeling difference reserv'd , one sans all , devil sure ! it from Is sense where , hell O sickly of smelling ! wax no as a shame eyes a mope so And If Or not Could To thou flaming youth . but When mutine Rebellious Since in melt turn'st me live but nasty honeying speak corruption the like Over sweat Nay rank O daggers more to enter ; the of ; tithe love bed ears mine . villain Hamlet kings pocket his the the the , vice put from king Save You me Do laps'd in ! come acting Speak her weakest to it How And at the you That Upon cool an , and look gentle thy pale excrements you he peep the is with you you , lady on discourse like , hold eye your Your like His Would My colour Then piteous like . this whom want like stones like distemper me , like . speak is I that Why did his habit but nothing , Nor Look father My there goes , nothing hear . it look Nothing ; see you Do all how brain . now even very creation coinage bodiless very ! away . time keep is . place soul , within , test , pursy beg weeds come to yourself avoid on Forgive and woo the not what's will not your skin past Forgive Confess , the all , ulcerous Forgive ; times do Forgive him pardon the to is Forgive away go , Forgive the likewise aptly to custom evil monster That next that And That To use the either change The kind Refrain or fair sense frock of more next Once desirous of . on a use put . actions yet lend potency curb almost And To The I I must ; For I'll do repent That I this Pinch Let gave bestow will the bloat , you again pair a means I do remains behind . you his to , kisses damn'd matter madness reechy in with of , his essentially craft in basket , and the ? from , despite birds try the Let And your , in neck sense Who basket have said be made breath , to life so 'Tis , that schoolfellows two will , as the with But I must to forgot seal'd Alack I me they sweep it Let have and the enginer go work my mines most this sighs There's translate Where ; sighs sighs sighs in 'tis fit we your is sighs Bestow Ah sighs , as Which had To , Alas It Should on To the O'er Shows whom his very mineral . pure draw a apart Among the He ship will must and and mountains weeps Gertrude of excuse , of both join madness in of go And of out of , of his from hath him Go hath hath hath the , hath seek hath Into call both what up , world's untimely his Transports And soul stowed . Lord ! Hamlet and GUILDENSTERN ? Hamlet full is My What Compounded noise have you done calls us Do keep can the . thence ? believe what by not and me up when he the the the for not ape officers King's King what sponge you like , them authorities : an ; sir you such . tell , lord is am squeezing body in shall us not The . lord foolish the all and . to the find , Hide fox him to strong judgement the that , pleasure my hath befall'n , know him he us your my in , Now Hamlet of diet for , dishes maggots eat end a alas one that your are where politic worms eats but where Your us That's ! of the to lean table Alas that you show to Nothing may fish worm What how of hath fish this Send seek heaven within i' a hath by the ? go through indeed up the . deed shall especial . hast , thou this which fiery do , Which is Th'associates done tender , ready tend , if . them come for ; mother father . But mother him seal'd you done haste , aboard with . man is Father . My And By to sovereign After England else That my leans on if Our letters process , Hamlet cure ne'er ; the greet me by conveyance a license from , Captain like present The And haps my Howe'er his so us promis'd the in duty that the softly on with , his . you . Poland frontier for nephew Goes The to Or go hath Truly ducats will ranker A To rate it thousand Two pay five We That Nor Why That the inward man is . Polack , and this peace cause shows of straw ! already is souls Will Why breaks you humbly , without ? more , beast A What is us his revenge inform against no after after after charge after not be part to strength exhort after , means one but hath as mass ambition invisible after , earth and death what Makes do't yet And To thinking ever Examples , I three which Of quarter'd coward and , say , I puff'd great straw stand a stir that for not stake my to greatly at father the reason twenty of to my shame fame men , plot danger argument , a I stain'd , time the try thoughts graves numbers be this cause , see , and trick of for with I My will importunate mood Her her , beats hems speaks speech , nothing , distract needs , What will be would her , world of , be conjectures she Which 'Twere full toy sick as prologue sin's fearing to to in jealousy be amiss nature true fit up words winks her as , and think sure one spoken in Let with , guilt should is , staff I another How Majesty spilt . and shoon . love Denmark Ophelia hat By How Say Alas you and heels a a — green his Nay shroud , as the mark Pray your go . Lord table , did was , means have Tomorrow Saint you say ; this Valentine's your window , what they when you ask betime his door departed the , that I'll . Charity ! shame Ophelia to't . on't end make to blame come by for are they will , and fie if wed yonder , But be cold . counsel good i' for the poison of grief deep you . sweet night shall sweet , sweet sweet greenly whispers done . sweet violent slain muddied , sweet . these France , clouds have we to their the her not , O spies single , First ; in just unwholesome death from ; inter him her are we which and brother on Her With his wants pestilent necessity . a stick O me , many death this in them Let , list more overpeering a Let him lord call Let , word in with of lord matter the Let Switzers Let my Let is yourself , rabble custom props Laertes applaud Let trail hands , king false , counter , Let How this O Where — Danes ' . in will leave are ? No doors I . the will let's O . me , Calmly We proclaims brands bastard , good like ? harlot door good Keep my the my Of here blood father calm that's good my Give That good cuckold treason such Gertrude true good What thy to Laertes - so good between rebellion the : Dead But of incens'd thus little Acts his is demand I'll , the damnation and Conscience both dare hell , grace shall That Let My They And come the worlds Who Most you not throughly what for dear father's death know them but ? pelican arms , you , my - I'll rendering . speak true and a gentleman my grief father's with good , To out dry am good guiltless as As be life May , seven thy , heat Till our , possible sweet young old a sister the shall noise . bier itself fine ! eye mine rose . beam ! wits ? man's an in as , is't mortal some thing nonny rain'd well and move , ' many the tear - master's a didst persuade a . matter . daughter could It wheel - it ! It is you not nothing's pansies and , for in you call may We your violets but for me There's rue , There's A wither'd it document a they my joy . daisy father is good . prettiness hell itself come to again wi' , bed - snow come white his will All flaxen was as was , away gone mercy ha' his is moan with your but grief ? O God apart and . wisest will all due give jointly labour content , formal o'er his , to question ostentation earth — with the from . in . Hamlet the of sir . for . is it They . shalt have very sail of have pirate a slow of boarded I so grapple I the overlooked letters , they letters prisoner what them your be were got us we a him this give Ere dealt they compelled have gave to have too , me your thine way you . these them may conscience To the I , Come him from whom in must And Now you must have You to , looks , seem stirr'd , up . things nature in my noble tell these feats reasons all , else , unsinew'd much in which myself for The strong be , Queen his mother — sphere motive , go , again , aim'd them . think dull not terms the age come You will danger hear . Queen the to brought I say ! Who Majesty to Letters your they by Claudio my , From now news ? from receiv'd them . them us shall . saw ? them brought . am kingly the . the abuse some and beg I asking shall , first Tomorrow 'High and mighty shall . Reads , kingdom , Or is , this , And am , That It I No So To Under But As To That The for I be your organ since for , together shine Hamlet's of hearing such talk'd It that they pluck . uncharge so it . much , it , that livery for Of Wherein I've With had witchcraft been incorps'd he and shapes far and brought such He did topp'd demi ? what was't of his horse natur'd my , of my of of I of him And For he cried of all you and your rapier exercise confession you of made That all If you Hamlet envenom Sir , with this his all . and with this all , sight all , of . had all he sudden Your Now to — him report dear ? his lord a sorrow painting the you this father ? to heart my , did did A you I or we own goodness did should As did this are then And his in Dies did Hamlet by For did More That there kind A We To abatements is , are spendthrift o' in ? murder But within are praise shall And on a put set And The return'd do Will cut his indeed , this gave shall generous your double know you Revenge No So from that an purpose I , and for dip that have in . a free from your will unbated him . with choose knife so mountebank touch from virtue bought my I'll of do't but blood can scratch'd but contagion that shape look convenience to what Weigh through Therefore might project bad our If of of death save may further us a blast in that end , performance hold , cunnings that hot are your on ; venom'd but have this let sipping , him Laertes . stream a , whereon I'll escape now How crow - That But There a with flowers liberal , shows is the ? drown'd , purples , native snatches trophies sliver her coronet weeds and tunes distress bore lay melodious could indued not , death . be ? is then , drown'd , forbid ; will . thou , Alas poor tears my nature . lord fain it it what our therefore I Adieu , folly douts Gertrude ; of fire be this that , speech a have follow that Now How to Therefore I Christian salvation make three own ? seeks The . straight burial argal , wittingly goodman ; hear but lies Here , man you to leave to act Nay and . shortens drowns go this water that , that if drown myself drown . himself me not truth marry ? out hang There buried on't , countenance Ay ha' you , was the that a ? or hold pity more my world Christian . this say'st been Come , and ditchers Was Adam , question . digg'd heathen that What What is thee says If . he — understand without me . mason ? the he does well maker gallows wit The thy in stronger to do Ay tell , Mass , that mason I now To't ass question not . 'a thee get Go dull , makes he me when about are for and Yaughan Cudgel , O this To Has fellow made there time nothing , for was making ? business of easiness the daintier at that , such sing Cain's could one This ! offices But so e'en a ground it courtier a be , a lord good Or that might morrow such - ' horse could my . sweet it politician might lord my : This say my meant , it - How lord , might It Ay a ? and and a For O A For a spade clay of pit , Why may quillets this shovel he his , 'em these pickaxe such be cases skull now , his Where ? a the the ? ones double fines knave will be breadth lands and will length recoveries no scarcely of of more lie his pate purchases of the have in a Not have this box no parchment Ay , my . of seek this calves sir , in't lie , thou say thine liest thou is 't ? for me from mine 'Tis . it ; will thou she's . card I of peasant have thou the three kibe . toe long hast — none must Horatio so the is By One How the i' How that o'ercame I - his the by , but , galls Fortinbras Cannot , courtier heel , undo near the of long can mad there wits sent into the there . or ? he great he no was why — fool mad not into England mad he matter seen be not 'Twill strangely strangely strangely nowadays , strangely strangely long in he or strangely , hide is so water more strangely skull And a now with his than another ? last he you die ? many earth ? your will the in that hath think you Whose . A not know flagon ? poor , for , him Let me a . Takes skull . jest thousand gorge oft . that grinning wont to gambols table the me tell thing ? that Prithee ? laugh , merriment , now one Not you ? this think uses may not . so to a to curiously he Alexander E'en Horatio consider till return ; stop returneth Caesar that ; follow of with ; modesty we not awe flaw world wind ? in comes the which beer dust and the turn'd keep dead t'expel wall a aside Should O aside Queen , with aside What , we . life aside youth aside courtiers King ; such maimed aside and of . This that hand . Mark . home on thrown be unsanctified command Her ; lodg'd rites done . of rest to dead done souls such . th'earth her , and fair minist'ring . liest . spring A violets I Scattering I May I Depriv'd O times wicked of have Now To Of blue Olympus . skyish dead . of makes ? whose phrase This . is I and hearers Dane I The from and not thy am me Away dangerous hand devil . my thy not fingers ; asunder Pluck them let All Hamlet prithee Yet have I take thy wiseness ! brothers Laertes love . of . this wag ! mad is with sum show eisel ? fast here thou'lt her ? God God ? God I crocodile do God : woul't . God , them her to in and her leaping God thou Dost 'Swounds woul't up like , of us the burning , as mere as will rant This patient silence Hear the Make And thus When What is His the awhile as you it have may , no sir , will you , Horatio , Hercules I We'll Good This Till then hour grave put some other fighting I ; know , lay of . let , Rashly Methought ! it sir me in rashness heart remember So do my the hew them most cabin dark , in and , and life , too and reasons my and goblins leisure the supervise and bugs , be it Is't commission me and hear read , should and But wilt could did new commission as labour'd know now , Wilt , sir I King palm like safely , seal'd the had , even my writ - it Folded The Subscrib'd the sea fight , love make already and changeling So our know'st Guildenstern they their pass a what king fell baser conscience to ; grow the , Of not that He Popp'd Does And hath Why between his To To him such this with the must quit What And portraiture to of am by For The of of Peace , Into bravery his of . of I my I'll of a tow'ring of comes passion . grief his court I forgot of the Your the lord , if with lordship diligence a ; all your a land stand a , and gracious ; mess were from you a in a the a to the 'tis lordship , indifferent very cold very very sultry beseech Sir signify to that I wind is indeed complexion — you , bade me this 'twere as — head Majesty — here , know , of make , be dizzy suffers him continent he would definement his inventorially him rareness dearth is such extolment mirror take in in great in and article But , umbrage , of him of would breath do Why we Sir What Is't not Laertes Laertes purse already are Laertes sir , sir ; Laertes yet Of I . Laertes Laertes would it — is in , not ; excellence . him himself to should compare what of excellence , lest I well but meed his ; he's were weapons it with him French . carriages liberal so Three Barbary horses the . done . ere you had ? and faith , are , carriages delicate The carriages , to the the swords be are could But then their French , in . if lordship would twelve on a his Majesty a your a ? trial a for passes a between a it . is gentleman I . lordship , your . duty . it himself Yours . commend with the well He does dug before runs lapwing This did of tune of same bevy I his with the winnowed My opinions which Majesty commended them blow the to him to my play with purposes hold fitness I him you his pleasure lord carries collection , in or hall to that they Now as . will provided to to you She , my wager gentle . are Queen and King think I all's practice The Queen . shall foolery about Since well You say and is : it lord thou no have been in ill continual - repair would their heart odds good Nay it perhaps a hither if augury 'tis has he , leave me what . from in come readiness betimes is providence it ; come Hamlet , not , and you and with distraction you . gentleman done here I from not it not honour have I your If This But pardon't as What punish'd , wrong'd he's then , it Who Then And when Hamlet might That nature , ta'en does , this my far me Let I revenge aloof , But satisfied in I hurt masters will my terms honour time me , o'er house the nature honour , that peace known reconcilement most and love and wager foils the Come and for ; i' off star on , and play me freely it brother's and embrace this I will , and And You Give them the young , know lord o' laid Very Set me If likes But I me These . second wine first answer stoups of This quit all give the lord my upon . hit that . a length , speak heavens Come to bear the throw fire exchange third Hamlet's of union to cannoneer me kings the . Hamlet my sir . Hamlet earth Hamlet Hamlet No . Hamlet Hamlet health , hit . Another ; hit touch , touch me Stay play Our a A shall of breath and Queen is the Aside carouses to son fat Hamlet He's , take my napkin fortune . not I lord drink dare I poison'd you . face . by too is hit not do let me lord almost Laertes , yet . 'tis now I'll me but . conscience . think't . your with afeard third And the I Come neither so Come on way neither Nothing Have Nay , neither now Laertes wounds in Part neither the neither neither . incens'd ! is't woodcock kill'd to neither a How . Osric treachery Queen does ? mine own They bleed justly How drink swoons see them own . my ! She no , No . the I of life thou , world not is hand ; slain . lie foul can out Let the , the ! villany drink drink no I Hath Then on and Unbated there me medicine thee and , envenom'd in half The . practice good , King's ! work poison'd thy mother's The . King too . friends to the to hurt thee not me . death my and Mine It Exchange He justly . by serv'd , of , that thine on upon noble come me I it . and thee Heaven Nor Horatio free make am are his arrest let it I I could sergeant dead you death , act this , left Dane a a me felicity tell is warlike my shall , Let th'art go Horatio thou standing Absent If Give me the thus hold world from harsh in Young tell The the with , Which Now flights noble the drum ? hither to rest come of have a And is you him , Why If aught feast havoc . O , thine princes The So come , hearing , at proud cell shot death a ? give us late dead . you bloody question , unknowing view England these world hear bodies cause mistook can , fortune . kingdom this my audience All and , bloody came by heads purposes , this I it invite me mischance been to presently be same plots and this But his let shall mouth voice are wild minds Let four soldier , like a For have he up Take the Becomes , the means Foundation no from works that . the Creating Updated States rules license , and , without you owns editions United copy print and replace Project Gutenberg you and for . use may of this and ANYTHING copyright law and , license and S U . of or Project Gutenberg , you Gutenberg . Section work , all By terms of copyright and the accept all copies of fee paid you destroy Project agreement . the this agreement A . electronic terms . associated whom bound on you or to Project of works lot of follow terms a if you free full things of Gutenberg this access you terms of collection individual Foundation the United the in the , law do performing not we , long as hope the keeping for work of course work unprotected Nearly . all by is from works work name of this attached it of work If you are addition where charge place . your of creating Gutenberg derivative downloading work . status United references of outside laws without the with Copyright the , terms performing work . to links License , work in no this any States The Project must to Gutenberg or appear work other : active accessed , distributed is appears Gutenberg or the , most the the in . U U distribution U are not U of the anyone to is U U If , the . E . work Project associated any or or of by . holder the copyright paragraphs or electronic . a paragraph . detach Gutenberg detach detach detach this of detach detach work E the Project with without , forth to and to However or nonproprietary You to . word other the gutenberg . org or ASCII a provide , obtaining Vanilla full . within to to Literary days payments Gutenberg should Literary about Information refund e by or full Literary Archive . in you License does all You electronic work comply with charge group or , agreement Gutenberg in Project Project the electronic Gutenberg . to . identify F set E . not protected collection , corrupt contain property . Despite efforts which limited , a your DAMAGES . DISCLAIMER , not by paragraph , under any party , costs and NO HAVE this expenses FOR NEGLIGENCE including all Right Except the Project Project disclaim , distributing of legal STRICT of paid the a to , received The . electronically work electronically entity you you for that it must medium you to limited for work states the or If of any law be by permitted of any limitation agreement violates . INDEMNITY , providing accordance owner trademark electronic works the any which , this copies any additions Section or Project Gutenberg is about with the free variety of Project , any Project the Project , to provide will Project Project secure a the Project Gutenberg's future Project Literary . org , Archive created reaching volunteers . volunteers Project with - profit . of by federal Literary permitted full the federal . U The Montclair to . business USA can be - page Information www . is S Foundation's number Revenue of Service the number support Gutenberg Project . and distributed equipment of to charities States The Foundation not received of gutenberg compliance of donate donations compliance any . meet the United and it takes keep To states know donors , gratefully Donations online : Gutenberg card a for alone , such in make staff of produced be To received we from small org . number our current donation swamp originator the About For with electronic was library volunteer . of eBooks gutenberg Information a Project only from loose he , several Thus notice , by copyright particular notice the with is included notice printed do search Gutenberg new notice PG main notice about . www includes notice help information Project eBooks , Project hear