King Stand me Who's and . yourself ? Francisco ? Long answer hour cold bitter twelve struck unfold most ! sick am relief . guard mouse Not now You 'Tis you I Have night good stirring at heart Marcellus , them haste the good , night . Holla my , Give , who - night you , but , tonight . of us . him . Welcome good him of . Horatio fantasy along our twice let And Therefore dreaded not us What seen take , have 'tis speak and 'twill appear of him seen hold may , this apparition the if Tush That What so have , eyes , yond And When Last night same Where course then The thee . where it Look it , pole , part myself again one — it . dead speak me wonder . to Horatio ? Mark I which the By Did like It Looks Most What ! away . thee ! speak . and will I speak 'Tis speak You Horatio than ! It ! answer ! pale ! eyes ? believe art thou As Such ! God think tremble look fantasy ! true own sensible it 'Tis . the angry in when , not . my of scope thought , twice He was th'ambitious , When smote Thus So strange same toils such for the Sunday . be the toward divide such So this mart of brazen war : the ; knows land but now of , task , sore cannon that labourer I , with me , sweaty . so on Well he with , Did Which forfeit the seiz'd ; law , the moiety , to competent Against inheritance King , in you Whose Was For been the his of , a ; Hamlet valiant Fortinbras Norway , conqueror his emulate most a by world all had , same design'd of stood life seal'd , those cov'nant , other , state strong unto which resolutes enterprise this , lost I , foresaid , Now . unimproved , Of The Is post , Hath the up stomach recover compulsatory our haste sort it our , rummage in of of a in't appear us And but portentous , wars King . watch of watch Rome , mind's watch the the preparations , like palmy gibber most the In watch stands of ; watch sheeted the in tenantless eye fell the mightiest and high stood watch trouble , eclipse , blood Julius and trains stars As The the dews the ! again . the influence fire Roman the and ; of and with in almost precurse of with empire and streets moist As to hast cross , sick like harbingers even the sun events , comes of to . ease thing to , to do any any sound me . me where demonstrated the together , happily there , it may Which if art If But thee Extorted say treasure they it Speak of , in thou it it Or Stop the , at , death , earth uphoarded foreknowing to which , if will stand with ! speak womb you spirits so . strike my , wrong ! the show air blows vain as speak summons the and at earth to sounding his or and started is lofty or erring day fearful Th'extravagant object present . in - herein air , the , that It sea the Whether And then a trumpet , strike comes . abroad . it charm time the no spirit all celebrated planets season , to power high my hill believe . part seen , conveniently morning him , advice . it duty , most of Though , grief in our memory green be bear The yet far Yet our Attendant Voltemand find Laertes Cornelius , our warlike this of state dropping and with to hath our befitted us with herein eye queen , sister auspicious one , scale and delight and joy thanks barr'd dole marriage defeated and ; a remembrance jointress as equal Your this Or thinking a our by late and , wisdoms ; death frame advantage his out our young our gone For Lost father all much surrender to disjoint you which nor . state Now our by supposal of with for So dear weak along affair that time this of . valiant the , brother much impotent the To Thus most fail'd be his ourself this hath his this of good The You Giving His To Of and ; Farewell with to Cornelius no and , purpose rid , to that and King these , and let will : doubt that , the dilated , CORNELIUS us your voice What of throne the head be not more offer wouldst . suit . my , have to the father not , of reason the thy , Laertes , is't ? France , Dane asking , thou Laertes Denmark The wouldst is The not is thou return again duty my and father's leave gracious , I coronation duty your came wrung laboursome lord your your my you And To He Take hour Hamlet you I petition ? now Yet I seal'd give , his best fair my than , And little now , and ? I the clouds it at and am on will . last at hard to kin cousin that Upon so . look still the . on thy is to through Passing know'st Seek Do thine lord 'tis thy for Not , my , cast thy common all the that vailed dust lives eternity common , with , seems . it . die particular , seems Why Nor all with nor suits inky If nature black the eye , a woe ; breath forc'd river of of I good ; windy have I These For That the your ; bound your show . Hamlet , survivor , nature to is stubbornness in your suits of play might shows , which the lost know It and incorrect heaven , common , a father unschool'd the and . condolement obligation obstinate heart An what the A impious unfortified simple for term , you lost do . a to , his , heaven , unmanly 'Tis be must , will in peevish sense , earth nature fault opposition ; love throne us to today died you pray corse dead , our , theme common a 'tis whose hath throw and , father bears take and , unprevailing which to to to to our son prayers you and bend our dearest no most ; woe of his For less most mother us not her you cousin best thee thy lose my you Here And we you you , with 'tis as I loving and gentle This you smiling my ourself to in Let Be Sits you cannon that stay shall Why - No earthly rouse great jocund health speaking And the too that this , Thaw O clouds Madam fair a and But Re 'gainst me solid itself Everlasting stale fie ! flesh rank , O not slaughter - self ! seed ; the , of gross in nature this , to ! garden ! much all had resolve and that and two : this Seem things God unprofitable and an ! that king satyr little not what By Must Visit two Let have father's brother tears followed Why within name those my that or is month ! even of mine uncle like unrighteous of most . My Than longer beast she , on't God I yet break She With such the flushing dexterity must to is the wants discourse . with more ; my left for your myself : my tongue . for servant your And for what for Hail do lordship for ? for — sir . friend . so say My glad shall my your report no are your I But am Marcellus , truant not faith , of deep drink . hear , make Nor make affair ? truant . you it , see ear do what teach do not I To know fellow - you father's . tables to follow'd I , my mind's my foe dearest that , ever , Where , a . his was . king all for him In Horatio ! I coldly forth furnish seen met father My My , your King father ! The ? take Horatio once him a was I lord an Upon With This the ? the Saw your father , hear marvel witness ear my King you walk'd he solemn - me distill'd , surprised thrice your cap did This like , had waste together at thus the Barnardo , watch march eyes , the in more deliver'd third fear : with - father to of to they fear kept both like not word , whilst they I was this knew true and father . methought ? once , it did crew as where But it upon made It My speak it we where cock would , loud , morning morning and morning haste in our sight speak morning away morning this let watch it of my lord . my morning sirs , writ you think , live did lord , true . tonight . up ? you saw What my O he , in anger ? much had . Most fix'd you . it long there . would I constantly hundred amaz'd like MARCELLUS I Very like I one moderate While I I was , I will I Perchance as His It I 'twill sable silver'd watch I it me to If you Let And it I Upon will Give I'll hold have shall platform I'll visit in as ! the were not tenable loves requite Your Our spirit foul still earth all then I My Though is But some convoy you me Hamlet it violet , And permanent and No more No of and youth a fashion Do doubt trifling toy in ? nature sweet , a waxes ; lasting , not ; depends choice persons state birth ; is his weigh'd he not of And wide For Think his as on subject cautel is he ; must to himself your Unto The Carve He may you Perhaps will will but withal The is the Then Than May For his his deed ; so Then and voice of choice be ; you it place no withal songs treasure sister . dear affection my of to fear it , your : spring open . of Denmark goes your honour list chaste may his importunity , your heart or unmaster'd enough . of to thorny good none near reckless heaven libertine and and pastors my do to treads keep way some too long his own of dalliance , rede O double upon . good this . precepts his no your second a me , A Occasion There smiles in sits wind are There here Look . unproportion'd in There by but , character you There And There There Of friends Give There and palm but beware rich can in , voice buy proclaims ; thy : being thy station of quarrel but thy judgement purse rank ; the , a chief . that : friend true , day be husbandry in of shall in I Ophelia have , your . lord . said thee said well remember and go ; servants tend . said said and very said put you : tell said me bounteous the truth , you . of and I so the and daughter understand free ; oft been your be in not my as , 'tis yourself late tenders . of made me clearly must to his You such speak late me honour as you green ? call . my , you not I'll sterling crack , thus to — tenders these Tender the — Or Running it , My hath soul , time , my woodcocks , as , scanter to in parley your , take for than light , the must their more Giving Even , Than with larger his , which mere The to beguile plain , so you in like believe a command a . Believe . Not Than I . Look . It , I of nipping shrewdly is , think it hour and ; I an a heard , not his the No ? Indeed Wherein wake tonight it this and spirit , my lord rouse reels Rhenish swaggering , and and thus walk the near pledge down , upspring takes - The kettle it does What The marry Ay the headed with - manner mind born and drunkards and : am Is breach I a trumpet us clepe Soil This to More And their As They though though in our oft mole our men , takes addition it vicious habit the or though livery Nature's virtues Carrying form The though stamp ; cannot our though though Being Doth all own substance The take they — the in as general noble the To , Or breaking By Oft , Look of health grace us ! a of undergo pure , infinite particular corruption grace , fault . of . it comes defend lord spirit to . wicked airs or charitable damn'd shape , goblin heaven royal saw ponderous ; in not father Be Wherein burst Why Have Thou Let me thy That I will That Making With , Say night thus up cast beyond disposition nature we ? alone go ? it with what To some you not But waves No away do go by follow action . impartment courteous did . a with removed no means with not I my Being It you , it , follow it itself my lord toward It if tempt forth my immortal reason , of your there it And Or That a thing what And into some base Think of form cliff . every . follow fathoms to brain . me roar toys into summit dreadful You shall on I'll It Go That Without The Hold ; not off thee my hardy heaven Still , as hands . thee follow of Unhand lion's nerve gentlemen . As I Go a , not this state 'tis obey him on imagination ghost in Heaven let's follow is . after lead wilt My I myself up will come is I . almost sulph'rous Must When , thou Whither render tormenting , shall to hear hear I am bound unfold thy and serious hearing when I lend ghost shalt What am for And Till burnt the secrets eyes a harrow thy art I the Doom'd term day and for a foul thy tell I ears two knotted of To Would Are up each Like Make foul O . List must end list ; most most foul , know't meditation , Murder most Revenge his ! unnatural as Murder murder ! foul and , thoughts to I in , serpent A And strange the as hear . weed , crown sting know but that wears , the thy in my Lethe . wharf Hamlet , thou duller this sleeping Now apt thee in that me by Is Rankly Now process itself thou with gifts and , So The witchcraft of Ay wit seduce of O With wicked That me went hand whose a , falling - to — most her wretch But never poor lust shameful that ! soul ! queen seeming love in , to , O To So Though sate , lust be afternoon within garbage in prey . me My Will ! let my I on virtue marriage hand was off was of the it as , it scent Sleeping methinks itself a a angel . the thy in ears , uncle stole , be heaven will morning the And hebenon distilment hour a celestial of vial did of man whose porches cursed enmity an the such of blood ; once , dispatch'd ; of tetter All crown even , Of The of all nature But thou No my O in thee imperfections royal the reckoning glow - worm his matin this damned and thou that ; And Taint A not To And shall Against not for thy Let to and those thorns leave pursu'st howsoever The to O , heaven bosom her thee Fare ! sinews me thou you , prick 'gins shows pale adieu else ! adieu . Remember me . earth ! What my heart ? old ? my not fie Hold thee seat thee up stiffly my bear But Ay All Unmix'd are be commandment and That fond trivial all baser the And thy volume Yes woman so and villain , smile It one may tables villain , ' and smiling may to my it Now . sure am I least So Illo uncle adieu I 'Adieu is . My . Within Within Heaven be . Within ! secure ho , ho , Hillo I say Not I , Nor How , my heaven . it think from — the circumstance are , shall at . for own my and that it it For Look — I'll hath desire and are Such as ; faith Yes they , lord , Horatio , tell between you here vision . heartily , me , There's honest an by to . known much , offence you is't my what , will but we lord HORATIO MARCELLUS . not My my lord swear't Nay , Upon Nor We I faith , my in faith . truepenny . lord . sword my Come , hear Consent oath to , this sayst upon cellarage in Art so . sword you . have , Ha , speak to you ha on Hic lay that Propose of swear the this . our ground my sword . you heard . have . remove this give is strange friends welcome , so — you But come mercy Horatio it stranger your hereafter shall , soe'er odd before things perchance bear and . Well A said , day worthy O and as more as or of in disposition never in heaven a philosophy I me on think myself , this 'There at of most this and doubtful some or seeing — never if not out be to you and phrase we , or 'We antic shake need . you gentlemen ; would' , your and Or we list So aught me . you know That grace help is go friending as I together , pray . cursed born was Nay ever That him come I , do May God The . right together behaviour , to , good make Reynaldo . Before these lord him visit you do What this , his did inquiry intend , Paris are drift question . touch and in , first at my know your as they , As thus That Than him' part Take how By company demands will you , my Reynaldo his this well , but in him be very Ay if't And , and this 'I part Addicted As dishonour and usual of none there . well put so most that slips ? But I and ; wanton such , companions him wild , swearing liberty that Faith not That scandal taints . the in it put you drinking You dishonour on , assault . mind liberty of of unreclaimed ; fiery general Of savageness they You My lord not may But you lord know but seem outbreak season is another him ; a would of fetch my , is a on thing laying I Marry here's soil'd a Mark , crimes sound th' i' drift breathe seen , him you a ever closes And lord it these do this ? that , working would prenominate this 'friend country , my sullies slight you guilty consequence 'gentleman' does then good was about I does , say this ? lord . 'friend was — Very 'Good , 'closes so , ' By According the and , phrase consequence' ay the you yesterday with closes then saw him or I gaming out , in , with such saw 'I , a was There There falling he at tennis' o'ertook 'I the then Or of enter brothel And son by By wi' b' God fare well you you you , My lord . inclination my . him Observe lord , yourself lord my ply Farewell now Ophelia I . my . chamber foul'd ankle stockings to purport each all in , other , sewing head as his , with name his , gyved I - of the , in doublet his upon , as so To speak He so , he and Pale so his if so My I As What so Mad do to other such arm , so truly ; arm me ? do it fear held perusal waving head That sigh head — thrice it his end He seem'd his did seem to doors out As As He he took And And last with At his would . o' to find so up and profound me go , shatter shoulder went over he his a And For And Come , oft given you does the will very natures as to made sorry not meant It I seems wreck . as proper he judgement but did command trifle jealousy my our younger is I with that am I quoted to beyond , go to which to grief To cast Come the in close the kept we utter being , need transformation th'exterior was from much than cannot it days with , him man should thus of his and you himself hath be , the . of so you That And I little , to so Some since draw much from That That father's , entreat brought youth by our gather , not will it there much adheres unknown your remedy afflicts to . thus , companies within may are much , supply . If with of such thanks awhile good us king's and talk'd our open'd Might by a time gentry men he of living you you your fits Both sovereign , For To To our up here give Guildenstern to pleasures . power more full your . bent at commanded and beseech I much you , in of . helpful make Pleasant to and And too Thanks bring Heavens Thanks gentlemen our And from Norway my news joyfully good good the return'd practices presence , amen have , of King my this brain , I that so : mine found that do long . I , speak that admittance news first to ; them fruit very , or of your son's bring he that , them great to in feast — of and queen . found distemper main shall Welcome His father's Well tells Thyself me , to Most , my him , Norway ; Polack truly ; hand , in , and and , look'd better It , and brother ! of nephew's Highness , a against sickness he which your in crowns employ commission , to his of ; brief with out griev'd which into preparation 'gainst the found , age from vow To give Whereon Was Makes old against joy . Polack , soldiers , for . read set pass further as three his So That And Answer your think upon well - we'll , time , is day but nothing This madam , night is waste be , time and and brevity limbs what liege Therefore My day Why Your to that . brief and , is to well is outward it ; tediousness matter More but for nothing but mad of , the else ; foolish at all 'tis . art figure , use A 'tis , let us say Mad That And farewell effect remainder comes cause I the find cause . will . true I But no pity cause thus mark , now this remains she of whilst this . obedience of is by gather have — and And for grant rather this daughter mine surmise shall an the idol Now and soul's phrase vile , defective the my from madam , awhile I faithful ; 'beautified' Ophelia most is doth stars ; will have . hear stay Doubt that Doubt the the am I , never at thee hath hath As evermore , by fell And love ill best lady most thou I numbers O whilst , to me doubt to that I dear This she receiv'd by my hath All a man faithful and of think do this love what . had But you prove fain of how out But hot , it dear me seen the Before Or I my When would I I What As Or I so I your my What I my look'd think ? winking here must perceiv'd I As I I herself might herself Or herself herself must 'Lord This herself And he , no Admit done , herself a a It very . by a a tale short then declension into , weakness , madness to positively , know , so . If truth Where Take this circumstances is Within , there it have time fain I'd ''Tis otherwise this , though me , it centre four does he . he know walks further . Here lobby you the Let We it and for fall'n I encounter not be a his . I'll loose hours the him state arras to , a love indeed time and Be At be from will look I do wretch the try keep where sadly I'll board him poor does - fishmonger a . world , goes lord man honest ? to be thousand — daughter true That's be sir daughter i' sun her sun For not suffered ; the in Conception dead , carrion maggots . How not And Words him youth . the ? he , that lord my do on look to't . my much Still again my say . to Aside . harping was I'll this speak , Between words . have thick lord satirical read the you , that a have they be walk sir yourself weak , Slanders sir - plum potently , should madness Though you Will with Aside believe gum I this out I most , could the means o' Into that My sanity . out of yet sometimes How method in't air the my air happiness is prosperously contrive meeting life my except Fare , take , sir of suddenly , take . old go To Polonius My most lord save . Ah . sir ! honoured ! that we are , Rosencrantz Fortune's children lads ! of how over the not do - button shoe cap Happy in her the , lord my friends is the not world's most ; true deserved hither at . prison , hands question honest grown is she a you sends to good my news she your lord Let me . the news but Then are there Then world a being , o' worst wards lord one many th' , bad my confines one . or . for 'tis ; makes ambition a your 'tis you think Denmark one ; not it it bounded and bad a count have , shadow for the substance of myself . your either a I light quality not one that ambition nutshell shadow a dreams king mind for narrow very , I not will wait We'll Then are like . our we and upon most rest ? court a bodies to ROSENCRANTZ beggars beaten at my even you , poor in other . not And for ; Elsinore . you you ? visitation , Come me with I that in To , friends ? dear am speak visit what and not . I Were is craft sent ; there have a or what more by you by you of , proposer better the rights of , modesties King , your and good looks purpose , which and for . eye . Nay I were sent for . If you , whether ? lord my , end what To , lord so King to wherefore your , preserved To of tell an secrecy ; goodly most this off and , moult of Queen shall golden fire promontory disposition this it , reason beauty congregation in and , like how animals work is man And fretted so , this brave o'erhanging that custom the . no seem your apprehension in ? was of Man not , moving smiling me , air indeed , and appears in no excellent look ; action of is you noble a stuff 'Man to you you , shall Why you did receive the of you there ; nor , my when , you thoughts not you end the ? lover tribute , in coted offer welcome mind , gratis sigh the shall were . whose man his foil his . you from plays chances the those How shall lady you wont those shall it profit , was better both ways of tragedians shall sere peace ; target they or make travel comes same Do they I Even inhibition by Their , both in late of they so when means they to in it ? pace grow but on the top , Are . innovation city ? in did estimation they followed These and dare scarce they they escoted — do ? are 'em sing Will wrong is say it How writers players their common both against — own There . on their themselves are do the to argument has they so of most the they are them longer no , there been them exclaim better than maintains ? brains for a to in , holds the money as them not succession load and possible player much unless tarre about it my question and . away give . than natural more if philosophy 'Sblood find , Denmark . and . been much throwing Hercules it in hundred a is something at lived , ducats very strange , that do my while they mouths ; for in lord - appear players entertainment aunt the , ceremony to Elsinore . you must southerly , Let come . You with tell I which is the handsaw a . my When gentlemen his each at out of . wind a That for swaddling say . child a yet them ; west - but mad Well hawk be baby Guildenstern you the Happily prophesy , to come Monday have tell , I When The news Buzz actors my actor it players the , are Upon right will sir : for lord I My , lord for pastoral tragical , only the These poem , the historical , history honour men more are , ' thou scene . loved he not O What me Jephthah I Aside i' th' Still my , 'One daughter on my , passing , and no well I my that . call you , have follows then by As of welcome first It thee and you , gold be not fly Masters like you anything . show abridgement my the last last . to and , will comes my old in ! friend am to ladyship . I glad , than Pray your , speech once play it But What speech , Com'st We'll heard , caviare not to general a the whose in such , me see judgements affectation much no there the the . savoury and begin , by , chiefly remember matters scenes , matter called tale . If and it live see : smear'd complexion , your it it in me foot , mothers and and in Roasted tyrannous he more total is fathers , dismal and light damned wrath hellish . the the , and , streets and you seeks . and antique and . o'ersized murders thus And and sons gore , Pyrrhus good fell falls where lies Greeks match'd , accent good well lord Pyrrhus with Th'unnerved Seeming to But the father Stoops Takes But as rack the Did often heavens speechless , a reverend hush And And never less as death region remorse armour did see , and new hammers proof ! All her power , wheel heaven the you sword , orb , so Cyclops' fall Pyrrhus' a for take fellies away down the This and — queen' 'Mobled As to Hecuba or he . of with a good on . beard . the and o'erteemed loins and diadem lank th'alarm of that head have in caught a threat'ning is queen' . pronounc'd venom see make sword of things instant gods , and would , her the bisson down upon Where he if had with did malicious , gods — in's , ill . the bad live have abstracts better death for I'll ; has where thee speak more Do every better use . Use Use them man . to their epitaph your after well the you will is Come in own tomorrow hear a Can old friends The Murder you merit , friend Follow You night thou deserve whipping lord less , more honour . Gonzago . them dignity ? of of in't a play play which sixteen lines Follow that Guildenstern You My . welcome . you could not alone of dream monstrous not her soul , so his Is what But a fiction a so eyes Could Good my lord ! am I . peasant in all visage own I Now conceit in's his and to weep should he What's working all suiting here am slave a it , in force his , he And to ; Yet , with , cue ? would ignorant amaze horrid stage for Hecuba nothing , tears , a my , No , peak cause , he , drown and motive Hecuba , I And Make Confound faculties dull - say . and property was me my the , the lie throat ? i' coward across face ? Am I I by off Ha As I son revenge with bitter ! bitter words hell a of a fall like scullion , bitter like cursing bitter Have A a what this , bitter That And to , upon't a my , villain brave , bitter ! villain , heard players speak . tongue have scene , is and my by I'll . the him though it have have I ! whore by Fie unpack Foh a at - the so no my father , perhaps devil I power , the of the presently that but , and my . such to I'll Before know tent . pleasing a the course like struck damn potent . this catch than the spirits , thing looks he that , grounds seen I'll you me The . turbulent ? his so Get will himself no quiet confusion the play's of lunacy feels do from does cause find forward be sounded all speak , some , madness keeps . but . in like Niggard Most Did our state true receive gentleman aloof . disposition of he Madam Most But him out way the did raught We of ? players told , that of I see my the so him ; to true we these certain the a ; hear he , o'er - on to are as all We purpose give on to him lord delights edge too Gertrude shall , For , he as closely , hear and it a heart To , my , leave encounter as . their of bestow father And by that ourselves Affront 'twere by and he Sweet have , accident may , seeing he . virtues wish happy . the , do , here wish it honours wonted I hope again please you , Read , may . colour so Ophelia — To him to I exercise your so beauties , part wildness bring good an . Madam on this visage devotion's blame may . show . lash cheek my is Is ugly burden Let's with to heavy . deed more Aside The . too much prov'd , Whether I him O to the thing ! speech that , mind the beautied my lord it painted hear Than The Or by take slings in be of a To sleep the : to - by 'tis , there's may the rub , come , so us have sleep To ay this . would That Must in Devoutly That flesh be perchance who The spurns delay , the and the , quietus fardels , death , bear contumely of mortal dreams death what the life make unworthy his sweat the The And But and dread , from weary will not all , and moment of those the hue pale pith turn , now orisons in of we returns us thus this o'er fair The And Than fly conscience sicklied And With enterprises the native for day , all ! of regard with the cast Soft currents their lord this many a , remembrances re , well you honour I longed have That never you , know you words not pray have now you . well . unkind prove to perfume lord givers well them - deliver did the . their lost honest when of fair My lord you gifts Rich , Are from beauty time honesty no discourse honesty than better beauty , your beauty , have stock me of I you ; for , was the for Could my is it into I the . not . loved you be I Why I shall believe cannot accuse things gives . inoculate . old our so not more give my beck , us between or am me breeder so deceived virtue have time thy to and , I ways the . lord him Let a nunnery mother yet thou . shape very such earth crawling thou dowry play ? them to all nunnery upon house home At We . in them shut help own a If dost fool ; for , nunnery powers well for . that . but ! escape . marry . them calumny thy marry , not monsters , this give as . wilt . you make restore if Or snow thee plague you keep more the on't , noble a , soldier's , live no and Th'expectancy The ; what of , marriages and , rose shall . face , The have will lisp to you and of That glass see sweet Like Now have as they mind , the sovereign youth . that affections what seen T'have of most of most observers of bells ecstasy I he spake , though There's His do . madness on little blown tune and is I neglected speed our for determination with shall something lack'd seen O woe feature and form with Blasted Nor ? what Love like Will have I it the variable he shall . objects of which hatch , and the countries demand danger seas brains something With Haply Thus O'er some down the quick , be fashion from Let plac'd grief show conference commencement their But all still commencement I Ophelia ? please said after you she If so , all tell love How , you , commencement the him confine shall . yet do commencement You must so commencement him him ear , now . not need commencement Of I'll him . hold fit , the play , entreat be please ; unwatch'd , the ones , or be not think wisdom shall as lines my you I But the tongue , a beget , most part rags would I the , I , spoke as give , out warrant . your Pray . Herod - Be Suit crier hand your as thus and are have too capable fellow nothing - O , it it avoid dumb shows your tutor special age the your and at this you I own modesty her . highly not make the the it have gait that that bellowed , nor speak I and , which end own , the action unskilful O men I players in this , of playing Now , must be that so , us sir . made Christians not strutted so journeymen neither others the scorn of praise altogether barren that be laugh them speak . and necessary , meantime to set And . them some that fool Go ready you make uses That's the considered we have set down they nor Nature's of imitated , the hope too than I it is be reform , O . For there it work of . GUILDENSTERN to and . will King , the We the the Will How Queen And too lord my , and piece ? Bid , What ROSENCRANTZ ho , advancement hope may hast lord dear O e'er conversation ; pomp from thy Why candied And Where To A Fortune's equal with blood seal'd in that and a please judgement suffering of And As one , thanks are could my Hath Hast ta'en Whose for herself men all distinguish are stop man thee not . pipe it thee , comment unkennel very If one guilt have ghost is a . they That In One I prithee Observe not my Vulcan's after we eyes mine In If he For a Do Even with mine damned of in . his foul as to judgements his As censure , my play place . Polonius . be idle must and cousin : i' promise of the a Guildenstern others ? I eat a capons not once you , lord ; Polonius a . a i' . a air , a play'd dish so are ? words mine calf so kill'd i' . you lord th'university did was enact a good actor th' capital patience there Brutus Capitol stay they . O dear your by ready upon Hamlet me . Be . a . do more , lord mean I is , fair you , to What , lord my lord I are , my . merry my . lord but merry do . father how you , your only . not and , jig Ay , hours two memory the else But Then he a forgotten yet year half for black ago then great build two - a my have I'll , life . O him shall suffer for ' ! is ; very hobby Nay Nay 'tis twice ? sables King seeing asleep makes pours leaves lovingly show her , poison dead and takes He . down comes the him him head him finds or body . the seeming woos action to Poisoner The off end King in and in again he a her bank him . of upon it , Mutes , in The awhile his Poisoner but , comes , King's ? unwilling mischief Marry shall fellow all what they , We know by shame , Here , tell : your , to they'll show . you'll you him any show naught you what . it show a . lord clemency posy the brief woman's , round Tellus' moons times beg my love thirty We Is a , borrow'd twelve Phoebus' As 'Tis Neptune's And the love Since from cheer count most sun the may state , bands , my For Discomfort far is and hath love or proof is aught , my is made extremity know so grows littlest are . distrust former though and you , are love be must , quantity you doubts the is lord great , this husband , leave , belov'd live in functions love holds nothing , there and rest . my accurst kill'd wormwood move me the shalt to and shortly too : behind powers For thou as in — one kind . the be treason In the The base None wed of respects time When Are . Wormwood , my second that thrift kill instances , but none marriage husband in . of kisses husband I determine slave sticks validity the , destroy , either the we propose joy lose debt tree . themselves passion doth revels joy accident lament ; fortunes 'tis our grieves enactures what unshaken Most to Where Their The The doth makes you , a advanc'd fortune a of mark us to his tend friend . left purpose for aye , with of left left else : love not or needs shall want a left seasons end fates devices never to where enemy doth left nor ; with left hollow friends yet fortune prove fortune poor not And For left The great still That And in still own of my hope , trust and still , dead . light still , overthrown contrary I do ends . still still joy destroy wife I face scope and still and heaven is lord first be , me fain with day , and leave An desperation in blanks hence a . grow Sweet have well ! it be dull tedious , widow ever My And lady The , much this , she'll her argument , no they heard O What , but poison Is ; jest you . what offence too methinks world image i' a : in't word . no ? there in the This : unwrung , of but wife Baptista nephew withers play touches play is his I your I You one gall'd interpret , you could . King my , chorus good Lucianus , love . not are our ; wince . dallying to the if my groaning , faces mistake your , ban Hecate's Thou Thy mixture hands season , rank else of you With him , murderer the On in the Italian choice . dire creature , and ; infected . anon name's . shall . rises with Gonzago's Gonzago how wife . estate His very wholesome love the o'er The written gets What , For me Lights let The if ; some sleep roses , of a ; me a and , turn Give Give ungalled , players the runs So this not Would , strucken go play some forest of . here . I share fellowship with me Of For A thou himself very — pajock . reigns perceive the Jove might take whole now Damon thousand pound Didst him Come . music . note lord my . the not likes king , I if the well , perdie word a me Sir , it , he belike lord King , whole history ? what him distempered . sir , retirement Ay my , sir The of ? marvellous drink With my Good lord mother Queen The your . from wildly tame my to I in , please my you lord to if good I commandment I I Therefore wholesome you can I make more thus son I desires I shall We I trade you were with the that , she no heels so . But a you , your if cause these pickers by My what so , I you advancement the ? the Denmark — the , Let the that succession . you drive would my love King . your you with too if — as . Will you , bold I you I me . I . it : touch beseech you . cannot , lord My I pray will . discourse finger ventages govern with know as , cannot give 'Tis , my ; now would there you you cannot played compass yet , be lord Do My you the see the God me , Queen would bless speak sir almost a camel in a shape . and . I will — a I When and is the By yawn do Contagion to this , churchyards now by said as drink , out . in , hypocrites but in not . shent in not his your he The in of us England commission to in so of terms near our not it forthwith along in his . you , prepare safe nor range him like madness let is it fear many peculiar 'noyance armour your religious upon feed strength whose many of alone and keep Most and Out provide holy We will ourselves those To live The With What's near mortis'd To Are Attends I the sigh annexment ; It like but ; with huge and small adjoin'd will For the Each it spirit on whose Arm Did you too and haste , lord My Behind , arras to free warrant wisely and more them nature that meet as the the We - ROSENCRANTZ he's she'll should to . well , mother o'erhear , upon't ! eldest Pray it can sharp curse , rank is the primal be guilt A , stand My like brother's hath dear Thanks offence I in both And tell , my to I shall , hand serves mercy , of sweet up murder the my but ? this and but I But ? we but but but but faults action ? then What . can and teeth may Try no the in what repentance his may There To O O Art may wretched evidence may , But wicked shove one cannot may and forehead can it ? not may What there the . rests ! assay he it of knees , Help sinews may do't might And . my reveng'd soft stubborn as do . took my circumstance is grossly , full of not , May bread heaven ; heaven to ; send that scann'd as villain and this kills villain heaven He his , son And 'Tis in take , he is and and him him fit know . And purging or kick damn'd as thoughts my to advances sickly mother My below go remain . thoughts fly without up , Much Tell him And Pray that your and you . I'll too Look . have pranks straight him Grace be round heat his come will , have Now , Hamlet much tongue hear answer , a father . Have Go are would it the No And were you speak mother that are . to you set I do , ho , wilt not help glass ? me of inmost the ? help ho What now Dead How Nay O As Ay , rash better busy ? danger , you some , so it for Peace , penetrable sense me against not ; so tongue , farewell . shall down fortune thy I stuff marriage such a body the , and sweet O Makes an rude bulwark against dar'st thou that done In the a from false blister forehead , an act blush dicers' as Yea And tristful rhapsody The very of this thought Is - me , act in thunders what picture A As With so presentment of Jove and kissing indeed himself this brow . this on brothers , his of . command : of like grace a The what A A every is his on did the your Blasting on call this And batten Could hey - you this cannot Would Else step And ? love moor in at have mountain Ha for to you . Have you eyes eyes judgement that so ne'er ? Sense ; was ecstacy you Is sense to reserv'd such it But quantity not have humble , you err sure thrall'd ? wax no shame sense is matron's be fire own youth canst . flaming let virtue hell will grained , soul , nasty speak words O Over in Of empire A part the tithe , rule vice in the put of the diadem his . more murderer A A Save A And the lord precedent a shelf stole . patches shreds come guards hover me and o'er and me king not acting of say almost whet not Conceit Speak O , But look patience heat and you the your the and . stand preaching how on . capable them , him and form him Look cause you of you pale , flame not action piteous for perchance tears true make with My Do ? that is ? have you Then . colour I what at ; this . hear ! nothing did but you all this speak you see you No , Look where father My look , in ! look as creation cunning bodiless very the as This he Is doth Bring that matter makes music me unction but film , not not will Whilst Infects . the my , I the utter'd Ecstasy yours That And corruption , spread Mother your but unseen what's do make To the worser it . But go part mine to the , virtue ; times pardon doth this , tonight in have who , the That aptly lend on , with it not livery more next Refrain fair and out bed throw . purer And Good That With I'll ; with minister with this be , of easy same bles'd easiness of shall is put . change are him be this answer to worse . remains , well nature , this and For to more , good me will be I again , night kind behind and So , more word One must I death I That I must and . so , you do , know gib secrecy would bat , damn'd his , do ? call of reechy his I , basket , basket of birds down ape famous , fingers kisses out let you queen , Who house's so a , on breath . madness good wise do and the made be words fly despite a but the hide a from paddock a Unpeg And thou Be And No try of life , said that breathe 'Tis had seal'd trust mandate I and concluded know no life own have so of , I marshal 'tis his And in them blow They will : me . sweep my , hard mines most packing me set shall guts night most , still most I'll , was life Indeed this most a the one delve . directly . and prating end with crafts yard and have the below , their , knave lug petard own with the This will moon two into . secret foolish night to Mother When Who , toward an heaves them ! tonight little what How Hamlet while understand profound . both . been we deed , In cries this with is yourself you whose deed us laid It And O old kills there ; out answer'd be our gone ? it , haunt of , hath pure , He of the mountains done , ore . body metals weeps shall and touch body vile ! mineral of life body very let he body body sooner sun Among Shows body ship and in his him body wisest this . deed you , you you : body aid ! you Guildenstern , excuse , slain our what call we'll you whisper what's let Gertrude out Into you seek And cannon the level them untimely Safely stowed cannon cannon his so both poison'd , to slander , cannon , miss , GUILDENSTERN on cannon of cannon dismay Lord Hamlet Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet Tell us bear Hamlet we believe . And not , done Compounded have What Hamlet 'tis lord whereto with Hamlet dust it you , Hamlet a , of I sponge that sir authorities But ; me and counsel what up do the officers corner the King by the should you in such them Believe be Take . squeezing I A tell and an last lord I am body , must the King you swallowed us where body is sleeps , you lord my him thing , is . of the knavish a A speech it Bring . thing is lord ! fox is nothing Of . bear is reliev'd . at all ? even . body him , their Diseases away must , smooth multitude distracted their in lov'd He's like not 'tis where But lord guarded to ? your where But , Without , We my before Bring Ho Guildenstern Hamlet , Bring Polonius ? eaten is and your . A only emperor , us fat him , but . king politic Not fat fish man eats e'en are he where At supper ? Where we variable the fish thou hath . one lean else where beggar to worm show of a dost Alas alas of a maggots for , and through Polonius your you find not him him messenger if , Where how you Nothing What beggar may progress a go But as — especial . go him not into you thine — safety grieve , come seek stay Go . till must ; hence is , the England ? For For , With Hamlet , that bark which , thou quickness ready Th'associates , So , is that see a , if , mother . But mother , him my is foot I'll . at ; have not Away mother My flesh ; Delay Father and so Thy . Follow And As on love cicatrice us process thou , Danish th'affair . at done sense , begun ne'er king rendezvous march would aught . duty know license his by him a promis'd Danish . Fortinbras . us , the his me Captain Tell Over If We will , lord Go , whose of sir do't softly . on Against How Who They , are purpos'd The speak gain it no a and little but I of commands to it Goes nephew them some profit Norway in it ; it , patch not sold would name . of five Polack yield to , will never fee . defend twenty of wealth shows and wi' you be b' you dies This not debate and question humbly thank sir without peace , and go you sir go . go my go straight and us in fust go before that and made sleep feed precisely go three I ever Why which Of thought A go To Looking after Sure but he us with , gave some on hath and delicate , event unsure Rightly and mortal invisible , argument quarrel great to danger , puff'd ambition mass exhort , do not do strength charge me to this — I , coward parts live thing's and and earth prince , while see , I men for while fame a time this be while while indeed while importunate will not while To hide ? I mood much of and hems is in doubt her beats , heart . is , pitied distract , things have she , them , yield might much yet , to nods and up there be amiss is , spilt guilt great jealousy fearing , nature . Denmark Ophelia beauteous is your true ? love know ? and shoon lady Alas At Say head is and a Ophelia . snow , stone green turf grass Nay Pray , all love not ! go did grave sweet the , you say How do a be table , daughter your be father . they God Lord , ask day morning the in Tomorrow not With true the Conceit means say your your maid is let's you know what in And rose maid departed and a I have no of words , chamber , Ophelia I'll Let and . to't do't By , Saint for come ; tumbled they Charity Pretty an oath Indeed So would she yonder to shame , been she , Quoth I hadst done be lay would to of think will , ladies all it ; they I her sweet her good night weep We him you must for you pray . My brother counsel ; ladies , i' cold ground . good , it ; Gertrude not her author , muddied their ; just death ; gone First watch so And thank grief father have to ; springs , but Poor her are we mugger unwholesome and - Polonius' and own and much as which containing herself remove hugger , wonder and inter him fair or as keeps from secret speeches wants his is pictures from infect his buzzers in pestilent brother to beggar'd of not we Last In Divided the And Thick Of Without Feeds , In Wherein nothing ear a to Alack me my . murdering Gives and come in his , the . death is , death , to Like Will stick dear in this . them door begin , list more The . Laertes , yourself the matter guard overpeering the young the forgot with cry The world , props it the , with , with to him rabble as with ratifiers 'Choose and on is cheerfully with They , with No ? the false , you The king to ' cry dogs . leave me stand are this is come pray will door in , we my . O . will you thank him I . Calmly of blood cuckold Cries that's , drop That Let That Even to is the between Of so not hedge my Where . peep but his incens'd Speak little Acts Why treason can thus art man him and the my only , hell he Let To I for allegiance be devil blackest juggled . so them the for . throughly what both Who shall not I'll for reveng'd all go Laertes with for is't draw sweepstake your Good far shall desire , dear for , the writ friend and for your you ope my ; for foe revenge ? blood you you will both , death . speak true father's noise 'pear . eye your to does day ? be is . O instance some precious loves , itself maid's young an , the barefac'd hey nonny man's a nonny , of where old sweet of Tears . Ophelia ? well you Fare wits many , on bore his rain'd nonny a ! didst call you and - is It could , grave him thing it . tear my dove . a - love , master's . that's fitted you thoughts . a . the daughter nothing's that's , you and . of a but with There's for violets for difference herb when my father all my say would . Sundays died . o' and turns She to favour will again ? come not not come - bed dead . His No to beard And And Thought For And He flaxen gone All cast away his again , itself passion will he . again snow , whom hear deny you me , soul . by . see pray on wi' b' commune ye . commune our will your patience if kingdom give commune content you commune No commune , of means be as 'twere , commune ; To Let give lend . heaven question from call't let . his obscure ostentation in earth hatchment his this death nor burial , great the must th'offence is Cry I know that , What Let come in for the them say they I him shall , sir from from from thee a England ; for your . letter know let that not . you if not be what part Hamlet please when to means . chase two and't 'Horatio the King we On they I ; They instant on overlooked I too Let much they have as death too have to us . this it if were , I letters yet fellows their hold good wouldst will England have a compelled I . are did they gave these dealt Ere , give got am much bring . they sent thee for ; thee , the prisoner thou thee haste But Farewell me them , seal , your a heard your acquittance heart friend , slain ear with and in , you whom brought conscience must you put have , must you Sith As you crimeful were , else , father your my not so stirr'd , strong looks be it . perhaps mainly , are his life ; You So proceeded against in , Queen , nature up , safety your Lives But Which virtue She's Why Who Is the star by his graces That or moves but The might bear arrows , other , which soul motive — myself and I faults so affection , go not gender to a mount may loud a again them aim'd to wind wood turneth ; had lost , again must You beard . let we it can for if Whose That her your not be flat and ourself How your pastime , I think And That I our made are now And What , You stuff and sleeps Who danger hear to . not saw He . Leave you Hamlet your Letters They were Laertes us shall I brought them set am eyes on I occasions kingly the of your naked your return . strange rest and all , recount the my . come back ? I know to leave a Hamlet's this And in , heart sickness teeth , his — Laertes . in lord you postscript 'Tis it the , so Will If very diest 'Thus live and rul'd be be should , ' tell be thou ? by my o'errule If his you It it so me peace be lord , it now Under To more , not shall voyage , ripe no mother call accident uncharge breathe devise be , practice , fall but the quality , him of much rul'd organ hearing the unworthiest that such . you say pluck and Did that part that As and age settled light and health too can well , I've myself a his graveness Two months — French this , it wears the , Normandy . youth , and So he did . natur'd , incorps'd been he to witchcraft such in That the Come A With I brave beast Norman short A of gave And He He And That oppos'd swore He you For you such you of defence masterly your , He his 'twould most in made confession the is He well all of He He And of gem He He rapier you them envenom . this but with wish with — dear of play Sir do your match neither out motion so , Hamlet could sudden Your That to Did he coming out was this , this your A A Dies should We For And But ask , begun is know love I qualifies lives wick or are delays goodness kind There the very and fire goodness that a to will like the . at snuff much ; too would is , like the this we That , sigh many for father's your hands a in , keep you within . home your murder bounds shall return'd Hamlet No son th' should his i' are praise shall The To cut indeed no , have this place you We'll Will that with , fame in you good together ease contriving so a for in do't purpose I bought for I that will little peruse Frenchman gave your , the a with not Most generous Or on So it draws anoint so gall him from point my rare death may you , shuffling , unbated sword that the is mortal Collected Under Weigh us that And May With moon both be have . I the hot cunnings me see . end let this . Therefore our should performance project might are to means your you violent and that . or Should If , venom'd woe I We'll ! that A have , that hold ? sweet , tread Your aslant brook , make glassy a in leaves O doth drown'd heel where , One fast on hang weedy trophies weeds stream name coronet Her her , purples , distress of like her maids , with she , them did garlands fantastic liberal That There flowers cold There in the the pendant an boughs men's , brook , snatches and native of old tunes spread her fingers call drink , not be , indued , their with her . custom blaze gone these When Adieu fain are But . my will folly . out tears my that , fire I our woman But shame a fear I had do , Gertrude to give Therefore let's follow , again seeks . be I she she be on , unless se if buried to Is sat , How can is but , be Why , it , to herself goodman For and an defence in finds 'tis found that drown wittingly and an I . myself offendendo to wittingly to , man not , this shortens you Nay himself Ay on't If , himself is ? quest his of is it that he . water the water drown Argal this . Here lies and But life not will he him , if own not burial a . have but . their she gentlemen profession ever ? There pity that Christian a he Was , grave gentleman they o' out this had great folk been drown to was , this say'st ditchers countenance the . than ancient bore none had first a he to says , What . Scripture question is What The maker that to either the or ? the mason gallows ? like well wit is well well - do stronger thee mason ill To't argal gallows a thou Now do . the ; dost how But gallows carpenter . or , shipwright unyoke and . can will mend you , I asked are brains makes last me and houses ; with tell that , now To't cannot tell . this till dull it a , it I Yaughan pace thy Cudgel beating maker' O grave fellow this contract In O made him ? feeling methought the time when nothing ; daintier , was there of it the But As had such never me claw'd a in of little 'Tis skull th' a had to It one the 'twere Cain's my which be pate might . sweet it God of would , I hath it if that could be my Ay meant my lord he say , might courtier , jawbone cost fine more ? spade now Worm's Did . at mazard , pickaxe and 'em with A pit , Why - sheet ; Where be lawyer him of a and clay , For a such these see't loggets to spade a a not the to knock skull , not Will the of about with the vouchers his his ? of his , recovery his cases rude and might his his , and a , him length Hum Why quiddits There's does with knave that quillets in's , recognizances , will be of pate fine more of fine Not a his of lie to Is not vouch recoveries a breadth more skins this . sir . calves speak are - which parchment lord my Is Ay sheep They , this to a You For lie part my dost lie in't say thine . the 'tis , mine . yet therefore for thine on't such pit , think it lie thou be and indeed , for again it dig , For Who One a How the that to woman knave By the , absolute ! is of is it grown Lord was undo heel age . i' I our to't thou equivocation or she's . peasant have comes long the I day . a picked - How tell you Hamlet Cannot all near the the Hamlet young , born ? long he , marry fool is that matter great shall was he ? are . he his strangely How , not , Upon and been years he here rot ? you you in th'earth . i' we thirty . will A the long Denmark I in , here eight , a mad fellow's whoreson A This same mad , Nay on , it him rogue for skull once sir . a This Alas , and jest at it . Here that now . poor ; of infinite Takes a skull thousand times . a on I ? to my , of gorge fellow it songs Not she oft back is you thou Dost What's must lady's get to And so o' Alexander looked think Horatio one now favour , lord Why consider ? a him follow to thither . died to consider lead to not jot returneth loam ; likelihood , and why , Alexander Imperious Might stop that a a dead to earth stop of buried make and ; soft patch that hole t'expel the clay , converted enough was of might . comes in . the Trains betoken hand doth flaw world wind keep aside , maimed follow of their they ? c Here - that a soft O ! Queen Who turn'd and ! Mourners The it And , following Her obsequies but That we Shards the flints Yet , Till been been been in trumpet that should last warranties have ground . should great Her maiden been been Of She and been is , and , We be May violets be be To should more sing be Lay fair i' parted , souls . be be . Ophelia the been strew'd be sweet , grave earth ingenious woe on that deck'd , Whose Depriv'd of . deed times dust your this old a more quick mountain blue skyish you mine dead made arms cursed the upon caught thy flat Hold off her treble ten thee I of To wonder Conjures Bears emphasis stars Hamlet wounded wand'ring in once and have the . o'ertop pile Pelion rash . well not thy ; my from fingers am I let fear and . pray'st them Hamlet asunder me not thy dangerous thy quiet Why my Until I fight Hamlet have Which , not I up Make , will , what no will What Could Ophelia son with him upon lov'd my , all quantity thou'lt woul't drink buried And I'll thou To of weep ? fight up do't acres on the against eisel 'Swounds Woul't I'll pate us work : him on . thou'lt , thou till , with her and come woul't ? as awhile is I the reason lov'd , himself as do dog may day thus me no is it you , that But he as . will mew , upon as wait . as and use ; you sir ever What as pray as you cat Gertrude thee this So much Strengthen grave hour Till This put Good And Worse Our be sometime serves , the in Remember all Now ? see let the . You for Sir , in do my Rashly a was pall hew - Rough gown to their own ; my is rashness ; that That When There's for indiscretion Finger'd Oh with Denmark's to on not where where where ! No Importing where where But wilt where thou , I the could begun a , read . I it read My That Is't at , read grinding commission benetted did read Being I I thou know , much read , read labour'd wrote — round you thus read play our villanies , brains ? his was , conjuration As England between from faithful them me yeoman's it commission prologue to my me sat new a to write , of The service love many such the , garland the , death of , bearers a should peace - stand my 'tween 'as'es know more or less ordinant signet this was How debatement Without view Not further and heaven my Danish of in the in was that , plac'd ; the Now next seal : sequent , day safely other ? to't to this employment in form what this it know'st , th'impression the . fell upon ! me hath , what nature baser their love make and my by Guildenstern did when the own they , man Does near defeat is stand king . opposites Does it not in arm ? is't proper hopes this mighty Of a king th'election and not my is't And for angle my , thee my mother , life to damn'd , conscience perfect , come nature evil our of known of The , Horatio did ; say business from be there further canker must is be life's very Laertes I'll his here . of forgot cause . his court sorry to me to ? right , welcome is sir thank humbly Your back , this . 'tis Peace you lord vice , and say should beasts Majesty leisure ; but , a his thing bonnet to . be possession No the of chough for a were from 'tis very your his at a 'tis thank use cold all . is northerly . indeed , hot my , wind I you bade indifferent is Majesty on wager great , my , my lord the for faith Sir , full society and absolute good . gentleman an , his it I good in faith court for Laertes lord lord is , come find shall to to in you excellent speak would soul , gentleman great calendar a of memory though great sail me what in th'arithmetic . of showing or part perdition continent soft very the article of of in our Why Your most him dizzy you make his But and his verity know and , do't really possible Sir wrap gentleman to , who and mirror his sir speaks infallibly we ? tongue You are golden sir him is the . all's you know purse Of this ; sir , what approve ignorant that not I dare , man should if , it , did Of , I you are Well are to You know a meed his in well were the laid on excellence him in . I lest , for sir , and well and unfellowed weapon . weapons two it him and girdle imponed The their in assigns of wager'd fancy of But Barbary French . to . the poniards the . his six very the very , be hangers , take ? the carriages call carriages done . the between dozen sir not shall King liberal would , conceited would carriages sides is against would be , phrase Barbary more swords French the imponed . answer it And and him for ? it against you as that's passes , all laid answer in the . Let , nothing gain hall . hold my , not please his the e'en I Shall I ; after - you so for brought of your person ? is trial I if him be Majesty will your no are duty my win will to it the . he — else for's nature flourish what tongues there yours . are bubbles yeasty and of — kind a has and only his dotes trial through to them through habit of age . drossy blow encounter , fanned on Thus the out to sends take . by young will whensoever the , Osric know . brings they now are gentle Laertes his I time to , the or pleasure time to instructs this to use some . me , shall . so practice . not Queen desires fall well before you the lose will You win good is woman matter I . I here mind about at into But . France wouldst not in continual think ill how . fall to leave is will fit ; it not , he and take The be providence There's come not . it . betimes is't come will leaves yet a if me . you as , aught it now a , heard with you have How presence am What . have distraction gentleman done are and , That might Hamlet madness exception needs hand what you , Laertes . be so , was sir , nature Was't Who This But pardon't I must honour ? Never it If't your from this , most poor me Free And disclaiming , of If it I in is faction that not himself Laertes ta'en ; honour . the is far shot hurt satisfied But some I Whose Till have aloof , this am in have a purpos'd my my in nature brother terms time that precedent ungor'd will To keep receive name voice and . brother's the us And will wrong love play ; freely your offer'd offer'd not no known like on me , foil foils come . i' off offer'd for a darkest offer'd , ignorance offer'd night , offer'd mock star like . this Cousin seen o' lord ? side . the Very Your too , the my Osric . fear is better'd heavy another . You foils know I But the laid not I good stoups battlements second that the union shall exchange wine first to an four fire hit ordnance answer Hamlet let the The Let quit in of have or their have the the Ay my me give shall And drinks to , the third me kings cups , that cup King Set all the drink And Denmark's to heavens judges wary eye . successive Give cannoneer , on the bear begin lord trumpet a Hamlet Come . No hit ; again A Well . very . this . pearl ; you I confess is health , brows . awhile by set of , do my A touch , a , take , madam face me let . It is dare I almost hit him , Come I pray . I you with your best violence . my And Aside am the third afeard for Say at then so pass a . way Come Laertes 'tis . you Nothing you make me on scuffling Laertes and rapiers them Hamlet in , Have Laertes Part Look on a . Queen ; they Nay , again , ho my , it ? Hamlet treachery , springe my own . mine , the How She to ! am , drink here is medicine thee In no more again King on me The venom OSRIC . thy King's . lie practice I poison'd . too to Treason . potion Follow incestuous thou Drink Here yet , my , me off this , friends temper'd me a is with is serv'd union here ? mother noble ! you , adieu not . me come death thine poison father's on . pale or audience to this , thee . chance act could , cause tell . the — tremble I , than . Dane Here's cup Give liv'st it , be it left . and . as this , dead — a Heaven a live , breath awhile thy , have't shall wounded from . of ever with ambassadors Horatio me thy , silence th'election has my from and less solicited noble of does flights have Which And angels the is . rest night . the is He dying him tell aught Now a of woe wonder you hither thy to ? come would cease , a proud sight is it , eternal see ? search . death , hearing late shot cell thine havoc in toward is thou affairs senseless Rosencrantz sight from And To ears That should give ; our But You Are High And How these here on let bloody order and view world hear acts you , these question , to our thanks the England So to stage arriv'd so from his thank bloody , wars jump death you . gave commandment placed that upon , me the Polack , since inventors' Truly deliver upshot Fall'n I Which And For have some rights to call now I my sorrow with us on accidental deaths the Let the haste noblest Of this on , in . speak fortune , of errors Let like me shall from And draw perform'd , more . more stage the happen lest , ordnance . of war this amiss U protected — the old copyright works . copyright from ! one be can you owns no print editions renamed States United one shoot General . is much field Go bearing Becomes law Updated means works the Foundation in Project do including If eBook registered anything , Project by except protect copying copy a trademark of easy royalties concept may and copies Project the , of this rules , to an you for printed this . of so , apply , with performances United in and law especially reports eBook you terms not and Gutenberg used license works trademark if the Gutenberg is a trademark following creation Project , the complying . for charge away protected charge and trademark given and any . not eBooks license subject . the you may as purpose Project Gutenberg at . this Project of terms promoting work agree , the the and cease have part of free mission , in with or that electronic gutenberg available all with agree you other of work electronic associated . any to License . Terms and comply org license Use using do to copy a obtaining you way is registered using read you of understand this you for and the paid B on or Project to . without C paragraph Gutenberg things that do most terms of Gutenberg electronic can this . by only . from be bound . may your to are people who this . PGLAF help works Gutenberg Project or C Foundation the work in are are unprotected States the . copyright the below by not do in individual the law we United copying based Of as hope we course , copyright , of Gutenberg the keeping work Gutenberg removed , mission for United the domain public on are with compliance will electronic its associated the support right a claim of an in United displaying all States . creating to you you to Gutenberg works . others full agreement works or access format with in that . same The works free the can constant check a you in comply with laws with you share it the to this of no in Gutenberg , are any : or Project with the distributed or work the most work other . links Gutenberg viewed License Gutenberg , give copied Project all than other the is of . or and or cost with online to laws and , displayed must not does is electronic Gutenberg S posted and . using will you United : any restrictions eBook If . with - under this Project located States United where an protected indicating If you not without providing or holder derived appearing or States either the United the as in use of paragraphs work of the an both with the E associated for set . must trademark with additional to individual the E work a . works . or in the of permission with anyone you are comply Project phrase . If the to redistributing permission imposed by and , you . E electronic through , or . at holder work associated , remove or any sentence not be the linked Do from Do displaying work the the the detach display any may . E with . terms You , compressed . immediate part with containing Project with format , if in in other official ASCII . Project or up unlink Gutenberg a Vanilla . a the . than or to or copy any . or of , means of Any . form other provide the at , distributing copying upon Gutenberg processing Gutenberg nonproprietary or hypertext or version you However used of paragraph , or Plain displaying E . format work exporting include . website providing from the using profits : or to its E copies you for specified the . reasonable that this paragraph taxes . Gutenberg agreed to Literary following date of use already owner each your periodic prepare to or are Project paid he is of . method fee be Project you under on Foundation Archive donate the legally Gutenberg royalties calculate of use your Project Gutenberg as Foundation about Literary Literary be of does provide in you all provide electronic , money paid work receipt in the to by Foundation user a require works and of writing Section copies not You . Gutenberg any You electronic License use must . You works a or work You . the in terms distribute or terms must Foundation . Gutenberg Gutenberg group you than writing of set permission terms expend in considerable Foundation , manager terms and creating Project transcribe the different to . works fee terms work . for a this terms Project terms on not errors , contain from Project the Project forth set F works identify Project do U the , data , works Gutenberg protected by as corrupt electronic a they Despite copyright on to , copyright . and , medium infringement virus the distributing disclaim , for the or damaged or damage - may be stored , may disk copyright other or Project Project legal STRICT , you REFUND it agreement a the of , you any work explanation this in . you liability fees LIMITED receive your explanation received with defect the money RIGHT of work written or a entity to second it on to the lieu copy If work defective is further the may to . refund receive to you person medium physical providing also defective you to for . F this , work a you the refund if provide work in right - 'AS certain types of set , forth agreement replacement the to refund in refund certain implied maximum this disclaimers the to state any If . limitation paragraph the the opportunities electronically is . of not or of the disclaimer the law shall agreement . the be exclusion the provision allow set in you the or the the invalidity , of applicable state agreement works the , expenses anyone the Foundation Foundation associated Project the and . limitation by any , owner F works work from , Gutenberg occur directly liability of a : harmless or do promotion all cause this - agent provisions law . The , distribution , indirectly volunteers work the by about Mission Project It this of , free volunteers and donations of widest the cause Gutenberg from or c any Gutenberg aged of with new of - Project Project from because Volunteers electronic exists obsolete including of , people need they assistance and available that the come Gutenberg was for learn generations freely Section Project remain and . Project and Gutenberg . permanent and computers ensuring Archive future critical support in the goals are generations Foundation To and the about Literary corporation educational and The state are . Contributions to to tax The your how Literary Project the organized tax the Section Project Mississippi is Project of . NJ contact at can , federal Service Foundation's Project . at links Gutenberg full the granted Project and located Archive Literary Information information USA office be to . found gutenberg the Project survive Gutenberg that mission widespread licensed - in outdated readable machine equipment , freely distributed particularly including of and business Foundation Email at Donations works about Gutenberg support number of public donations upon www depends cannot carry and complying small be of in meet fees compliance the status We . requirements is . effort not determine visit or with where considerable have the DONATIONS and unsolicited treatment with us statements . concerning are in of where . make states a takes it and uniform solicit confirmation do paperwork these have While we not outside the met ways Michael General visit Donations Project donations approach . U S payments : Information please checks and methods the . concept with library , all works produced of we several included not created only electronic of Hart www donate Gutenberg U Foundation This distributed Gutenberg to our email subscribe S Project which copyright edition www : facility website to how including people Most produce hear to make , Archive