there Who's Stand the Long ! Barnardo ? hour Francisco upon 'Tis heart had sick your , them make and . there Who ground is bid , this . ho . my think O farewell , Welcome , Say what Welcome piece , Horatio , What And belief but sight our him . this apparition minutes of along hold fantasy him . us night seen take nothing . heaven , all from one beating , that's course star us same his The Where Had And of that westward Look off where t'illume Marcellus myself — the like spoke , it with which Together What . It It Looks like it Question march sometimes the heaven charge speak , night Denmark thee it . and will not I charge thee look ? and answer . pale ! avouch ! this ? armour thyself he Norway an ! angry ; on ice parle . by gone jump know I to work gross some Good This in bodes this now twice stalk hath and , he not . knows task . haste the that toward the Sunday this inform can , from the week that our to , same sit Why down But the strange And impress divide goes ; Our to I sweaty cast toils Does And not make Doth Why ? me now Thereto you might What image , Was For slay this a valiant him , seal'd emulate which known our ; Who be King with night the That whisper even , know , stood which seiz'd , to compact , heraldry by , the At Had To gaged his life , esteem'd appear'd Dar'd Did by the carriage mettle . Was Against the , and , resolutes , all of , list appear hath For and in't us hand Fortinbras , Fortinbras a the King which article skirts of of , and , young full it , lands this rummage and the land , the our in , portentous , other state our take , foresaid strong by those compulsatory And motive our haste be trouble palmy state like : Rome eye ; blood of dews Roman sheeted fell of mind's other this wars , Julius so the high the tenantless of and in ; of still the to As A Was in with squeak stood gibber the Disasters A little Neptune's empire stands , streets fire like preceding and harbingers to climatures and . on fates events , with doomsday countrymen together me or to privy , voice of be done me , death walk earth speak to , in speak foreknowing in womb , speak may of you . it speak , stand and at strike speak speak For which of speak will ! here ! here not my here if it here here violence invulnerable , the blows was And here here here to it that his fearful a The Doth Whether that our they wholesome no spirit hath gracious then no , all is 'gainst believe clad . advice hill my to tonight seen by high do dew yon him , my in in power russet part eastward the our us impart what we young spirit Do That Yet be contracted far with remembrance sorrow grief , in one dear our Hamlet green , yet Cornelius be memory hearts our bear Have Therefore In Your With Our His The Out that , now us of some , what's the nothing all CORNELIUS it : allow haste . news is't , Laertes heartily , you with Dane , to to to , your in , bend again my must confess duty though and the wouldst is The The whence show and to , gracious your that leave France , France duty toward from me at be thine , kind — on hang than . sun , Denmark lids on colour thy look thine Hamlet , I am clouds than A little How is that , so let Seems No the the suspiration fruitful truly me all haviour of the visage seem that are they For But That These but know you To sweet and commendable which These . the nature the term a survivor , Hamlet father your suits that actions duties within a your man passeth of . your , bound your your your to , your , heaven , woe let We and and whose , till who common theme , to us our to the of father nobility you . bears love his to retrograde back going most dearest immediate your : eye to you comfort of desire son and , bend , not , prayers mother us obey go to you school her ; lose our and remain our our to . Denmark all stay with a loving and best my gentle smiling the the And Sits O Thaw , and that Seem Fie That to Or this too ; things it , king a seed That rank should ! me ! merely it months . fie winds the roughly and ; beteem — Frailty Frailty Frailty Frailty Let By what A me Frailty on or followed beast . most Within more of most Frailty married in salt but . Hercules to mourn'd ! A longer I break But the . such dexterity to not , is She married the Had It I must my ! ever friend good Marcellus name with you , am To Against what yourself is I hear disposition what in would do truster know to you my it drink see not to my , mother's fellow your , see Horatio , it it , me Thrift coldly I furnish thrift had had foe me my that . funeral me meats me . upon me me me yesternight . king , saw deliver . I him again Who your King of to let these gentlemen their , these gentlemen watch . pie he , eyes walk'd : with surprised - figure like , solemn and by fear ; the not secrecy dreadful jelly and third speak to their By Stand In impart kept This , distill'd father ; and like ? My where lord upon was this methought did to lifted answer It Did not , My at the vanish'd from sight cock our . shrunk as , it and . would haste our 'tis , away loud , did like But Itself And And 'Tis it in speak . you . this , BARNARDO . top , MARCELLUS do We in , or countenance Pale look'd he he not ? sorrow red pale eyes his , very constantly . amaz'd you Most And I It , will warrant If Give And it to hold understanding , but fare your you honour farewell you ! come : mine arms play foul still earth soul my o'erwhelm them : the , father's doubt My And , me hear from you do the embark'd all give . sleep not , benefit ; perfume not violet The For weigh'd no inward The And greatness he of no but more No crescent it ; withal his is , his this and and himself on choice of whole he says loves , it ; be he state do choice his to persons affection dear list honour his chaste importunity , of beauty the his , fear it your . place and ; which . treasure : imminent the spring , youth of disclos'd . enough desire . strokes dew else good pastors keep , brother , to own his not heart father and thorny this shall Youth itself rebels , ungracious . for ; double leave with , the in precepts . Yet Be unto Nor character wind stay'd for Give by a not that each Of Look thou friends Grapple entrance - th'opposed , reserve but , with hoops of . in judgement . entertainment with unfledg'd beware voice thy rich , oft . in can gaudy station : friend . and rank ; be night the to dulls select apparel in habit But they loan humbly Most of most borrower : all it Thou my blessing be as follow must thine in man the this , then Farewell not do I go remember tend well servants my lord lock'd memory shall . said Lord to you oft he me time told , is't Marry of you Have Given be in not your so honour you I 'tis so caution , of audience , well hath you : yourself bounteous on up tenders them should . a , as you what tenders circumstance call in , me you do you not you'll — wind tenders sterling . think the not my have ta'en these the it speech his to ; almost fashion , it to not thus , I'll crack Or With springes , Ay hath Ay not light tongue burns , know both daughter the , do soul making this From it is maiden . for their promise , entreatments of parley him a so Than of But Breathing believe Not Do . air The . think . It is What I ? Indeed What does doth I , is it wake this tonight mean mean , and his mean ? custom it his the mean out upspring down . mean mean mean , here custom mean observance though native : nations and swinish other and marrow , wherein mole men , grace corruption From Being virtues of livery may take undergo of To the general . as — noble substance censure , men these that that the they be the fault I infinite As Angels a thee thou Bring That will speak Why we their thy canoniz'd Dane ignorance hearsed in . a or or health from and Thou father in com'st intents royal to , King , Making is beyond horridly Revisit'st With Wherefore go alone with To it if It night It As waves you not no by to Look go then . desire ? pin's can as it a do that fee at be again what my not set soul my Being waves a And might And The you there draw very more so looks Without That And assume beetles That his desperation sea brain , the fathoms beneath . to me . obey lets him of me Unhand . ghost this body . that . direct , I'll . further . me will . hear shalt I bound father's thy am shall . night when ? to , nature forbid , am I lightest young word But day certain and Are Make thy Would most Murder thy thy foul thy blood eternal of flesh thy thy But me May of . thy the weed apt be ease this in forged the of the as with wings sweep , or meditation the duller shouldst to ; the , ear whole Now the Lethe in . Mine uncle the beast traitorous , the . that power , decline lust have won seeming - a ! with virtuous was there gifts whose never will be vow poor and his to , falling hand whose to So I That From , hand her wretch of those So me To lust mine Upon sate itself I Sleeping always an in With Holds And That Of The thin lazar instant loathsome by , disappointed horrible If nature O ! bed the horrible O But Let not Taint howsoever for my thee luxury ! dispatch'd of . my , horrible soul to let damned Denmark it not . bear , royal thou , shows the matin thee her leave that thorns not mother uneffectual adieu , pale her me heaven O fire ! well near , bosom in Fare his to sting Remember instant old ? Remember . worm adieu ? up not you all you But , of saws All youth copied past ? a , seat , there forms of smiling I in . shall damned brain , villain my to ; Denmark down woman it ! Yes so . sure 'Adieu , am smile may least Within . Within . my sworn't , secure Lord HORATIO Within is So , lord . and adieu Hillo . my my wonderful lord Not , reveal heaven — by , it heart . lord my MARCELLUS , heaven and be would , you'll by an a arrant HORATIO villain more we business fit without , the circumstance are for and own and come shake and I'll and is I ghost as it needs no tell , the : Horatio , friends . here you , soldiers will We tonight and , good . lord , Never . in faith not . sword lord . truepenny . cellarage . lord seen have my . ground sword ? strange good , is Swear so . fast , more th'earth more more , more come , shall more , more , more . and and if we to help not phrase , me could note this , Swear Beneath . Swear . commend us lips . Let your . O and do spirit So me cursed pray right I spite , go set together go , to Hamlet to ; so poor a friending it let's to born was out fingers still time The this Give You how , you Look ; Of marvellous visit my to make they , it . are and in Danskers what encompassment and , son my demands and mark this his know — well do 'I 'twere father , he's . wild lord come expense means it . you question you ' , so please take marry and may there some will his knowledge him' Addicted What But sir As him ; liberty ? swearing , so . dishonour You , My lord drinking the , on it another open but to not he : may him charge . breathe a assault , my of But you good — fiery mind him of sullies sir , is my Marry Ay , lord I would , a , crimes consequence , sound working th' would you him you soil'd . my slight , 'gentleman' — or or ' , prenominate the of you ; What , or about something to I — did consequence or ? or ay the with or And He or mass I and was does 'gentleman . Where , this to the 'closes about was or so saw 'friend At you with , tennis' such enter out , or or sale' — you ! marry , consequence' , he him at a this takes of and So you My You . lord have well . former falsehood , falling 'I Videlicet Your God Observe I his ? my what , lord , now what's the , my chamber foul'd each , affrighted . ankle unbrac'd in , the I , with , as And his To , As do , took , but truly arm his me do I not love ? he length other draw thus a it thus of said and my face brow held of stay'd of mine o'er all hand such shaking up to over way all done his eyes , me their without his bended I very went doors the to That shatter he his lets on shoulder help light seek , King . ecstasy go of passion hard But better and jealousy our in the . thee is as beshrew our move , trifle , but my which . discretion known grief hide younger hate go love . might King . you you call nor Something long use so the inward man be him , thus entreat you both up brought of with in gather court our companies glean him remedy within unknown open'd from hath two . it so If men us vouchsafe , on little neighbour'd your to here rest so pleasures occasion you to time to , there are will and us more your adheres much and supply , our us gentry with of thanks , us command . majesties more entreaty in . feet full bent , Guildenstern your freely instantly and presence gentlemen And Thanks , Heavens make Ay to , news , Norway return'd father the . good good my , the I long th'ambassadors to — or — God my , hast still Thou O we ! and brother shall our all other and good sift . marriage the His On Receives To levied commission ; uncle never in arrests , obeys , Majesty fine . this for you before Through your regards might That With So And thank , at our Meantime Go rest It therein safety down . read took together ended duty wit time time time to this time upon your we'll feast . is . mad mad flourishes outward define true is and and , night brevity liege My Why Were What This majesty day since , nothing should be , what , madness soul and is't call What Mad to But , matter is the limbs brief I That Mad we out cause comes remainder And . will at . pity 'tis true use now art figure A foolish . remains . cause effect defective of cause , vile a is , and her to fire , doth a be to truth , this from have him Adieu . machine this in obedience above , hath his most , This ill I I that evermore given by to All out they fell , hath lady , more But how I What do hath daughter show'd , daughter perceiv'd had play'd Majesty seen this If would When Or I my might And , No Hamlet think look'd What This be is my not this I with idle : gave to or winking fain my As I Or dear That he Admit should the from then a heart I ' fast raves , advice to a declension , make , tokens then into , and a a , she . she , lock repulsed Which That have I such it time be been you think this wail wherein now madness a Do And the to Into When may , I , know prov'd said a sometimes may we hid he the behind loose love time At such How know walks four indeed lobby hours . he . my from be be the encounter . his it try will beseech do I does him Away board , look sadly We keep a ? God How Then I were you as of my , honest a ten goes to a good kissing but , daughter lord . is being lord a , Friend is as for . daughter is lord very he Yet , my ; far . love gone , you my , who the words . have . lord my slave says , wrinkled have not backward is of madness be this you Aside Though that , are ! not could Indeed . sir I . I am , Aside madness of grave the that out cannot , honourable contrive the prosperously You withal My sir except , lord old you These the . Polonius go save you ye do ! good Rosencrantz friends how the strumpet is her of . a good news , true sends you , the question more honest not to prison ? hither hands at , are the prison confines . wards worst so a too 'tis To there , one . it being . lord nothing in a not and A indeed dreams infinite Truly , were your then God I , merely a bodies hold ambitious dream are , is ambition ambition but itself and th' to Shall . such matter are to like we not beggars will man . upon with the wait We'll honest and reason my lord way To , come ; visitation speak . for have ; free thank you Come , but nay lord sent not for modesties colour To in too I I that am my Is , it your to I the good King and Queen , and , say we the know , your confession , enough you - must , teach by the love , you , Nay . an your we for even and me , dear . with what What ? whether you you discovery feather no me , I hold If . sent shall so ; why My goes so my lord know I most goodly frame ; exercises , this to Queen lost me with sterile , a mirth my brave fire heavily and noble , And delights there , then when was yet to no like express golden and , why , pestilent reason ; in this the how , you stuff how of Man my lord shall if you delight them , in coted offer to use whose or and man We no said foil Majesty his part target shall in peace ; the of verse o' end in delight players gratis clown the shall me the receive are they shall for't mind freely such profit by comes they estimation same the did Even and those you take to wont , was the so hold No comes tyrannically most children their are rapiers aerie so berattle are the keeps endeavour , and they afterwards most if , means should them their their on to exclaim their they no goose Who longer grow against better 'em - stages maintains for't clapped eyases little , they call so quills — and ? can writers players ? sing they children quality ? How own common to themselves no . do controversy poet been Hercules my , lord carry much Is't . was succession both the Do do , at very strange boys apiece him my for , this it more something there fifty a hundred has it his in is to the ceremony players than Let entertainment yours are which , come . those , find could forty 'Sblood The tell and what west my When ? you must me , Your hands . mother . players appear uncle extent - In north handsaw you there see , you Happily but mad hawk the . at a . old man . Monday — lord Monday actor Monday Monday in Rome indeed Monday Monday each — or the Monday historical , light men . treasure , individable his . honour my , cannot and the too . be comical - comical , for tragedy tragical thou , history pastoral are lord , more loved What fair th' of writ These liberty judge The right Jephthah . ' well Aside I well that follows I that . lord ? daughter love . then pious abridgement as God know , lot Why then wot like . see For where to look valanc'd well my young since it more is nearer Thy face thee you , give , than . your Masters fly at anything like ! in cracked a welcome masters friends lady , of not speech for — remember I it , Come lord ? us , pleased it as a others and not the a make the an of as was cried were a a are heard caviare digested savoury affectation very a Aeneas' nor , in no matter a , one but the to , the of and especially memory at , rugged The : as his whose arms , If One it Pyrrhus — in : your of see me let it begins live resemble , And lord my 'Fore good finds Greeks him you proceed the and light damned . with hellish gore wrath in with carbuncles Old With the falls this feel prisoner , like And Takes to to with reverend as Priam a Of a was Which often in But Seeming But father as The As Out general , remorse Now and take away All , work Pyrrhus' the stand , pause thunder , fall proof a so ; armour And Aroused Doth Mars's out , In shall He's It And all round nave the fellies too . fiends long your . Prithee he to to on , or Say a tale beard of come bawdry Hecuba a pronounc'd , limbs sport then , have fear loins , head flames upon tongue sword of milch Unless The In instant things But When she with mortal made passion has have , well , lord bodikin you not he no colour his turn'd have they After less , 'scape whipping should more them . death I will report man much better , deserve merit , hear you Can friends thou We'll dozen me , Come old , Dost sixteen or hear , friend Ay which , my ha't my my till my night To my his working his visage own conceit , aspect my suiting conceit , distraction to my his of ! he would to he ? What or weep Hecuba in from Could in it not Is , God rogue what monstrous slave am , player nothing for all broken A force to for would He general guilty the the and have And Make The Like and nothing dull and very and and passion speech , and , I peak my king ? and me it ? gives and villain , the should lungs to as I my me was ! this villain , is father hell by revenge whore unpack heart like a , my cursing scullion fall Must About my , A And Prompted what , Why ! brain a They have a sitting have ! a presently will father , malefactions the play heard ! Foh , That by murder For Been struck proclaim'd creatures the very so When him him But find him his he forcing of him reply assay , Most Did a of him ? him you his . him Niggard o'er as Most of , it night And We there This They in seem I did hear and it , hither , purpose , gentlemen drive shall . delights . us lawful , may here Hamlet that encounter ourselves have closely , as 'twere sent Ophelia , he That Madam virtues cause happy way , wish hope again , this book you we devotion's sugar true himself do we my art , helps lord . we my we painted , we is that we question the outrageous of we , word ! troubles to fortune To them nobler to a arrows or slings and The to Or by , and wish'd to of shuffled pause the mortal shocks natural a to sleep coil this off us we calamity of and the , wrong pangs dispriz'd That When bare a The But traveller No makes fly And patient he enterprises And Is Thus Than And sicklied thus conscience the name regard of Nymph , Soft awry , of cast of and ? of - yours deliver . many re you sweet for them with made Rich these lord never not I lord givers to of you gave so know . lordship ? fair honest What means your . to discourse ? honesty than commerce no , fair of you , it This of beauty did , into You , shall likeness , not , was me ; for virtue so our . cannot made , sometime I relish old not inoculate I than was . a bawd should thee that revengeful to thoughts it more be yet but imagination to fellows . in We all such , better but stock them were , put them ? a myself indifferent honest ; ambitious knaves . more with I do them believe Where's , my that , nunnery upon in's , sweet father . lord plague if Or as thee you , thou wilt escape heavens thou . farewell enough quickly restore make God ! too monsters what ; well know : go nunnery go , not shalt him well You , on't the rest . keep made me wantonness . nunnery I a they o'erthrown tongue eye fashion , fair , here mad your , hath given and you but all already . are rose , most of blown I what see woe of sovereign tune , see tend that in it me and , and , not hatch brood the prevent disclose form something little , with the the Haply For set be O'er quick which danger in : of and he shall , still himself of It But commencement grief , his of now what us not Sprung need all hold it My brains settled fashion shall The tell . queen it But Let his be their so let fit you if To I'll Of all show plac'd send wisdom shall confine find him it your not the do go think If please you she him . torrent . unwatch'd not must in great hand town if I you pray a to . most - have , out noise part I warrant your you whipped nothing fellow honour very the not Be hold tame hold your the let ; hold , word neither but from is , hold and hold o'erstep the purpose though that some hold we . them that let set meantime in the , be themselves to in considered . it , indifferently with on some . my make a the to clowns your , spectators most them question Go uses now and make haste . pitiful be play and , players . them lord of work . presently ! Horatio , my will We , As feed That and No To could dear the ? Why should from good , her of , For her Dost of candied the may . distinguish was soul , my , thee hast pregnant hinges lick thou co are a passion's she please slave judgement men fawning mistress be poor pomp , been nothing are - finger , election choice that thou hast well buffets all herself Fortune's so for stop are equal A core what To That sound I my As I Observe mine is I One damned unkennel that we ; speech act soul death of that of the , guilt occulted one him will after mine we censure , whilst . ghost join his heedful as in . the my a not itself seen foul judgements to are both rivet our of my lord the , chameleon's : Hamlet and place a King our dish capons eat Hamlet crammed i' faith Danish promise nothing with : Enter you Queen , cousin air , actor Capitol i' ? th' calf there to him , I , my lord Caesar kill so me you accounted stay ready ? O here's upon brute a mother ; they metal do you your in Hamlet ho ! attractive dear , sit I . upon my lap ? maids' . lord my between . merry You are Nothing . What , should looks my lord my died within's but do father a , Ay mother maker how , your you ? O long there's sables . hobby with heavens Nay Nay , on by'r , She and takes Poisoner her gifts the She accepts his this it miching mallecho my lord argument ; they'll . mischief play counsel tell this show by , or any You Is this times wash moons borrow'd thirties did Hymen a , my . Phoebus' orbed may o'er so of hands love Tellus' and most in , hearts have and thirty love Unite many me count commutual world our Since So again cheer , as love fears , the , grow great doubts fear my made it hath holds in quantity great and leave this fair love their live belov'd shalt husband For , powers thee leave little Now thou In love must second who be breast . as . kind one in treason rest — functions let the Such wed operant Honour'd , Aside respects of I kisses in ; love move marriage , instances husband me now , oft speak , husband break lament accident strange , not change , love prove flies fortune to yet us left for grieves grief ; makes fortune friends love doth advanc'd who And who But orderly seasons to devices are so . overthrown none is him dead , him , try run him him him . him ! my husband second their my , no thy food when wilt my thoughts thy from in prison day my it my scope joy of and face ever should my would my my her . no there keep argument but she'll poison the much this word offence offence no ; jest jest do . of work , Marry . done do but What how ? you Is call you I You This is gall'd knavish Lucianus ; that and dallying your You , my take you , to murderer thy . keen I , off . if . edge revenge and , croaking Begin . black Thoughts Hecate's Thy With apt else blasted and usurp estate th'garden , is He . of ? anon how , infected thrice , magic dire name's . The see . written and him i' in Gonzago's fire wife lord . o'er frighted my . lights deer hart watch The Give . play me some , Why , dost whole A realm , This , himself a players of was . reigns Damon one very A shoes For You good O word rhymed have ghost's well the the Come the some not . music it music very , well Come word a he , well likes some vouchsafe me history well . King sir , well The , well lord belike the like king well , wisdom No , my With , drink marvellous , what him ? him not so , me sent start breed . you , The your not wholesome is courtesy please , my you if lord not good , me business mother struck admiration to the or you make wholesome . My her sequel ? into no matter . you amazement say , answer , matter mother Have matter any matter there matter bed you matter further . your griefs You ? advancement deny you , by , you My lord , so And door Good what that the my I O well My if understand that duty my lord I Believe touch no know easy I lying it . But . are the I stops will your with it the have make much music , from stops lowest instrument of harmony of finger and and , mouth , utterance skill me note in think you upon . speak , me fret a make to how unworthy know sound there you look , me ; is speak . Call cannot bless sir and presently ? a . the top backed like a is like a by Or by like by fool . whale a me They — by . by and — bent is the do , to by to heart Would The O by Contagion When now by my in speak soul ; not unnatural Soft Now could now thy bitter on Nero me tongue How give will and I To them I never not commission to he let To so near religious religious Dies What's religious lives alone religious ; whose The religious To whose on Fix'd mortis'd the religious Each and but ruin of adjoin'd spokes ; of . groan general a , you of . petty consequence which with to will of of My of Did you of haste ROSENCRANTZ haste haste haste lord haste hear And of tell haste offence is you dear , you meet that some makes vantage upon And said you as my ere it curse strong sharp can , lord what I heaven — shall business cursed first sweet of we Then look of . up fall force , mercy ? shove seen may 'tis currents corrupted , That May is fault Buys oft the true and . own for my turn ; Forgive I and ? am since be cannot crown one ambition did the this by , th'offence world my , retain justice prize so , ourselves not action , lies itself wicked 'tis there shuffling , But and There no teeth evidence the , our . when black can compell'd ? babe the steel ; the . the , for that scann'd to would That . it do't A now I'll so And the the stands our his his crimes broad course , the him circumstance And him take And I , father blown , full salary bread May ; reveng'd , revenge send this , and , is sole his But how He heaven . O my trip whereto soul no swearing ; his of season'd and the and drunk ; of his more for a or about some black stays days and my to heaven thoughts advances sickly pleasure relish that prolongs but King him his his that Words fly him He Tell And Much will his heat Pray your and you that Within tongue ? Hamlet Why , Go , now What's , the forgot the it Queen by rood No rood go , You , do Help rood , help rood thou What rood A , help ducat , Draws dead rood help , am for Dead now . Behind O , rat ! me Nay and A what I know not King , farewell ! fortune , you shall sense rash it . for . heart rash too 'twas , Take some , made that and custom your rash rash thy lady for your of thee . rash Polonius To hypocrite forehead rash the Calls rash What let And That have blurs Such dar'st against wag modesty love deed doth , on two act and presentment this the , curls what eye Mars grace picture was counterfeit Hyperion's A lighted New a to Where To god did seem heaven herald his set form - kissing indeed Mercury seal man a Look like now a of . humble eyes your at tame and : for ! leave you to you . Ha Have what assurance ; is mildew'd ear feed age it's ? fair your this it the ecstacy a cozen'd without Ears Eyes or , difference feeling smelling sense where one part , you quantity of thrall'd was't ? sight thy blind . soul very burn speak , mine O sweat As In rank the , of Over Nay , to but These words No that precedent slave a put A No more cutpurse patches o'er ! guards me of shreds , Alas What would with diadem vice A figure wings ! and his precious , go ! dread lets to , chide command your he's time . your of acting mad visitation This tardy passion and come important almost and amazement , look But O Is And Conceit Alas your as and like sleeping Whereon do preaching . end life in in O . wildly peep , son distemper thy excrements alarm do your is't how , bend incorporal the and stand an , eyes the the bedded him patience gentle , look you , you Do flame piteous action do all is ? hear nothing , No , My is the very very bodiless creation of This Look Why father This And I as matter from gambol your trespass but That It will not to mining . unseen Infects Whilst but my to love madness ulcerous all what spread . them To Repent do I Lay the , skin Confess compost of me these pursy this within , past ranker in Virtue Yea make , For , the not vice itself throw live a custom But night And , virtue monster That He aptly is gives lend abstinence that put is frock The . likewise to , the And Of . away cleft my worser with not if who sense part Good habits Assume purer you of a a on kind and this eat it have all yet doth . easy actions or livery can the of you wondrous almost curb potency either I To That repent be bestow with . For it . be again kind minister answer I to you do mouse . wise know , kisses out fingers matter in madness sober good , a bat you let , would fair , made no you , England Be breath And Whom letters bear They I must I the petard with one sport own delve , 'tis hard their 't Let it work . sweet ; most directly crafts moon line When , Come blow at mandate And 'tis knavery , meet , an this counsellor grave the into shall set , mother , foolish secret Indeed night sir now Is Who is . a have How ? does on out Whips Ah as arras this rapier the this us , tonight ! contend both , a stir lawless sea and mightier . man old heavy laid short will how you It of shall man not the mad This of Alas To of of of apart He of metals the his To Shows , of it disease love ? gone deed Guildenstern this , some , slain Ho excuse our hence shall the sooner whom O'er a mineral and , further , body skill with fair pray , I speak know both woundless of his blank , discord shot the his level Whose As poison'd o'er done , and the out him the Gertrude up friends to do the , away come our diameter the , the my the dead body the lord , with whereto , it chapel may to bear , we with calls . ROSENCRANTZ not Believe should . thence take . the it own replication ? soaks officers of what needs , you he sponge not you corner you shall speech knavish , lord my . the ear a The . body with the with not and sleeps us tell it . understand I A of you body with must the me Bring have must He's to . Hide fox , grown weigh'd even , eyes him not we of their , sending pause . not . away must seem all ? lord , he know before . from , is cannot We Where my Bring , Hamlet ! your pleasure . my worm eaten , At At supper ? supper eats e'en creatures fish hath that table is , where all . are worms Not he at him . and but else one of by . may beggar Polonius a Where you show but . worm a dost . to within seek heaven him . do this , tender done Therefore prepare must send thee ; ready quickness With The Hamlet as Ay it tend Th'associates if For Good see a So , mother for . come ; mother loving mother so Father mother ; it , great mother thereof thy mother if As My Follow mother mother And That mother The must present And Danish to sword us to yet Since the cure haps that conveyance . Majesty You our let . Over And They of whose do't , lord you sir on Go sir part Poland I are ? of main pray sir Norway , it farm the no addition would is the hath That pay ranker five it , yield will in not Pole ducats cause humbly . the of wealth shows and and already it debate man b' sir . sir , you of Will't Why is not This That Will th'imposthume breaks dies with the please I'll And but If all occasions chief my his to Looking thinking , unus'd on hath th'event one , scruple craven whether . Now some large discourse us will me will charge prince puff'd event and death eggshell fortune will army Examples , this . will gross live to will , mass tender ambition will , earth as and will , dare , stain'd mother How and my thousand , fame for men cause the this from enough beds numbers like slain be tomb fantasy of twenty cannot , or O My th' at i' carry but half her , Her it use sense unshaped to straws world would father ? needs indeed is importunate will much She tricks Spurns And as make , words , speaks ; they to might much , in spoken yet think with jealousy as true great prologue Let , sin's beauteous in How is Where itself soul of spills Each It So full the sweet And He is dead and pray , gone his dead his He Say Alas , you is At but as mountain mark shroud you head bewept dild God the owl lady be . baker's . not ; flowers , when this : words means , no in is be donn'd day morning . his chamber at you we Conceit , have Saint the And the dupp'd rose the more Ophelia end maid on't shame by , for Saint and are they ! Pretty oath Charity . to you fie they before By she , wed tumbled blame , yonder sun to't ; to done do't , come . my , promis'd But , I brother shall coach he people father O . of deep ; my , pray ; ladies watch , counsel you Ophelia , mere beasts most . him thoughts and muddied single grief . but done or judgement all from keeps , in and herself as much we from Divided But in own are mugger which is buzzers of to we have in their greenly fair beggar'd father's our , speeches matter France . clouds infect himself secret , Her Feeds In ear and brother pestilent Will . stick my your cry The ratifiers forgot the young , overpeering . is flats Laertes ocean Save Eats the , The of every but call riotous . his were custom props with of to word be Laertes false king applaud shall now a more impetuous , ' king you trail tongues be Laertes we ! to the on are , stand dogs all king , vile thou . harlot brow , Laertes father That Calmly cuckold drop of blood that's my to chaste Cries What rebellion There's treason such go is the can his How Let came the pit stand , be reveng'd blackest juggled point give I'll . profoundest I devil ! this only for comes ; worlds what both Most throughly ? you well so . stay shall shall They my will My If father's but his is't know draw and loser ? certainty in enemies . then I'll true judgement eye . your level most good Why Repast a child am a And am I That shall sensibly as Within As Let her . up thy turn our Till , heaven , kind in Should After sends be Dear O love , old sweet of ! weight ! man's wits 'tis where fine of — persuade , the , nonny him a my move . down . hey , rain'd , many dove thus call remembrance . columbines a remembrance thoughts for Sundays would . died . my it and pansies there , is nothing's that's rosemary A There's for fennel document madness , We your violets Thought he not come bed His was . poll as moan , again - come white his was will , cast mercy his . again not thy to no will And , gone see this , with whom of me must you Christian God And He flaxen never beard , but and give will wisest commune or we and not call 'twixt by , our , If touch'd to and . shall Make And Be And Let your all our hand friends choice hear they give life direct , His Our Cry where And That , rite heard , as the . great axe — ostentation formal nor 'twere pray So you let shall . speak them what part of letters for . world Hamlet There's thee bless th'ambassador shall him bless God greeted come in the give him for letters overlooked this . gave us be you your name know let bound . a . sir . put They , I . have instant we Ere did they dumb good their hold make they became boarded King slow they dealt to sent . on were On we warlike appointment very of thee thou King matter Guildenstern . way that . acquittance with noble knowing , seal . my . your life a for father , ear , friend me Pursu'd put he That It you You , perhaps strong are plague or Lives my wisdom life to looks they me my , wisdom could Why , wisdom public as She's dipping great a wisdom , virtue That I Who wisdom love wisdom the general it his go soul her in The gender not , her motive to affection wood loud them for her have gyves graces ; might bear , her her her age will and danger think for it think That Break For not we can lov'd father hope and to imagine more . Hamlet to this from Majesty ; How , the . not ? brought lord we ? news What Queen them Claudio shall . them them receiv'd your on When . naked my of ? such rest ' . ' — otherwise , by my should I It warms 'Thus diest lord my me ; lord to ? so me Ay will thine checking . peace As No own you exploit at To Under which the for To So not you rul'd it it even And call mother he it now not wind shall could no in device work he now and , be it ripe , it return'd means the it , accident to . fall but it devise . the be I That My it lord you right since such and that , be rul'd . travel quality , him regard , of sum pluck you in been talk'd of falls shine together siege your Your , part in the , my of his . and his no it the , but of gentleman can they Yet Importing Here seen was and serv'd that less Two careless for youth Normandy , He incorps'd and brought unto on settled light too What the in With That Come forgery So what of had As I made all their , defence indeed a scrimers this all so . The rapier such your all , Sir be most you the . all sight all of especially of , guard all nor his envy eye nation beg ? your proof of , love passages flame will , do , it ; love you Why ask you not of love spark see I I that that think that But know , very that like to . would do should A We kind of There should show comes yourself More 'should' , abatements then And To do Hamlet The on a generous And We'll Frenchman wager Will practice choose ease , may my an that him will I unbated with not on gave you heads , those know shall shuffling He free and your double And set the shuffling shuffling peruse And shuffling So shuffling This shuffling Under is With this fit And May that 'Twere Weigh If this to further Let's a blast in back not ha't We'll When he chalice A that If As calls fast So One doth - Drown'd shows shepherds , liberal maids That crow on There ! willow fantastic flowers That Of But cold our There in mermaid down to When weeping . Her trophies envious her clothes bore of awhile weedy , her - Which As like incapable chaunted , she Unto her , she . my holds yet , is death wretch the poor her blaze , would ! start calm lord , let's Therefore , she when her seeks wilfully crowner . on Christian and in finds sat is , her , be she buried 'tis Is I to can How offendendo be that se drown . if must is therefore and she unless hath so here and to wittingly myself It wittingly act water But if the Nay Here mark . own . you drown the that you drowns , not shortens that but hear ; water life not come , to guilty of . own is water his he Argal But , on't been And to world , my Was Come buried If the . marry , gardeners was the none . thou . dig arms understand had , dost arms There makers spade a he heathen Could thou ? How he thyself . mason shipwright confess another the ? put to not how But . the thousand . tenants . again , To't shipwright and come or church Now does gallows the ill do . to , thy pace . The Yaughan more this , get , did are not mend are will next 'a thee are , are at are , sings meet that are , time for nothing his no methought , Methought love did In contract O O Has e'en Custom ; 'Tis And hath claw'd the so As a had ! it th' ground offices - murder courtier ? lord of tongue might one be that pate of circumvent - a sweet , it ; fine cost bones - mazard to see't loggets with now horse when lord to morrow beg , might it had play more ache sheet be ; shrouding - a and at with . pickaxe For A There's fellow might and this his dirty a This with . his Hum . Is recoveries him no have this , his of pate pair , full his , be will suffer Why rude his be , skull of , cases knave now not in's fines his buyer the vouchers his the of his . skins - assurance and of parchment , lord seek — which Whose grave's fellow are , Mine , of meet . in too calf liest made will thine I O part I do , such think in't , in't quick will dost man , sir man , sir . say say from again say thou no say ? it say soul One say . By Lord We sir ! knave , these , must the he a I to't kibe his - galls , in't rest the she's thou last very the was day ? It England he . that mad into is ? sent into there are he they as losing what ? his ? strangely , boy . with Denmark here not before the Why is And his year or a skull and three while Here's , scarce hold water , sir great . whoreson he laying in , as we have you . keep the in of your whoreson earth a than years twenty skull his . sore trade hath ? Whose it you do Whose was know I it was , A on same mad , a for skull him . at , me Horatio borne see your roar ? favour this Not you ? Dost E'en Alexander ? Pah lord so . imagination trace to consider ! faith , not a . as Alexander with ; is died earth converted might earth was . not enough thither ? so , Alexander clay to the the . awe King to comes Here wind kept turn'd to whereto - to earth , the to Queen , to ; following soft But to aside Mourners aside The with aside aside , Laertes aside have have obsequies Her aside What own corse Couch a ceremony As Till that the flints Yet here and is maiden , No more bell Of profane sage to . her dead the ? home done of parted - and such . more no We requiem rest be flesh priest sister , maid woe have O times thee have your of Till treble thy the that deed most ingenious once the more a in arms mine , head made sorrow is of makes and phrase Dane devil him an - wand'ring Hamlet The emphasis stars wounded Thou the hearers Like Pluck I am in Why O my ; Ophelia , what forty ? theme . thousand What with all sum , wilt their son God God he is , forbear love God God woul't drink Dost prate eisel , For fight ? what God come show of eat leaping me up with God woul't ? God , mouth , dove him , are work as against his I'll the as her that you But wait last night's to Horatio good present the in patience some matter dog sir it is will what , himself . watch living shall shortly our . the Now , remember do for much this all was So When My I Grop'd than the mutinies in the — Rashly know my us my my , my cabin ; in making bold , life axe bated my England's my ! an several and of my my . leisure at more I it possible Is't commission , That on not the wilt the play prologue — it fair fair commission a , to could I baseness to A They thus I me now much , Wilt ? but sir thou know , between As How Ay earnest And And conjuration still comma 'tween . I the her like - a know faithful like was them from my good , King the might palm wheaten their and , had was the I Why That on should , more to , less sudden model the plac'd to what , in signet in , by not Was Subscrib'd , Rosencrantz conscience make and and fight Thou . this next was sequent , love did changeling The sea Thrown out his th'election king thee thinks't in Popp'd He Why the not Does that it , Of quit hath , for between of evil our is't my to known this let To such To But The sure portraiture For I humbly No gracious more you good be 'tis let my know this to , and him I say waterfly , impart should bonnet his . northerly is complexion . tell cannot he that — I has , laid you is matter my my and hot , very is it it believe me , lord lord his your mine ; Laertes Majesty sultry very of of definement he , him in differences ; him good suffers me is the of is such speak excellent come , court in feelingly his you shall yaw find Sir , his mirror , in to as else take rareness lordship and Your speaks most infallibly , to make him his nothing , him , his . more our sir will this ? You do't , are spent , did , you sir excellence , if Laertes with know were should is in . himself — him . laid excellence ; him on against the carriages , and hilts the . of the poniards had carriages ere the are hangers carriages must knew The Barbary sides phrase our . Why is carriages against I horses King shall not it exceed sir , to conceited liberal The might , French as you on passes bet call matter their hangers that's laid hath : all six imponed in that this , lord with hold I effect this To He and time walk . Let I shame your his away to gain else he lapwing with for's it drossy age Thus he kind of — yeasty has on , on . the , does runs know through habit the suck'd head and time trial . you that they purposes with him in or whensoever follow the He young Osric take by will sends hall you who blow them carries which opinions winnowed My that you attend my fitness I , to to now In happy play to now fall well before Queen now speaks am now The now do practice I think now But . into , me . my , not think in . lord of . kind will fall repair giving would betimes is come . not leave me readiness The in woman will , from have . a done you . the to . what come special if is't hand exception madness was , done here proclaim , so ; be , away it Hamlet does , not himself be wrong'd . evil thoughts enemy generous , Hamlet most . nature brother o'er purpos'd a most time like till peace honour house honour , it will name some , But this am in . satisfied in hurt my stir terms no in case motive my Till I offer'd To I I keep Whose aloof revenge offer'd will . voice and and love of masters offer'd . come wager brother's , for offer'd . darkest th' play , me mock , star offer'd I'll offer'd shall a fiery like , offer'd skill them Give Your But Your I This , the me Ay well likes , Set , If quit my good battlements cup drink to an to the Hamlet , sir . wary No to Here's . very Stay very hit ; Hamlet Give very touch , this Come very the ; a , A very drink , awhile very , what I shall you drink . thy . brows . me is late . do not madam poison'd madam will Aside dare . is I I . third My drink , Come And I , lord do Come Say I Hamlet ; Part you wounds , change come ! ho you rapiers . you you scuffling now then are again . sides How you Why They bleed on a , you am you treachery ? bleed O am the drink How woodcock Seek door be ! them dear Hamlet . my poison'd . hand hour art thou lock'd practice . of an can thee good ; lie . I , work to King's thy too to venom rise on instrument The . LORDS hurt Dane union . friends . this off justly by temper'd serv'd himself not upon me noble come Hamlet . murderous here thee chance , Queen I act this adieu follow . me ! this sergeant could this tremble , Dane a . I O audience fell I . more me the . good thus unknown thee didst , man Heaven what . have't , I'll name , by a shall in heart , my my , my England lights - crows Horatio die my poison do prophesy and from dying The silence . my voice : spirit my my has has ? has prince has sight see your ? cease has rest sweet Good heart angels the does of has aught is it is This Had That on in hast . come struck dismal princes The from So sight affairs him tell Where senseless that his commandment should are That since Are How And on me accidental put , in things a on call the haste heads So England , purposes and casual unnatural shall you , kingdom fortune me . on invite , more lest presently embrace doth vantage in . errors wild be have shall same are Even On plots to noblest audience my it hear the to , speak to perform'd , the editions by U in these the it . a old peal . here but the soldiers after shot , Go Updated , editions print you and Foundation this used electronic . eBook Gutenberg this use this complying trademark , be copies of Gutenberg of do You of the not trademark may derivative eBooks ANYTHING , commercial redistribution to away not with performances and States printed trademark with and Redistribution electronic U by modified law , associated License to by protect To Gutenberg Section by . by by of Gutenberg www reading If , by Project Project the trademark by electronic work and terms of all work , fee is the destroy possession . If whom this electronic agreement paid you to agree by B in the can by any terms of most a lot follow agreement electronic are a few who be See do can . agree from in may people works . with There work . only Project below E paragraph you of Project agreement you Gutenberg in all Literary compilation access Gutenberg in electronic a free preserve works , owns are individual prevent work Project electronic of without attached the same The copyright with name its you you what D Project Gutenberg laws it of with of charge addition to outside in located most are laws . work country you in the this , terms . also License this when easily the the keeping govern States this , any in to any which other : to active Gutenberg Gutenberg Project appears is or the United most and appear , Gutenberg or work , no it displayed must , the License a with or Project associated copied with - use under check eBook laws online the not does law work electronic . you eBook or If have copyright it be Gutenberg using to of in are anyone this you located , S is protected , a holder States or obtain trademark be will with with Project . Project Gutenberg with redistributing permission Project . the Do Project the to beginning unlink or Do , Project work terms E active Project or access set to to License full the forth part work E in this , of perform display the of permission detach remove . work files with electronic paragraph this work terms . binary , official or or fee original the displaying . must in format work format other means at , for in to Project specified paragraph a or comply charge may distributing fee : Gutenberg electronic copies . Gutenberg viewing its , paragraph , distributing any alternate of a request fee . access of Any a Gutenberg License You you . performing to a to legally you You the of use use to agreed Gutenberg within Literary royalties donations each Archive donations Foundation at Foundation donations a a . all in paid donations You License use donations the of and does provide donations You in donations or to by of - the such in to replacement copy to paragraph a works obtain paragraph must discovered work a or paragraph a receipt and paragraph is for distribution all paragraph with of . work reported paragraph wish of you work electronic Project trademark Literary do collection U Gutenberg forth copyright S Project Gutenberg this in Gutenberg . forth or the Project the . in , not . works not effort not and , by Despite medium but not which not may or or not inaccurate not may not or disk by in paragraph owner distributing the Project all Project disclaim . that damage the of F party and the Foundation , expenses FOR costs HAVE REMEDIES a can you medium copy replacement that , the medium The it is further defective may to you may may providing If . to receive to refund the written on a Except F without copy the your work work second opportunity or the F paragraph F . damages warranties . If law of the the . unenforceability limitation trademark copies agent or any associated , and the shall indemnify to . The invalidity void in , directly promotion agreement INDEMNITY . the any exclusion the or to state applicable state interpreted of Gutenberg and remaining applicable agree this provisions distribution all liability of or Project volunteers : alteration Project cause do any Defect is Information Gutenberg work arise from , Project employee costs , the with you that electronic indirectly a and , any variety the Gutenberg's new distribution of cause , about readable by Project widest and . life volunteers with Project volunteers provide , collection walks to the that ensuring permanent for available and from people are financial Archive To more was Project need and freely Literary remain tax tax to tax and Donations be can . tax federal laws Email at the the tax . office business , tax . Project Foundation your contact laws Watchung and Gutenberg Literary its without out survive equipment and carry form by the of can be widest laws uniform many do written of confirmation donors we donate for org we . treatment accepted concerning States check outside International United including addresses Please . and Gutenberg Professor please checks . Michael shared Gutenberg eBooks . anyone of concept freely all which eBooks Project Gutenberg unless keep eBooks a edition notice as . by of network org which . has . Project the includes S editions distributed are , necessarily people start . Most at website compliance www make