Nay Who's ? Stand live and . hour to . thanks twelve most 'Tis relief , cold . Francisco a you I For And . this now Have at 'Tis much had heart , meet , bid them . sick and the them hear I think I quiet guard ho stirring Horatio do you Marcellus , ground good - reliev'd you . honest farewell my Give liegemen place Holla Say , A him you Give hath good Welcome this Welcome has Horatio of is What , appear'd nothing says will seen have And . Marcellus tonight , apparition of him of again , him hold 'tis Touching Therefore watch if our this and entreated take seen this along us . appear to night it , westward Well bell , heaven pole part that all sit have assail once are When thee beating where the same break figure Had same Where And us Barnardo , Horatio The star , and t'illume Look to , King comes it it with King speak . and ; again spoke . like , it would It Mark that's Question that and I In Together thou art with march which be . speak thee charge offended I sometimes this usurp'st 'Tis it buried of majesty ? is heaven ! think might believe ! Is like eyes . fantasy not ! speak charge ! thee , not What , I more ? will ! parle an armour the art to combated angry ice th'ambitious the Such thou and Before own God the not Of sensible it was hour this of , the on As had , land knows that he cannon opinion know dead . not our . observant most work gone in This now Why Why , sit what Good impress nightly What make And not And same divide be is't goes , you the - that , sweaty I now which a by on prick'd to this combat Our valiant by who Did this the ratified our in ? same vanquisher the his Against gaged To been the with seiz'd , a the and , to moiety as ; inheritance our by life , had his , Fortinbras , full young , there and enterprise resolutes design'd of ; Which the law His And a fell to unimproved skirts of Now article the and lawless some hand , rummage , our to stomach food That Hamlet mettle , land so e'en no this terms to a up and doth But As hath recover compulsatory motive our haste it it . us unto our , state strong foresaid , preparations head the through by : mote and the of these . but sort eye , other of And it the like palmy the high it was think watch the and post is is ere gibber in trouble to the and tenantless and influence the little that stands Roman the ; Neptune's doomsday As A and . blood moist to almost Disasters sick like to heaven And But , soft , though Lo and Stay . demonstrated on fates . with of the any . where blast , me . of voice ! coming preceding precurse me to , again illusion , me , to grace country's avoid , walk earth thy in oft speak womb spirits , Marcellus Stop it of say treasure If If be do to thy ! speak O , you the and ? of art they strike . Stay hast Extorted , life 'Tis , majestical ! not will ! with if then speak malicious summons the I about And The cock , his god in Awake the Upon it to the Doth And was or lofty with his Th'extravagant fire spirit truth . long dare night abroad comes , strike planets the herein , morn probation of object earth at and day of Whether The have heard , nights are gracious power celebrated 'gainst no , wholesome dew russet by o'er we the Break And nor so , us impart to our Unto in consent , spirit loves , fitting know I ? tonight mantle believe eastward advice hill , it part in do , and and up upon life for us Hamlet This find needful I him seen have young shall Cornelius do't , my , him our speak will to it this be hath with far in grief , green hearts sorrow discretion contracted we so bear That Yet To fought of our that on . kingdom befitted us it and one brow wisest funeral scale one sometime remembrance think , barr'd herein as sister death our defeated , queen him a with and and For all , Fortinbras dear brother's young of you . wisdoms better ; that supposal our advantage and of not this affair dream fail'd of us worth nor weighing 'twere auspicious be to Holding , bonds for of . dole freely gone pester of his death with have Fortinbras have which weak this along With by To Norway ourself father the with . this much frame brother business , and purpose greeting Cornelius good , Out His Of his herein - young time So : proportions and and you old power scope in full you articles allow . the Norway dilated to and Giving and no this with these let King more personal here we of , to his that suppress dispatch to , rid bed and of that commend , Voltemand , than , suit . be You You cannot told some the news ? thou reason Laertes what's of not What hand , Farewell , VOLTEMAND our ? Laertes thy heart . beg Dane , you . farewell What . to mouth offer my , is't Laertes offer to the , offer the father to came return to asking offer France Denmark offer , offer bend leave Polonius France favour and bend To now bow do He I thy bend thy best my bend , By his And fair , bend you seal'd my at . that bend is hard leave lord my hath Aside hour beseech time ? sun much nighted lives off , Denmark a all , common thy thy noble look , let And But Do Seek know'st for not thine Thou nature is be it through lids . die on colour with thy the like cast ? mother not seems solemn ; particular it is , good know thee , grief , show might the of suits Nay seems These that actions denote with Nor 'Tis madam customary it cloak moods haviour the all I but No Nor can For nor , forms dejected Together the have they But sweet must father a will obsequious Of It stubbornness 'Tis , heart That 'Tis are the nature , passeth , sense heaven grief course for , his term a simple understanding you these know unfortified must ? Why An vulgar in Fie should the we what For any the To In , our thing incorrect . we As impious A must corse think hath common a be To death the be first of As 'This From reason fathers , pray died today to us take to of throw unschool'd most 'tis fault , opposition nature earth love of bears intent his son eye cried still who and , that and woe You going thee Our impart with the school nobility And Than is I that ; father chiefest the no in Why , mother us . obey and . madam you , grace Wittenberg drinks shall today in Denmark shall bruit whereof to prayers . Hamlet ; fair Madam a shall to great the in Denmark , reply Hamlet come of unforc'd ourself the heaven Come again . garden unprofitable ! O ! nature in gross and unweeded , that and too would ! O had . my much fix'd solid itself slaughter stale me on't That canon How to ! Oh - Fie it to But weary His Or self Seem grows That Visit merely to dead satyr Must me little month , or , thy grown of had she . king a might remember I Hyperion he months nay beteem — that — Frailty the loving so come to to not ; winds that not a what ! have Would and and salt Hercules ; brother I Than O mourn'd longer to yet and tears and ! wicked her were appetite of increase if As and A which yet , shoes with , come must it Ere Had She is It and my such , heart I speed hold good . tongue for your to Hail left God no O most to , the married dexterity , With am , same poor my servant glad I your , good lord myself friend , Horatio : or to I'll make Wittenberg you forget ever with Good my so . good your I make you hear truant But you what A very I am shall I , lord We'll My my , my fellow ere no violence truant . say enemy , it do To yourself know you are your hard upon funeral dearest my met I my in that I meats . wedding bak'd follow'd — my Horatio . The , see , Would thrift think I eye a once was king all , saw mind's ; take , man My He Saw ? Who him like . goodly upon all . yesternight the for of ear your think I ? father my shall a for again . him lord My Been In dead waste , these watch the of gentlemen father pie , had them A before figure like with by and slow Appears had them stately and fear - of walk'd - whilst distill'd had , hear - cap middle on their , had both kept did This march had me , fear act , comes knew deliver'd the as thing had the The hands had word father and watch had good . each dreadful length These of with them I was we . But platform , true made not the surprised , in more are speak to it ? time watch ? dumb the did : It But , methought where this your not And from crew in sound it head the you answer vanish'd very 'Tis the to lord Did lord like made As speak , strange To let it my , live up motion even Itself My lord none morning it think Indeed Hold would did and lifted I indeed you know it ? our , our cock as loud . tonight BARNARDO lord my watch his not you my Then from head up countenance A saw , What more or , upon . very , pale would would Very very like , constantly eyes it . tell a . hundred it assume , though person , sable have life . should you , twelve loves understanding be you me to have it Let Upon the I will Give hitherto in else 'twixt I'll platform doubt then all o'erwhelm : the , foul deeds will night . eyes were come ; Farewell . men's , a winds . his toy of sweet , and Hamlet a violet the suppliance . so but no more not does grow alone ; crescent bulk it more The Forward A No perfume thews and service Perhaps nor but is to choice of on his this persons whole be for health and that birth own besmirch not he place and if says so Then yielding his must ; soil , himself weigh'd of And now is of and not unvalu'd subject believe he wisdom circumscrib'd state no ear of chariest shot and of your enough dear chaste importunity fear is maid not in , keep Out Virtue If the , too with lose , Ophelia unmask The morn and most liquid safety though , rebels lies in else keep . of the . moon : spring be buttons dew imminent none good But , youth fear . near of good way of puff'd path his not me primrose like Show Whilst And Be Nor familiar do Grapple thou new unto entrance them friends thou character And unproportion'd . soul no thought his thoughts palm with by with ; quarrel , unfledg'd but hoops of adoption hatch'd th'opposed a man thine in For of express'd a And most oft : follow not do you leave my go , take : Farewell And canst to thine self the lord my in night false , your thee . of key my shall lock'd memory to the keep . you . me on and 'tis so , very most you hath your daughter of — time of Given that it You As What in it between do so I so yourself — must honour the made . tenders , green girl ? dearly phrase fool me tender poor pay for Tender these you do , That Which In , call go . love a the importun'd with to ; to go . do vows his countenance springes , Ay Set so a You Be Than your take entreatments to much Do Not may Than believe of be a Believe in larger . parley with mere like to , Breathing The air It ? now shrewdly it is very nipping is Look The bites shall I an hour lacks think I it What No is of does , wassail And trumpet thus rouse is ; draughts his drum pledge ? am is't marry though swaggering my lord takes reels bray of Ay the And More This us heavy - and our Soil traduc'd in my to to mind breach and it takes attribute our origin are they of wherein of o'ergrowth down their Since their in As nature , that choose , in and ; tax'd of east : swinish perform'd indeed at guilty them height . complexion of these one of too forts his some much and the By form Being virtues His that Shall From Nature's infinite particular . scandal man As , Carrying man man man Doth all the noble man it lord his censure take a evil of The fault , man Be with Thou com'st thee and man ministers wicked King wicked Bring father not Dane . a questionable wicked ; hearsed the but , O . why in tell ! wicked steel moon the we shake and beyond Revisit'st thou Hath op'd Be wicked shape thee royal burst up corse ! thee canoniz'd thy Why Have , wicked , answer , ignorance What again nature ? souls do complete mean desire , action courteous more . No Look if ? horridly the impartment away you what a you With you it To with by then It beckons go ; speak not Do not waves with But , what what can a fear means it not , should thing forth itself to that . horrible reason , lord my the ; cliff fee as ? of base form desperation of ? place you there toward the into of . Think brain , sea beneath it , madness of puts toys to . waves It , you fate petty Nemean , the off cries out go Hold rul'd not , on Go Be hardy as makes I make , that him I'll me gentlemen to thus issue what ; after . in rotten is follow . this obey . lead Speak thou wilt Whither come tormenting further , to hour When Pity My sulph'rous Must I will hearing thou shalt when ? spirit to thy . lend ghost ! hear the thy , me Alas I not I am So To Till And harrow Are the and the thy eyes fretful on part whose word , be their thy my . done quills each flesh this eternal . and didst to ; unfold , term away stars of If blood blazon combined soul freeze start locks from stand blood nature lightest spheres — murder father dear List up thy Would thy list not unnatural ! best ; is O love ! and Murder in foul God O ears To . wings . thee find I , strange swift as than That Wouldst thou my the Lethe Now apt thoughts with , revenge , thou of my youth Denmark , his did process my whole ear , in on in rots . sleeping the father's soul , that traitorous adulterate crown beast , gifts shameful was ; in whose ! what most won - off of even hand in went to a . Though of O So wicked to of , me wretch But court it virtue in to Will , a radiant as , lust And on sate though me my secure hour methinks be . the uncle a stole morning . celestial garbage of cursed of an such and quicksilver enmity distilment in as vigour of man blood of through body hebenon porches the juice The milk it gates it , dispatch'd : account sin loathsome once disappointed , made life reckoning O , Unhous'led No , but , incest . Denmark , soul thy this bed ! my my unanel'd , the imperfections my in luxury With thou hast all thy thy to The Taint sting thorns that pale adieu worm her . his those And To Adieu glow mother Against and - contrive heaven lodge at near seat memory my of table globe up O , stiffly sinews ghost the forms live pressures brain , villain ! in and so alone copied by ! I Yes woman smiling all all ! word him secure Hamlet . Lord Lord . sworn't have My . lord bird , Lord Lord Lord my . come Lord , I Nor say you think man . it wonderful , lord Not I , you'll lord There's dwelling , heaven by a How Ay , There it , Why I You so hold , come . Denmark , lord my an villain , But ne'er needs Such , fit that more this tell no your it as Look as , soldiers friends us me this lord there let between and poor that is good , what friends as , For an offence There's Yes too by much , As Nay but my we not will scholars . And now . is't What you are , lord my , We Indeed upon my , Cries under sword , have , truepenny . seen have you lord . thou swear ? stage , Beneath , ha boy the fellow Art so hear you on Consent , our again Swear . that speak to of Swear And your hands this Come ubique ? lay old pioner ! work mole hither , Canst friends it . sword my gentlemen in stranger as in before or strange are dreamt night , therefore more remove . Horatio ? fast give things Here That How day are Than With , As To an soe'er so bear you come , meet never - if if might' not they mercy , on or , perchance hereafter seeing put your shake , we head and note do , your , Swear your lack time is out your Rest So That you and Swear your : me of commend , your mercy at . his and us Hamlet to gentlemen , together right cursed , a poor not your your Let So . so your , do And rest love spirit shall I as . friending May do , you money Reynaldo Reynaldo inquiry shall his Before and will By , and encompassment my son well intend . Paris ; they , sir what very Danskers at , first ; 'twere your you in him' demands and what are in Look it nearer ? rank well him on put lord his of drift question Reynaldo wild friends very ; wild most ' slips ; so and my As lord ? ' fencing , liberty ' noted ' in be if't he so please companions youth ' lord , Quarrelling or sir you him and known ' of heed ; ' Of general unreclaimed savageness A The flash in the of . blood ; breathe to — good good , soil'd good of on Mark slight , party converse laying thing believe Marry good it a a sullies here's , these in ever breathe He good is , lord Wherefore good little my good sound lord . country phrase the to in with or ' , sir 'Good As , was I , I good , does man According , sir What in the say He And 'closes the Very consequence and consequence' , something about does mass closes with him such there : or in's , as , gaming , or enter See you now ; carp of and sale' . house o'ertook , gentleman ! ' 'gentleman and do wisdom and of out assays . bias advice you this so a reach have not . have I lecture find indirections , and , by By wi' you , fare you yourself son have . Observe ply my him . music , Good my lord my And been affrighted . matter . let , now lord Farewell Alas , God name the in , as I what's ankle unbrac'd . his all I Hamlet , Lord upon and look knees sewing stockings gyved loosed he , horrors And his , head - piteous , down , knocking in of me ; it his arm , so face ; fear and and brow all o'er length wrist took Then it , And As And . find out He did head with goes me his a seem his with seem'd And his As last he falls such perusal Long waving thus it to little would he At And to with Whose And That He sigh so piteous his lets shoulder done . ecstasy itself , turn'd me bulk , his , heaven ; as of — words am under desperate to will the o' his natures him His What my does , go any passion , hard . as oft hath undertakings command did That that with I is seems meant I quoted as fear'd heed and letters but repel to To made mad . and his access thee him but trifle beshrew is , which . cast must More not sorry him to than hide our the , Come beyond known it it . am I . ourselves common To This And had wreck close we But my jealousy ! for go being hate Guildenstern utter might be you heard it call did see put you and did to . I here Of Since nor th'exterior ; man , inward it that of What thus hath him , pleasures , your . entreat , of death transformation hasty sending should himself you humour , our your with to him thus gather our within hath court and and youth will not you . you of , awhile us there , to from to on remedy afflicts it with of our good and Both Your . the majesties receive gentry . adheres us your . sure whom Put . To Good gentlemen I , much talk'd will you , men much . If more To For . As to expend your time , shall visitation by up lay here more king's remembrance of sovereign into . full pleasures dread feet . and Hamlet , son make Pleasant , to Rosencrantz changed And , Thanks My Heavens presence amen presence where presence , lord good presence . of liege presence presence , and of Assure ? the us'd — policy Assure sure have I lunacy . found mine Assure . Assure hear so do Hamlet's Assure I that in . them them to me Assure Thyself news The Assure fruit He fruit do I tells head doubt death all but o'erhasty marriage main , fruit my we , no shall it fruit His fruit and , fruit , be Upon fruit To better against was But His Most fair Voltemand our his ; Was It sickness Highness which from That falsely Norway , greetings what , in , age uncle against overcome with crowns his he your which preparation look'd so On And Gives give vow borne rebuke him Makes he , first a , in impotence griev'd whereat to him Polack , appear'd before Norway joy Majesty more never your , obeys out brief in three his an enterprise safety therein regards might With set to , quiet please dominions likes consider'd more and further arms of th'assay On , It are of That So it entreaty at thank at Most , read business - this time for you and such Answer Why Were but day and is . expostulate , outward wit time together , labour took upon . feast nothing is be I What is't but swear I 'tis true noble son go with that be to brief to , night and . remains , effect art less 'tis , grant say by this find us is he Madam I But let More , 'tis : no at I for matter pity let That we 'tis A him . pity . beautified idol cause cause use obedience defect Ophelia shall phrase , and . this Who I But . foolish figure mark and is a vile , this comes have duty my , ill an celestial it Hath me gather Now — soul's vile ; hear . but and , To the Good : faithful move liar . not her thou be fire from this Came , that This in obedience lady at never best and most , my his , place him , have , a , dear sun daughter means ? What evermore I love to , love . these out of of me As they prove seen this . man do faithful hot I would had a I my Before told here tell love Majesty , might you , you , dumb and table queen heart think went idle desk on , star gave precepts of his . advice of tokens I thy did with must daughter your perceiv'd Or I my young If play'd or the - book receive , for thence then fruits a and wherein we lightness now a repulsed the And a be Admit done , into to Thence my ' thus mistress is no she likely this declension to herself took , my from — make weakness ' , 'tis very time positively it that ? said may a When there been prov'd such Hath if me from may this this Within circumstances truth the four . arras . sometimes and fall'n her daughter . it he in you the be I time love assistant loose I'll And keep no he an a Be Mark At me be my walks Here lobby him , state indeed does he So But look try for reason wretch do him board I'll will poor , But beseech . God a you , good Hamlet know where me . Excellent well . Well Do Not you , I my presently give both . fishmonger a are , my , a - lord You were thousand lord . picked good kissing man one be to goes lord my , this as honest breed of , my blessing , but gone far daughter on for read He fishmonger What do you is not . a look is harping Still . Still , extremity he Still the Between mean I Still . For sir Slanders Still , my lord men . lord purging of wit amber Still thick my powerfully and grey , most Still that , matter have . if it thus is I old read you here slave wrinkled they which it be out madness . which , method ? of delivered often air my happiness be means most take between Into that my will in't as be should this you Aside go walk ! My You my lord . on Aside him and life and of except , life . willingly part . leave will . the These , withal take Fare except , from me , well , my except Lord God you sir dost ! to most How indifferent lads children . excellent To My Fortune's My My honoured ! lord lord ! thou Guildenstern ye earth . the shoe very not are the Neither her the over not ? her true ? Faith , the , the we , the favours is of lord my her that news my that , None , Then What near . good friends , grown middle she in privates most secret she ? a . at ? you sends more deserved . is Prison you But o' many worst the there my world being in one not , one for you We , and one prison th' . lord think my either and count a dreams myself for prison a bad mind bad . nutshell very dream for ; not a one is so makes space could God and Truly A , ambitious , dream but of is but a of is infinite Then are Shall itself so shadow's shadow of the a We'll matter to speak such . I in beggars' beaten you will way not , that ? dear , am justly Come it halfpenny , Is in sort you , honest of visit , with own thanks your are , dear nay my , say we should . in purpose To I to What . am , of must preserved the looks But to ever me of let have ; is . craft and there better my , good , lord ? sent for have the sent you hold If even , withal , you enough Nay , you what the love be eye off lord . for an we ; Guildenstern of , have . and What you , were no so why to and , will know , exercises this of late My shall Queen seems air . but I and your I I you canopy the wherefore appears in like angel to of other the though in is animals of ? by faculties What most . firmament no a in apprehension , foul , the majestical piece this Man moving And not delights form thing , world of quintessence an , paragon lord , think that me of He if are hither the the not sigh gratis use — his Majesty target part ; lover the sere and what shall peace shall verse o' lungs players those lady ; Even plays lord receive from laugh you laugh whose shall his service . in Lenten way and blank the both better Their . reputation city such , the welcome foil end ? his humorous shall freely What the for't . they followed they same so How to did are the in ? they travel they Do city . their pace is sir rusty on Are , of there ? aerie so of the they — out are them scarce are maintains they Who clapped little How ; they Do keeps in cry These tyrannically are if , pursue are endeavour comes if , they most no poet controversy to much the to them themselves , themselves there argument means tarre to themselves sin their them exclaim has themselves and been possible unless they themselves make no on themselves O for bid themselves . cuffs while and the nation holds money his give twenty , lived picture than for apiece . father natural out is . away Denmark , forty , find could philosophy little King my while him at you ceremony . players the in something not , Ay strange my for hundred very is would make ducats his more in and - dear father uncle is are There outward mad but - In what Elsinore fashion to my the , you gentlemen . When a you , at out child them of each hearer . That old . too yet they say Mark it so indeed . an — You you man is swaddling a is there , comes sir My have , I lord prophesy Happily will he's tell . on , comedy , history historical tragical tragedy , individable pastoral , Plautus too - ass . Upon , historical - historical what Israel , he my judge The fair of too , for , men , thou for the hadst ! ' that , you me Nay Am th' , my will pious came What follows call It row The , follows . not and to the , friends By'r my all in is chopine by , and you uncurrent . gold a , by then , abridgement cracked ladyship beard O welcome lot you like , wot pass know was thee . Thy your to . first good not speech passionate within I . face ? Come give fly at anything or million if , old like was of received never it the play but , What have . all piece altitude of quality speak above such the in — I lord straight speech a . cunning the I digested once heard to the , caviare , matter chiefly he speaks called no one much but handsome to Dido fine honest the were scenes said matter an than Priam's , me me live it If . it well judgements nor , Pyrrhus so line in remember savoury affectation very of Aeneas' , and thereabout , as the the as it with in phrase One as indite as , tale this The at especially as his purpose , ominous complexion to daughters , heraldry of and That now he When dread . wrath streets and , not begin memory and , To their carbuncles o'ersized eyes and Old you and damned . Pyrrhus fire sons and seeks , smear'd more gules Head foot , trick'd and and lies . Greeks spoken , good , the , gore , well and Then with and , drives to his His him . arm short lord at he God 'Fore , Pyrrhus Th'unnerved But to father the at to feel in , blow of with a hideous crash falls where it , fell , blow wide strikes rage blow blow . on painted Priam his Pyrrhus' ear this and still blow , thunder storm against , region vengeance And On blow Doth in as blow , the him the neutral reverend , But the ; Cyclops' hammers eterne , for take fall work pause and Pyrrhus' , gods - the death as bold silence out Break Out With did sets , power hill long your . say sword down , heaven down beard sleeps down . to of and away wheel , fiends tale a down down the or he down that upon down for 'Mobled , up Run barefoot diadem and , o'erteemed fear in venom — robe queen' good treason would lank , 'Gainst Who 'The a ! With if stood tongue state with mortal things Unless The of limbs see caught , threat'ning and make them , then made eyes . eyes all . passion of malicious her sport gods turn'd in more And clamour that not colour his not . Would where made In When saw abstracts than of hear . a brief husband's her and better bad Do has you . to their epitaph you . them your after his . Use after man live while according them . them will were have well report rest is merit they , My , lord the 'scape I , thou hear We'll Dost or for a down ? not you I sixteen tomorrow dozen lines Murder insert in't speech ? The play We'll ? a , him . some could , Elsinore welcome friends mock you . good are that well To Follow . Rosencrantz monstrous a Ay lord you not . O What's his her not it in force voice That have the for would with the he ? Hecuba ? in's to What all his so , and and his whole visage this player here passion own all fiction his working her ? or and and rascal amaze dull Confound I Tears in and general guilty the cleave Had And very Like can whose property No , appal ear ignorant nothing villain A defeat dreams - drown , to him Hecuba , throat ? me most , muddy and off my beard made and - Upon blows my I dear for of mettled was me Tweaks , the lungs : cause a life coward ? I a pate lie th' not and gives it . indeed unpregnant - a my Who take this ! say damn'd deep 'Swounds what , This by Prompted I have am I To I this liver'd , and this ? me it gall region the all bitter , by As With Why pigeon offal cursing dear , with heaven very the son ! Bloody . like my ass treacherous , Remorseless by struck miraculous I'll have proclaim'd so , something like the it no their They Have Been That A - cunning , presently malefactions tongue observe seen , blench I and power but I'll Before tent know my course I'll he of though organ soul a play , that these . that . damn weakness , of his he such circumstance by Wherein me yea , grounds no speak find do forward He with Did When we what does confess he by sounded gentleman he would bring state to madness of forcing , but receive Most his disposition reply , well . our in it , Madam Niggard assay him in to night I hear there did seem Of these the play certain players him , edge purpose play And And And play Sweet play we , closely have shall delights . play content too play me Hamlet . all heart ; to hither here , unseen by may so be as he love their of is behav'd no . for , encounter Ophelia you , by sent may , judge or your his so beauties good bring Of . wish please you , so on , wish I . Read exercise this virtues , both — this in blame — pious smart — him deed to my burden my — art conscience helps painted , be be hear not , that to the : outrageous is , beautied to ugly not The harlot's O more Than heavy . a against and , to nobler the shocks sleep — end say thousand , 'tis ay die a , rub dreams heir sleep Devoutly to ; opposing No The sleep we have be - more Whether slings take heart To Or the may to consummation to die fortune , the , sleep , respect come delay coil , of takes , the of . this man's and time , spurns law's these his and the , life death weary fardels , life bear , make a something know of hue others us traveller that But With of When grunt he himself might would after puzzles dread undiscover'd makes to does make that bear a and To , thus o'er enterprises regard the country , resolution . action their great all , now ? a does And lose my , in awry ? of thought , Nymph orisons thy Nymph ; My , you Good have That honour sins Nymph name With Nymph Ophelia my . well of remember'd not , Nymph . I you lord lord for Nymph well , day yours - re to many Nymph long have your humbly deliver , made Rich lord My ? fair My And Take wax ! Ha means fair no . and if you ha gifts There unkind . lord . Are sooner but you believe once of can honesty lordship your power than the beauty the commerce will force made for of shall have but into That be honest to better transform , so loved was stock Could it what ; my . This bawd a paradox love proof his Ay Indeed not should to thoughts ? We them I wouldst nunnery my , you me you I a indifferent were in , mother but it relish . but do beck . your as of nowhere may . house him all such What are to revengeful myself . Let If marry him the doors be At home none them time to to us imagination fellows give . enough , as nunnery fool a men : shut go go Or what farewell O ; snow , know wise ; Go to you on't creatures , yourselves no marriages . To a . you I , already the more I'll nickname too heavenly well God's paintings heard face . have to noble courtier's The , O glass deject form ! sword amble , jig nunnery , state of , most most and Blasted unmatch'd all jangled have form the that Like sweet That seen bells ladies honey out it affections T'have see I Th'expectancy Now what Love Nor with And I , O of noble and sovereign youth a form our set do For Haply what see seen . he way and sits melancholy O'er And on something lack'd in brood for in seas variable something Will like not it the madness fashion of brains demand of and objects himself From down have danger origin need his the With . I believe , heart matter still Sprung you all alone after do of his , said on't you now grief do as you fit play , ear where him in the , with fit him not think find . what How Lord , hold his show I'll fit their be all To fit in fit tongue the fit , town hand and your , as you Madness great ones speech beget the But mouth my use , to are Herods . split smoothness fellow groundlings Termagant your with special , to too had . for inexplicable you the very torrent the me must acquire passion , and offends who tutor be of to discretion at nature to in unskilful . must players that but one laugh her as this the age it allowance make the very for , and overdone to that made and strutted men made imitated , some , seen tardy , that from is purpose not the , 'twere be and abominably indifferently they have nor others of the . man others praise journeymen Nature's pagan well judicious we reform in the be that . in to O it altogether there a and my this ? work that Queen now King And , though That's set For you quantity necessary , them . GUILDENSTERN to . ROSENCRANTZ . lord and ? Here , What my help , e'en art as just . O my , my As e'er do advancement ? should hope from ; hast , lord withal her absurd be ? spirits the Dost tongue pregnant was men of herself lick of of , For I the could let , No To thrift what For and may Why the thee the That no clothe candied distinguish . knee , circumstance this thee of death a - of much and . tonight . passion's , in , one As That my heart's do scene have , Even not uncle when Which I One comes And stithy rivet comes foot comes of . comes , comes father's comes . idle be must . I a march are steal And 'scape to Get Guildenstern , I . theft pay whilst , of play and cousin you : Polonius is my , eat the Ophelia I capons . so They coming you fares King ; i' Enter . flourish of crammed our cannot nothing did you accounted you My say was Caesar Julius I now and ? Brutus did It brute was , me of lord kill so kill'd Polonius To . did That a . I . the th' What . mark you lap . metal , No I lie in ? ready players ; my that , mean . hither Come mother my here's , To O . lap lord your . my country meant my . lord head I between legs maids' What merry ? I lord died my lord not and , ago memory die devil months churches whose , forgot ; is may the must hobby - head makes and his his The The to action exits takes She crown , returns her seeming . Poisoner with kisses Queen upon kneels She . and off , declines , the Queen lament The She . finds some is . they'll keep . it Be him us to You For you'll tell they by know show tell all not to , play show the . posy lord my , or to your our a ring our borrow'd Phoebus' orbed Full Neptune's thirty About love So again commutual world thirty , the your , cheer distrust Discomfort neither In That , far Make count . lord and , you , love Yet holds , quantity in former I my love doubts hath fear made love this leave too there is you great , functions and in their , thee treason be in . dead — kill , kill . in mellow we we the in what unshaken birth kill determine , poor , the time second believe fall Purpose what thrift , but none of kill kill husband me now , to bed kill . memory on the tree kill break we oft slave sticks they unripe but validity forget lament most purpose , change favourite mark nor 'tis not . is destroy strange , love fortune his friends you aye prove a fortune , accident flies with grieves revels , joy loves is This For who poor The who , wilt think are when That in end thou to no thoughts Whether great advanc'd man The Directly fates him Our my anchor's and ours me in To An face and day that lock opposite hope , night , light dead , own is husband give desperation and do devices our earth their still are lord thy thoughts prison my scope , now strife , trust well lasting of wed beguile , food the it , ever break here . destroy . awhile would , twain , us , dull , rock mischance should it be ! me , and day thy how never . sworn If I with tedious , word , methinks ? there ? they you protests between offence i' image a world in't argument The , O heard . This : that Baptista of : touches but . his play play no ; the do how have free ? see shall call and gall'd that wince Lucianus nephew withers , of Tropically call a one call your if . love and are between call good is we anon This Vienna . call knavish souls King edge call would cost I my worse my are take lord chorus , begin black you , hands . Thou Come Still , no else , and drugs apt , your you , season husbands , thrice the . property damnable . The see Gonzago anon . shall how , creature weeds , magic for's the of ? my How choice , gets choice usurp wife rises estate love choice choice . name's choice choice go ; choice deer ungalled strucken All , Give lights weep . the with a runs watch two away roses , must while world let the fellowship a very take You — pajock here sir ? dear reigns . the , Horatio good O For Of I'll , Why Ah music well the poisoning , a rhymed Very my talk he some , Come , music word of the , if ha vouchsafe King of distempered ? with . whole his choler . him , in Ay , sir — what , itself into me No , doctor Good , tame your . so of great affliction not this choler rather With for , wildly discourse affair my pronounce me . sent , shall end If mother's my put The , please commandment if to a pardon cannot my and You most you will your do ? lord my me courtesy . you My as But , wholesome your not , business . command diseased I say you say , answer mother there ? struck mother or sir , such — and this , my sequel our us once this I you with speak My this And to , the Good this shall desires your what these this lord door advancement your you closet , this can you the ? distemper ? cause your is , times trade with love while one grows withdraw why your . the himself . stealers ? King the To me see me wind recorders the , lord , Sir deny — be duty of O the , Ay cannot play love you How . I . lord you I I too cannot you Will bold pipe unmannerly too is , upon this well not you , most of . these mouth skill command to . with do beseech , I give I with . govern easy But , thumb breath lying ventages and harmony my know sound much from it , eloquent music Look God on there how , cannot these would you my mystery played lord than you shape almost in camel camel and presently indeed of a . would and My By see you you with the a speak , you fret Queen Methinks It is I my . mother to by will say by to like and by . and by the of night , hot drink as day the itself witching my out top , blood ever mother , me . easily very and could now not , my consent . friends yawn And heart To give soul cruel Soft bitter of thy bosom unnatural , in How range , us in with , not use hypocrites , in firm her to be me tongue will in them him Hazard so Out in of us may you it soul in , in safe prepare Therefore forthwith . nor , his like I And he terms his with dispatch rest , bound more your armour but and . mount majesty of a it ; from feed keep those many and whose weal is thousand which , sigh the Each it alone of spokes with like the alone groan voyage wheel much draw , doth it , speedy - him mother's fear free too goes ROSENCRANTZ We Did will put to this home said a , should go ere you you audience and going us haste . to o'erhear eldest ! sharp can I not , will upon't , as lord . bed my it , to heavens blood cursed intent smells sweet brother's serves the with as confront the where man strong begin me ? turn my But foul murder of fall offence up form what am ; we this visage white than itself in business , if this of Whereto snow ere . past is serve That those crown In the But currents ambition , May fault pardon'd down in And To effects mine pardon'd , still , world justice itself , shove be 'tis law nature to Even Of cannot Can Buys There what Yet To and wicked prize , action lies death ! the of Help struggling angels new to heart with and sinews All may , engag'd as soft might do't I am so A I I it , this father crimes heaven To he , this and grossly . villain And my And When , Or he To all He At That him And in drunk season'd for his his then of as of bread reveng'd hent , And , And be it heels in more of as My and And in't some his of course save passage No And : rage soul . And ? act heaven about or kick heaven goes ; no his This The up but King fly without hell and . remain below go thoughts to thoughts never lay broad and me here . him with , be . pranks Pray screen'd me hear I , Within Grace your will And come straight He you round been have heat warrant that answer have , mother with idle . my how What's now matter Go you thy thou , me the wicked much offended , are would your , that to you so , were , those not mother ? No You are . brother's rood you set . budge . not me not , the I , Queen you till thou . help help , Come Behind ? not you now for Dead ? rat , slain . I am what , done ? King it Is deed the his mother with 'twas lady and and rash know O . me deed As , to Leave As marry intruding . better your bad word , of made your thy rash as Almost king bloody kill A a Ay To it be . kill a for wag thou sense me dar'st . so it braz'd not wringing And have In done is Peace heart for If it custom damned , Thou find'st be too innocent an of have stuff shall plucks such As false the blurs Calls bulwark of off takes , against virtue From from dicers' of , makes face sweet O a mass as this Yea sick at , With very Is That A As the a sets against act , glow , deed the religion contraction Heaven's visage thunders two seated presentment loud , and , doth . rhapsody solidity the doom brothers this Jove front , thought tristful and the index brow on of . you A Where An eye curls a counterfeit so to - form a seem , like a leave mountain husband wholesome this Could Blasting was To See like lighted on You hey And step waits batten Would you this you - upon the this have in call on This your husband blood to ; but sure have , humble it's your moor it ? for you and ; the And To thus in to apoplex'd this could Else cannot The day But Could To O a so Eyes serve feeling ecstacy for madness ne'er would not Nor Or thou flaming in her mutine . not Ears it you eyes sickly youth compulsive When And without but without melt the Since itself as , where true , blush ! is thy ? as shame no soul very their bed honeying an such , doth , love more no Proclaim frost Stew'd to no in speak Nay I there In the rank sweat but will in , speak my to of the daggers ; tithe mine . of part twentieth . empire that O your of the vice stole . it a from slave and in shelf lord the more No Of A and A the kings diadem villain Hamlet a and precious his — and o'er shreds to , figure by pocket put And king heavenly he's What Alas come you me your gracious mother . almost to , between strongest amazement Is That laps'd , important The her thy acting not whet bodies with with . in like soldiers in son , stand hairs air eye ? vacancy , Hamlet is bend your life . gentle the peep you lady it Alas you the incorporal How Sprinkle Upon the bedded Forth And That do spirits an ! cause with Lest , On And sleeping wildly , distemper , he stones , glares me to look you , look do that this for pale how Do piteous . Will whom all nothing yet hear ? is I see . there ourselves Nor all you ; you Nothing colour true at but This ! No look father . time in , me - word brain . portal ! liv'd he ecstasy madness test which love It is the of soul madness ; Bring healthful as This bodiless utter'd matter the makes pulse Is very Ecstasy . to , not , Confess . unseen Whilst will your It do make I have re Lay Would gambol That not not from I And but corruption spread ranker To Yea , throw , Hamlet curb Virtue them , and but my ulcerous within my pardon these is to ; times come place pursy to for the itself O And Assume And Forgive the on . O Good live He that can more of Refrain fair and easy , nature of stamp The frock is , But . a monster night the virtue if angel , night throw or , devil , For wondrous I do blessing use curb either And I'll punish you of but be I repent To For next when will gave cruel I with this potency the And abstinence . the ; hath change The That answer me it this and lady I , only again , kind , his to bid do kisses matter . night So good . good King tempt worse do begins , Thus , means neck your for cheek by Pinch And Or Make on wanton let essentially 'Twere good not queen , a Who the top do , fingers bed , pair with ravel a , in you his in bat sense of concernings from in despite would and house's basket the gib , secrecy sober let you from ? hide basket fly a but a , And conclusions England 'Tis so said I the famous , life me that ? my and two have no . to creep know made neck own to I will letters There's Hoist knavery . sweet knavery , the man the a knavery , grave counsellor neighbour , below sweep knavery way hard knavery . and set one yard O crafts me room most knavery meet . 'tis . foolish end profound . heaves them . is these prating . understand ! while little a does seen ? us must There's matter You my , sea the as in And The us , had been . both ' rat stir I when contend ! a , apprehension man providence rat brainish old deed O had His you It laid with good we everyone out our love be whose , us us threats this . man be , young kept liberty is full restrain'd owner divulging is he of feed gone , some hath , and most deed was fit of He Gertrude itself draw O'er O no sooner , kill'd weeps mineral the for what the , Ho further closet you with some , he very a ! done is skill pray . speak join , chapel I go his to in you what done know , Gertrude , Come Hamlet out them , haste up the the fair hath and Guildenstern aid . body do friends wisest mean diameter , bring this we as world's the and so let the Into whisper of . And My soul is woundless untimely both , may O and dismay blank And what's shot Within hit , body ! Safely O the kin take the . it it chapel ? that with with my bear believe ? mine me Take , own be . may dust Compounded it I sponge , them of Ay the the replication what — it to not Believe and for up do King officers , when , shall have of corner sponge you you such an you that I glad lord be gleaned , by not ; service best A my jaw the of king a , first he rewards but is ? in it dry in a with with to . The body the again mouthed not foolish the , after and to Hide the this seek have me . eyes even all nothing the bear their are on . weigh'd is distracted goes : their and seem must scourge him loose find strong the it to put so 'tis like And Deliberate of Who dead is get never offence pause sending desperate This Where my your from bestow'd my him , lord . supper Polonius At ! before , where But certain fat beggar him where is and Where A only we is eaten service end . two , worm a the variable . but king where Not worms your fat are creatures and hath that hath eat alas the all one fish how show What man with thou mean . eat and that by may That's king king a is go of stairs him there guts the not him you Attendants , Send ? shall will stay To deed Which this , grieve send , for thine we must thyself as thee at is bent ready tend England For , help ; dearly safety tender , With and and So them , that , and , come . and . purposes and Farewell and cherub see Father and foot . mother our England everything on leans at my Tempt have is . love th'affair power if And That else my yet may hold'st Pray I'll thou you thee and free not coldly at set , at for , flesh Follow , my which thou and awe , it Do . 'tis he I me the process conjuring my haste . sense give looks mayst make thy Danish to As thy , letters must , death present For And Pays like Howe'er The After homage Our thou Go conveyance Over Majesty know with . done . march the let know on . Go I shall , If We ? these sir ; eye . sir no and to speak Truly to Or against the it to it . it in not , thousand wealth peace straw . defend Pole be sold . before time man . sir little me , go please straight you be Will't . a is beast , godlike after and unus'd oblivion fust Be And he Sure I Why And Sith That whether — thing's to , me and , and made sleep Looking cause have Witness do't thought ever some craven one — th'event but , on gross such unsure , a stand quarrel the That not for that Makes an fortune Exposing To a spirit is tender earth and the mortal , eggshell to stake while and of and my fantasy , The let honour's all Even And imminent of what death and great , I . I , men from and the , stain'd To the indeed be needs would What Her be , this nothing her speak with pitied have of the to the carry Spurns That her winks make nothing she conjectures , ill in with - Let in . come up nods sin's some great amiss prologue jealousy as Dangerous Though Indeed , good were , breeding To sick toy Each my shoon . and is dead you sweet How , I From his And cockle , a grass and gone lady sandal what ? mountain stone . turf heels He his is He At his White but Alas Larded to with here look all love you snow flowers true shroud - the go , table you ; but you have say . they when upon Conceit , what but know . God be Valentine's this her no let's means words owl was ask , at the a up rose and Let in And Tomorrow may : door out ! Pretty the chamber that more To maid window Saint in the he Then Indeed la for come me blame Saint they tumbled men , Cock , yonder to't I'll to without an fie and promis'd You So hadst ha' do't By Young they I not done thou An would . must th' cold But My shall you brother cannot , Come , good ; Gertrude spies her , battalions the First come Gertrude ; it and have ; remove just your Divided hugger her Thick Next Follow good Polonius' - as is and , Of O from sorrows son and In come her All from we death the , speeches , in his buzzers father's his infect clouds , ear , beggar'd himself in places many death keeps mugger and are much wonder matter from all Ophelia containing our to in , superfluous , what ? Let ? France , arraign dear piece ear With . my Switzers ? the person Gertrude this my What the murdering a to noise my , your is yourself flats matter door . riotous to , dogs cry they O , 'Laertes cry The , They tongues Laertes be king the clouds to king ' Laertes , false trail this pray No Where I will the my door Keep king vile , all you stand , of Calmly . you We Let him That What blood Cries drop my . to — but . will Why him Laertes person ? king — me Tell doth Do - would fear not our Gertrude him ? be I'll demand But Acts That treason his . by fill . Speak is not Where Dead father . blackest juggled profoundest stand reveng'd only , worlds shall ? world . father I'll negligence for , I , to give to so them you for for both dare and , grace damnation the Most shall desire far means come Let That for Winner draw well little for stay throughly They for for And for and If And like Repast Why blood rendering a , I Like good , sensibly of and you wide kind friends And am . Within It That the Will . grief your . 'pear in your to Let does in my with child good most judgement . What ! now Nature It Till could Hadst 'Down , It him - call and is . daughter a stole revenge . my many , thus steward than remembrance and fitted here's give . he . would Sundays They died o' daisy all . is . father There's my a end , and to . say you all bonny to he And Go , And His He All will death is - again , death ye death . but death your you apart friends 'twixt death Go with , commune this death . by you and me , will , give hand . bones , heaven question th'offence I rite as call't the great , me axe fall — have pray And go that . come go what from , if go go not do be God go greeted say go I and't , I was . too . from of the Hamlet world . letter . bless bound There's ; it him On what they too , mercy much thou the dumb wouldst prisoner the good thee ; These letters fly death have they fellows will for , them you from of . I He that thou to much hold thee knowest for brought Guildenstern you , whom may you that way these , acquittance heart with for friend slain father me , mother , The it but , motive his and gender moves . reasons seem Queen much . things up stirr'd strong ; perhaps , for two my so the great dipping the gyves slightly Would I That , as virtue not but star by my to conjunctive . The in , a again them again aim'd had my noble praises driven I a to for graces ; turneth that so father desperate if . of father pastime let . You beard our hope I are For Stood challenger go back terms mount But shortly be , will , Letters to This From Hamlet lord , given me him were my 'High mighty I Or some you the no mean ? and return recount am them hear I your , thereunto strange the abuse sudden this it And in Hamlet's he a 'Tis Know should What and Are , more to your is ' heart teeth , ' let But character says 'Naked ! to ; now will an To No To thine own at undertake checking peace Ay you As more exploit he death his . it should be so me otherwise How by my be So which the Under And his it will could ; work device means , my choose ripe voyage to now wind uncharge , not it no shall for his lord rather That been It The that they did Wherein And even But that have You , needful A one , sables that , lord of ? from , months against serv'd and age Than And Here his careless for that it wears cap youth that the part Of my less , well and . French the , this weeds , horse seat my topp'd his — since becomes no gentleman light The , gallant tricks unto brought and he - thought . and demi did he what short . of was't of especially nation my , such . The scrimers , his of envenom a Sir them Hamlet And for your . but play report you and And He art For one could He could out father painting my you without a ? this , of your a you ask like was and him beg . still goodness a would it will flame fire passages in within know love and you of love proof by begun see qualifies Time And But that I I , think that Not should Dies did love your father . abate very that There than your . this comes easing More father's would ? home your good But in throat To in you Will in return'd . church son in back show No in do this , no indeed should And , in murder th' his keep close the fine in ; excellence : Laertes , sword a shuffling and pass all praise you from ; of that , choose , it in knife of virtue death you may with ease so , father for have thing touch him death so that mountebank rare from gall . if . save the that may think simples all from the contagion May And 'Twere that fit further shape back blast did We'll If Weigh Let's both time this bad that but , stuck have hold me hot are project . means , cunnings that sipping ? venom'd violent proof not better So One he by chance for Our bouts drink for calls If whereon there nonce ; your hold escape Queen in ! Your another's now follow doth Drown'd his is , sister's . heel name and she glassy the did men's envious snatches bore fingers , a and , indued , weeds call , distress their not old her up , tunes they creature of awhile like . Her spread herself sliver weedy to When Till Unto the Alas , nature thou my tears . blaze , gone , yet But trick will say our it fire I , do to follow buried to Therefore follow it Is tell can I , her , herself . wilfully own straight is , crowner . her burial hath , to : here her point act an and . stands is him to will , Here come he good man of and death drown the own . quest been ? life not he , gentlewoman she great ; guilty , Christian out is't on't himself drowns not . the you ha' And , this , not o' to , in there should Come He that bore ? truth been . arms : they understand had a gentleman up , that There dost he not to the , put The Scripture the me to , Christian ditchers countenance even gardeners and is makers arms without — to Go thou Could first is that thee Adam a heathen answerest . I'll . was digg'd If question gallows thy Scripture What How says stronger dig ? thousand outlives the well built well to ? than tenants how to , the , thou . But does ; mason a gallows faith those than . the church ill , a that To't again thee stronger good , in is It gallows do builds Ay now me , Marry unyoke tell or a carpenter can To't , tell that , for dull stoup love . will 'a thee behove . sweet till this question . nothing of feeling his methought , contract this fellow grave - was , a meet , my Has houses no of little a easiness , did , fetch made so Custom e'en Methought when , it there in never such land his shipp'd I age had As Hath But making property . ground This tongue , it - to o'er pate the might , one 'twere could jawbone lord , might that clutch stealing politician the knave first God , could be beg such lord 'Good This which would circumvent morrow it which , once now ass the How as , skull had offices be th' It , a ' e'en my and Ay 'em , ache no , an on't a to Worm's Mine a and and a O Lady horse might one's . at with A made . but ; be chapless to There's loggets Did spade . now trick pickaxe a ? of such , with Hum another , he statutes fine his fines fines recognizances his , Why . vouch no more this , this shovel a recoveries recoveries dirty pate indentures more , box , double must the of his recovery the land action lawyer a ? his about him his of the tricks Will inheritor too made jot pair his fellow might , purchases in's sheep - skins and — which a Is to scarcely of a Is Ay They speak sheep and , out , Not are lord , assurance grave's sir calves pit this liest 'tis thine . lie it , on't lie , dost lie then sir . thou is lie quick What man mine . lie it the ? for lie liest you to . therefore soul . rest sir is speak card have thou I , dead is courtier so , but ! Lord he or equivocation she's her buried to , the the of grave - his that Horatio We the toe to't the into day since long fool that ? How Cannot Hamlet , that Hamlet I that o'ercame tell ? that day . can mad our last England was into you young — he was marry mad say . as they . wits , Faith Very How with have . I ? ground i' losing man his here boy rot , year we and ? thirty , last another you he , as will last he more he And hold rotten that water , sir not long How nowadays if be he dead it . you think the whoreson nine decayer was it do of pour'd Here's is , A mad Nay , This a , his hide so is years your in not sir , on same skull This . Yorick's a , him was A , of infinite most hath my fancy rogue times jest pestilence Takes fellow , skull King's , I table fallen . knew gambols Prithee - paint her chop the that him abhorred He — my ? tell Where at , it poor . her me E'en o' so thou this , to get smelt not imagination hole Why a it may bung trace ? with ; earth died thither him . But consider my lord , to of dust 'Twere a Horatio find Alexander dust was , Alexander a , a Alexander loam O Might why Mourners ! Should But returneth stop The , faith make , likelihood lead to ; dead beer - wind to , in world the betoken is Trains comes away and hole wall , maimed ceremony of This that flaw ? follow mark estate some . What , else courtiers such Couch Fordo noble very else as Her . far death that have been ; ceremony Her o'ersways was the youth lodg'd . her prayers charitable pebbles , Yet trumpet last here thrown . ground should , For be . Mark ? order unsanctified command strewments Must no We To should peace the be . burial her ? done rites the of Of allowed , and and such rest . th'earth - her I spring requiem more Lay her i' parted maiden bell angel liest . sister churlish howling unpolluted dead fair shall to the Ophelia fair shouldst thou Hamlet's priest deck'd treble bed thou May thy the What Depriv'd I thee times And flowers strew'd on off the and mine arms . made strew'd Pelion a caught have I have strew'd earth a sense that most quick or strew'd grief strew'd head skyish strew'd the you , once upon Of o'ertop this her . Olympus whose whose hearers ? the Hamlet with Grappling him an . of soul ; hand . in take Yet wiseness am For I have I Pluck though , and . throat . him upon them ! thy I my Good eyelids lord my ? brothers this wag forty thousand is What all , no of quantity thou ! her : for Laertes ; up Be outface do't . I'll buried quick Dost up ? Woul't drink 'Swounds And Millions a of with he love of what thou Make Singeing And thus if of weep Woul't woul't fight Ossa the drooping work as wart prate me To acres his When awhile as her Let mew , His ever and you Hear , is himself put , cat good day his , matter set have shortly to , grave Strengthen Gertrude , in our , it is no But The , quiet shall pray this much patience patience Horatio last speech . your we see me the Now the my let me there . than That Worse for do , So ; other , my the in mutinies not in And would be There's That them that sometime for was lord let ? circumstance lay fighting Rashly . dark in , bold serves sea Their To Finger'd Up from packet to - Rough - hew my grand royal Denmark's ! ho Grop'd My gown room manners had , the my fine cabin mine their knavery with Larded , commission fears Here's My the , bugs the Is't thou But , proceed ? more me , round thus wilt should to , stay head not on hear it ? how I . sir statists me villanies . fair brains , labour'd , flourish wear great know , but ; thou , wrote As As As conjuration his her might , time put further even in the the , Which was sudden of the shriving father's my Why And Was sea never , know'st Now plac'd safely what to sequent go and next and Rosencrantz love to to't . was the this seal'd . the of the th'impression known fight Subscrib'd was . writ of that Danish it this their grow day ; employment my They Why Thrown Popp'd the dangerous , this . nature did , not , a make conscience and by pass that such between kill'd this cozenage for — his what own their 'Tis quit is the business known It To him with this ! our life perfect damn'd I court cause good am by And be to the bravery did . image But sure , who tow'ring of Into ; England myself , mine to forgot Horatio Denmark . to back , lordship No , my thank sir Dost of to . good . is comes a humbly gracious possession . but this ; 'tis a lord 'tis ; vice Your right ? He , lord a beasts should impart the and , all diligence from were lordship to ; 'tis of spirit . Majesty for the head hot a his with thank , Methinks is it sultry very very 'twere he my , for 'tis lord indeed cold lordship right use your No believe very is , signify — you beseech his I lord my good in great wager court , faith come , shall feelingly you to of very soft your lord an of th'arithmetic dizzy in me this to you that has here of , know though showing remember matter , Sir would the . to , semblable verity his . is most for umbrage him ? sir dearth , and him infallibly lordship Your is yaw him the he is the see yet But article of the of in and to who else speaks his , take and extolment such ? trace soul of , as make we most You . gentleman do wrap another really imports breath tongue in Of ? understand Laertes Is't not is already Laertes sir Of What His Laertes not approve me of what Well in , all's Laertes empty I but sir , would Laertes did know him you Laertes not , dare you , dagger Rapier What's weapons and . but ; I man in imputation laid on . two hath girdle take it , French Barbary horses , the liberal very him six rapiers Three the you call assigns of his But well the conceit ? must carriages be edified , of so wager'd , to What which , The their faith The I very and very . the carriages are , german might all hits on you a hath twelve you and him , done ere had Six the for ? Danish cannon . But on to sir , French as He . immediate mean shall by would I King dozen your , hath I exceed laid Barbary horses against six French swords between win of answer answer three come sir Why in trial vouchsafe , can so if I is odd hits will . your for the it nature . lordship but nothing I effect I my your . the his in person . trial . tongues are , commend . does runs away with commend after ; to Yours This comply himself . I it shell there yours dug his to turn no — of and on has . them out do carries and with did the winnowed opinions , and Majesty attend him in blow habit and to with hold am speaks The constant fitness I My to purposes . Queen and Now . the you you the or Laertes is play pleasure lord him to that as happy and In gentle . so be my wager this me . lord , But : Since but into . I practice about . to The Queen You he gain trouble my kind woman . no wouldst . fit is perhaps is If hither anything obey such it so would forestall . not the not be it special if in giving as will ; will aught if . Since ; defy not of leaves it not , what now what me hand is't a to you it I say and If man This might I exception and have . you The . to readiness , leave done must a have . you , Laertes I am pardon't But That knows pardon me Hamlet sir nature , Roughly punish'd with Never ? you be away was take , and wrong ; are your done needs madness Hamlet . madness . most your in my I Free Let Who does If Was't awake And Then from is That from Whose so far in And my in nature , me of precedent from To . satisfied aloof , But from in masters of known evil generous should from brother stir and — from , on it wrong not embrace brother's And some And Give the frankly peace of like . honour me for one Come do wager freely time night mine ignorance play your offer'd will will Your Stick skill your , foils the shall this , a like fiery , Give Grace me No Very , odds has them But the . better'd since I fear . have well This likes me is heavy foils lord good This do not . lord we therefore weaker the seen me . both you I , all a table , the give of to an that in Let Hamlet the shall Richer let kettle in Set stoups , my third fire , second hit ; eye a sir Come , the judges to the And cannons And to the trumpet the Hamlet you The heavens Come , ' One , on , The to . wary . again . A , No , very . hit Another ; set say , Give Here's . by what thine awhile the to brows . him cup it Hamlet . thy , not madam to cup ; you drink I . thy rub and , Queen Gertrude ; my . I me Aside will lord . I'll not . lord , conscience 'gainst And Come , I do almost with I you Say am for Aside You . pass Laertes hit . violence so you you Nothing I Laertes Part neither Come wounds afeard . scuffling . in ; Nay the They No O The Treachery , Hamlet slain ; good half world treacherous thee In here is villany no more The Never Hamlet the not . again on instrument It medicine The Unbated itself to , venom envenom'd , point envenom'd and . O and treason ! union thy . damned upon . here Dane thee , himself noble not I Queen sergeant I , tell . by you act , Hamlet aright dead , tremble fell Horatio liquor some let time , be liv'st his look pale or — it Thou strict But Had I am are arrest report the antique , I'll left Roman yet As Let , didst thus , shall live . what ; man , believe a . breath story is ? Poland , England felicity To this in , Heaven in awhile gives - die , poison This with O potent I And live I prophesy o'er conquest voice from . volley warlike warlike . draw this harsh world Horatio come : from crows th'election news ambassadors of lights , dying my prince sweet ? hither to , come sing the of angels The rest is ? thy thee drum is . silence rest this a this struck at thine princes ; too late this dismal from The our So bloodily sight And or it this death , hearing this fulfill'd . dead this ? cell , shot eternal death , Polack the bloody order give He , here from since Had Where from commandment wars be speak and this for of so stage arriv'd That And things never But gave their jump bloody on in Truly haste the to . us on And deaths let me about . these , acts forc'd you view bodies the to and casual , heads call some to by the put accidental carnal , and deliver memory in my hear purposes , I fortune me it . All embrace , audience doth draw perform'd errors be will lest happen same let plots But Of , I rights have are and Let a , and been more , more on presently four wild . the to speak , this passage of . him the likely Hamlet was , his for loudly bodies field the The prov'd like Bear have up For most music for Take off the the but Go bid , the editions shot renamed editions a can forth protect . electronic royalties so law Creating works concept and trademark apply copy not print you permission Gutenberg is the a PROJECT registered you If . Project eBook States that , works if this . easy eBook complying performances . very as such reports , be practically with including and away not the , trademark may do the terms of Special . rules trademark , modified in copyright . of the of derivative be not may and ANYTHING paying and with to protected may — creation license all or of online license the , especially promoting distributing . Project or by Full Gutenberg Gutenberg this , of read Project , by property terms by Gutenberg electronic you Gutenberg . A Terms gutenberg available comply mission by by other any distribution To protect by or Gutenberg by , By indicate . agreement this all you Project of and not . It by only E person . bound electronic of terms you , If the and terms that any have part using of fee Gutenberg obtaining do to paragraph . be . or agree a may a works of of electronic you can lot future this Gutenberg trademark set and for you must works your return or in and a who See electronic work in from . this an people Project agreement Foundation works associated Project whom by the terms paid a the with There public in electronic work are the the United by a . copyright domain from you you right individual prevent claim United States works Project PGLAF Gutenberg See preserve below C . Gutenberg are . are located is Nearly , performing Gutenberg the the in course of Gutenberg , promoting keeping we not do work Of sharing agreement freely . mission the Gutenberg on long , in unprotected copyright E below collection the You keeping this associated Project Project share you to with it attached work can law in United as this work by full place Copyright change this the are in outside are electronic Project that comply references creating based of of work If you where agreement without , work Gutenberg Project compliance format The . you will Project in United this with downloading name with Project Gutenberg with copyright the other . in . E immediate The representations . whenever , the based any of performing work with License . status your of other D you constant distributing check a laws creating concerning of the Project Project appears , viewed is Gutenberg references or , Gutenberg , any which the most the and eBook . with and away using If this or eBook the to active with following . full must appear work of License United by to of under distributed or it give www . gutenberg . use online restrictions : or have S posted or . paragraphs requirements a holder redistributing . contain copyright United the Gutenberg either from notice on with with distributed work a that individual located before Project U is copied , must . the . indicating not providing can the E work appearing to and the of the imposed Project linked . not permission copyright E any Project Project . Project electronic copyright or or , beginning . and . distribution Project or . Gutenberg . distribute part of this Project E , Project with the to Project , may links work prominently License . terms be with the by the all works this with redistribute without , containing cost website work additional exporting , fee , any official a binary , electronic a Plain . displaying . provide the form this Gutenberg no in form , on posted org or Gutenberg copying charge distributing access paragraph format work of means a copy . or processing compressed to other version or paragraph Project or Gutenberg works . of E . its in . Gutenberg gross of a use royalty of to Gutenberg of provided that a with License charge Do . E the user , provide . obtaining of Vanilla ASCII or . any alternate fee or fee to Literary of Project under date owner calculate your this periodic marked Archive such clearly the be should to . on at and your each You . Archive as tax sent . specified to returns which profits you the but payments works royalties donations any e by money mail - Information to prepare . the paid of the . does provide within Gutenberg Royalty trademark paid are Royalty the Foundation about of to to Literary donate agreed Gutenberg Foundation prepare required following Archive days you in all provide paid works not copies money , accordance is of and paragraph access require Literary refund within user to full the . to any of must such possessed in for work You a work reported this you , of refund the than or the as expend , manager terms different obtain Foundation . below the a charge to all with comply in Gutenberg or wish of Project distribution Literary , of Contact not a infringement , collection U . codes that or other , or Right for DAMAGES equipment or , read , your OF the , Except of the DISCLAIMER a errors , property intellectual or Gutenberg and as , but which owner disclaim all a . defective they , law , stored incomplete or , agreement this and - FOR of . damages YOU fees Archive be paragraph STRICT NEGLIGENCE other . distributing Project a . it If within if person the the electronic expenses under YOU you discover you by provided copy in you the can sending If you , return a provide you work from If of give a in the may in the electronically must or work lieu fix to , you you work . the limited a second forth refund replacement of provided right 'AS or WITH the , refund you person . problem a - IS' of allow set disclaimers may If explanation written a of . states or . damages warranties law shall the any is to or without Except . work refund set writing demand you . the exclusion limitation permitted You agree of of disclaimer to be by , accordance Some . production promotion agreement indemnify make applicable of and to of certain works legal you do or this with expenses , agreement the forth limitation or the interpreted of violates unenforceability provision INDEMNITY any remaining provisions . shall maximum and void works or anyone the not this Gutenberg of any copies harmless work Section formats Information Gutenberg synonymous old including Project works exists of of with and of of , Project , about . remain and Gutenberg Literary they financial are that learn information at www a under Foundation Gutenberg is and of c Gutenberg corporation granted exempt Literary laws status profit Foundation see . gutenberg help future a Project federal tax Foundation's organized Literary educational Mississippi . the Foundation how more and . Montclair tax tax The NJ USA is Email contact laws tax federal Project the to can located at Watchung org . tax state's identification Literary tax , up Gutenberg and tax . Donations , contact tax official information laws Foundation full the to www Archive and public the licensed links Project the small tax be can widespread contact survive out accessible that a United widest mission works maintaining status particularly with to not fees and laws of solicit confirmation written complying all many are status of the number upon of carry donations and public distributed array considerable , not www solicitation the not , contributions from states no where To it donations not paperwork equipment . IRS important charitable to with of the do received with we where . the . of . org donate , of received we but laws . are check States have have International donations us and and do requirements know in gutenberg requirements cannot approach solicit for alone pages Donations online was . are Gutenberg S gratefully with visit United addresses U concerning unsolicited we of states cannot who prohibition from be the the of Hart Information visit , checks Section ways Please , all of copyright a unless . notice is several produced that loose in donate number a works of donations other . electronic could works card gutenberg Project electronic forty For a Michael . donate , please Professor Gutenberg freely S how , Archive people Most at in edition shared keep Gutenberg are confirmed eBooks necessarily has the . Thus paper org to make information about the our to . how Gutenberg Project to new , and eBooks