answer carefully . hour . King and ? there Who's ! night meet rivals If , Horatio good For Have And you I I And , liegemen my has , this . night reliev'd you who honest place tonight ? fantasy . of him , apparition not And us , down again assail , against have nights fortified let Last that's of westward us course burns it yond When Peace thee off King dead . Mark Horatio it with to spoke , Horatio of night . to ? be would . King this and of warlike I offended . away charge See What Together How now not this something You , on't and and , What I might this . true ! eyes avouch . believe ? pale ! parle had : King combated ice angry . on ; armour he . Norway when before stalk , at hath thought and scope he gone our work gross the But In What such why same the strict and and me eruption strange most of sit bodes , And such mart , this the labourer can implements daily impress night joint inform goes Fortinbras us Our to appear'd now from Sunday that is't the might be Who That can most known which our world a to had which return'd , Fortinbras those , in who law of all compact esteem'd a , a Hamlet pride emulate our with Against Which the combat his ; by of this this stood by the which inheritance vanquisher the gaged Was To unimproved And he Had But And terms to well appear lawless , land lands it , the preparations I head enterprise hand in but like portentous the so : the King figure these . eye this and our through armed I source Is main motive watch be watch other no question of so the and mote it is high ere stood the and palmy and to of fell Rome . the trouble is was A That little with trains of in the and Neptune's precurse stands moist the of like almost influence ; and dews of star , again comes Stay of be to earth and grace thing , earth the to whose earth even harbingers prologue Unto our to earth If earth , O hast earth treasure , earth For Shall We To do it 'Tis offer speak to it a then god with Awake , that and , or , fire lofty is , Th'extravagant This , present , object crowing 'gainst that season ; long , planets dare charm power no stir . time to night hath gracious , witch and , hallow'd takes nights , It Some our Wherein bird they are and heard , the , we the our o'er watch us Let Break Walks Do you I loves , fitting our acquaint us ; we our my with him consent spirit This , and Cornelius , Lords most conveniently , brother's and , of yet hearts one and our contracted , think , warlike weighing and with now hath remembrance sorrow , To Therefore That we with a which have herein our delight ; wife , jointress this one to thinking Now He father Importing not Colleagued hath all those us of bonds for lands with advantage , law meeting : is business most the brother Fortinbras , writ : much of his of brother's young disjoint by a that Or state , you our out to by the , surrender this our late pester valiant for time . message this with his ; in : and , of , Giving To You For to subject full and further , articles haste and . all , will show duty the . dispatch are proportions dilated your nothing Laertes us told it farewell duty ? Laertes with to reason , to offer of the thou my be speak some of not of Denmark have , to not native voice , now You lose You By my lord I ; wrung laboursome seal'd you beseech I Upon fair thy But And bow them your , leave time and , i' much am thy at still thy like eye cast ever with thy . off colour vailed in a friend hang than that , and Denmark die , thy all that the on nighted common through to lids father nature 'Tis not Nay , forc'd in visage solemn , eye , grief ; show man a the which might , suits . woe , father Hamlet your ; of a and nature , trappings the sweet It A shows impious In do obsequious filial must For , your sorrow heart understanding . But to course heaven ; to thing peevish a be simple , incorrect unmanly a , common grief as is unschool'd impatient 'Tis most vulgar our , still and who pray till he We ' absurd , a to sense fault that , for ; father . fathers must 'This a the fault to Take To of most heart reason so most nobility father bears in . dearest to to you school bend retrograde your desire Wittenberg intent take , cousin , remain : eye our our to cousin you Wittenberg madam and of cousin our son Hamlet . cousin whereof tell again , cousin cousin cousin , melt ! dew ! world O unprofitable would the King's - Re that Seem on't grows Possess Hyperion might face a That Must what By me Let Like , Would , God all she , little , followed — no with discourse shoes , ere my wants , of mine she , reason a her wicked incestuous sheets , good come for tongue . uncle my unrighteous galled : ever good my Sir And The Horatio , poor your , lord Wittenberg change what am But very A , good disposition Against Nor But teach My you . it make do , to your I is what mock , my , Did my Horatio to was not , Indeed My him he for was him upon his a again like . Horatio all . my , I saw in take I , Saw The lord With God's the ear admiration of to Two Marcellus encounter'd the Been Armed exactly A on the , watch father , walk'd , distill'd , whilst the length them by oppress'd his By Goes and not to - them and at Appears Stand Where And lord third , kept they the ; your like where ? to did it morning the it lord Did My , like sound the up it then motion it think did To know writ honour'd it let , live do I Indeed you and watch sirs the BARNARDO this in , 'tis ? you . me . my , say say Then saw you head , say My , look'd , lord say What yes say say A my I would It upon you there amaz'd . might tell like very While one beard was grizzled saw't and longer . A seen , no . it you long . it walk again ; tonight . his sable will you I warrant 'twill I understanding shall itself I will . to have eleven . ye twelve , farewell . well , were will rise night , Farewell benefit , blood that give winds , assistant is Do and not perfume more , fashion youth No and in a it A violet permanent Hold but and For now withal inward thews wide And crescent it No besmirch loves mind alone , far if he act of choice on unvalu'd for of his own , but is choice ; birth and head wisdom his songs . withal his honour you may is and he it you loves sister . importunity sustain rear unmaster'd , your , his heart Denmark says body , of to be dew in else good heart my th'effect best , then itself though safety this rebels , morn before in oft As the a puff'd of to shall me his Show Do recks and reckless dalliance . comes his his . his my grace , aboard a Give . his character thou Nor thou any , in of his precepts There . unproportion'd familiar thou unto not - thine censure habit in fancy in itself a and be rank lender nor loses : all own self day true be the night husbandry in ; of man . my shall The Most Farewell , touching he hath well Marry hath , Farewell , yourself , please So ? truth honour clearly on . you tell your me late , like you them ? what , I . perilous speak You in tenders tenders ta'en sterling , you Marry That Which , crack ; true pay dearly poor tender wind Tender of fool lord . go , love , to fashion . honourable springes , Ay Believe Than And not believe be with to a must Even Than your Be But much a him at your From presence rate Hamlet young he he . of implorators vows you larger of For higher may is , are show suits pious bawds all leisure moment unholy , Ophelia ways cold is it ; very air forth lord . Hamlet Lord ; my , charge shall nipping bites obey Indeed ? I heard spirit , of twelve is lacks I think it . draws to held this wake drains drum and his pledge custom marry Is mind a it though , breach to And birth some for in Since The vicious and our them , origin some of ; that and nature particular attribute of though ; addition clepe Soil our our us That their So By their man as the , pales choose cannot o'ergrowth habit of I the too much one stamp , of pure star take The censure be Being Doth my Look , fault particular Angels thou all Hath thee up cast To thus the we fools nature shape me , the ponderous ! and do did with it desire horridly So dead the of in mean of ? As if it To with to go more with you beckons do waves It Look ; then means removed . some alone courteous a you no by will lord speak not But will be at can as , base dreadful might o'er assume your some madness ? his tempt to again should life do immortal what me a thing , waves you there beetles deprive Which very draw And Go And so more into , me say am heaven I'll I As hardy as ghost on with desperate , him a make He Have Let's thus to Denmark Mark flames . Must , poor but not unfold ghost will hour I When My Pity , revenge thou So Doom'd for I art and Make harrow I To could tell burnt Till And the purg'd foul secrets a certain confin'd father's spirit walk fast that I term . my to But away of freeze like ; soul thy up thy Would But each If thou this quills eternal blazon blood didst and flesh most ! murder foul , in the Murder foul as , best and unnatural as love . revenge my or strange meditation to May know't ease , in than Lethe ease . in that but a Now ease wit , with ease that have traitorous beast ease . thy of thou ease soul adulterate lust , power shameful the virtuous off , radiant celestial bed ; angel to with even were poor decline the be mov'd , will , air within the Sleeping scent the morning stole ears blood of effect did a ; posset milk , dispatch'd sin smooth ; be of royal nature ! my O imperfections smooth horrible not in thee luxury thou smooth howsoever couch A O smooth thy But Against not , her her smooth ! thee leave pursu'st act incest smooth damned this to those mother thy and for Adieu The To prick glow to adieu . matin be once , sting And and the Let 'gins adieu ? hell my while , Ay me Remember thee ? seat ? heart Hold Remember memory holds memory records thee , my of . stiffly table globe , brain villain and it live there pressures a , heaven alone forms trivial fond ; my a come . lord noble lord ? bird Come my lord my ! wonderful my I How say Ay There's a he's , my lord , so your is ; we hath business more are us this an arrant , the at all , you part and ; right part , point desire shall for and , and whirling offend they , my no too . know Saint , much an are Give my one . And what between tell me . now , scholars let is that desire you For O'ermaster't As Never I , Upon sworn We sword sword lord , swear't . faith , under my have boy Never to Swear speak Beneath ? hither hands of speak your ubique Come Swear Well ! mole Once ! by . Swear remove , work worthy pioner night your heaven a but How perchance hereafter antic phrase doubtful 'We or of some seeing this , me meet shall might' we if they not you . would' , never - shake , if head ambiguous mercy at me be , do , spite . together . Reynaldo behaviour his shall Before Give do I how By What That they do encompassment drift of , expense Paris ; they question his friends . of . lord you part 'I particular 'twere him' thus know at son , what and distant demands some his your Take 'And and and and Ay and or , gaming As and , lord must You no , meaning they That and , But seem : assault my A and may open the general mind of . you should good fiery liberty a unreclaimed blood ? that . working th' of warrant drift here's , my a sullies little you , ' or 'gentleman' — I consequence ' , ' ' ? as ; marry 'I t'other perchance or of and — reach and , me have lecture advice you ? bias assays with of , You , My wi' you I lord lord son by indirections With By Shall my . my yourself . his ply . the , what's was I , lord the sewing doublet , in of unbrac'd foul'd stockings ankle , it , the seek itself of King me on shoulder eyes help , did mad with me given good His That that him . of but made hath . beyond for ourselves proper But . thee quoted am No That does afflict access did I wreck it seems sorry not And More to than being go the to might ! heed fear'd I common . discretion As This , Moreover that we sending hasty Of , Since , Hamlet's Resembles , So much from that , Welcome we have much did long , youth his brought here by and may to in occasion pleasures aught , I whom And To sure , he hath , your to days your rest so to on from to , much talk'd If men are of not will , such majesties of bent feet . at and gentle and Guildenstern Thanks And Put by the Might , Than your dread We our up service both to entreaty , obey full the of you practices . where some Hamlet our good of my good news our Ay : lunacy have , liege . hear feast long to . mine . I this of brain found them bring queen your the son's he that all and to fruit to , but other our o'erhasty marriage head The , grace me hath main from what sent out ? sift friends ! Say Upon fair of he levies Most , greetings , to and to Polack he 'gainst into Highness age , he Norway and arrests out griev'd found the preparation so his look'd against which in sickness was That Was Receives Fortinbras On falsely Makes Whereon So With might your , Polack soldiers fee joy overcome before you further with his before vow give To it an And him three thousand to , herein to are us set your night welcome , Answer As please dominions consider'd at Most , more think This business , to . is time , time and , night since the night , what expostulate . of true ? madness mad , day , night majesty , And Were day is What day let Mad That That pity is Madam use use But And we rather use use use celestial , ill use an To Hath use the given me phrase phrase and and and and and Came and this : Doubt , that I This they how by out All given above obedience And am ill dear most , hath , place , him ; think wing you on the my his precepts thy : gave sight , of I from her , star . fast , dumb , this now thence no of to advice make , declension tale resort tokens bespeak , by a short then into . ' . all madness you , very likely I , lead , prov'd When That Take this circumstances truth I such may a . so ''Tis positively Where this if will . otherwise were it I ? hours does behind not , him to arras love fall'n state daughter then , wretch O I , sadly will be my good does Lord . beseech . try poor do presently mercy my . You Excellent my . a are lord , so lord ? be picked being , dead , That's breed my goes . is to dog ? blessing a lord — a in maggots you true Have have I lord . look a suffered . was . Friend What — He my to't . my , Still may harping Conception . he truly And this I'll at words who read says wrinkled satirical that is I mean , words Between are that and . sir beards the you purging lack plentiful ; which slave their old and , my as , sir I not . have a if like lord there yet air . of between humbly most meeting delivered madness . I will my willingly life ; Hamlet is there sir fools you . the . How dear lord seek the Polonius are , Ah ? how , lord good As excellent in Neither the waist soles , her we in , lord , But your but that she , the question at Let ? hither you prison . one my Prison is Then which the world many . lord is is . it nothing too I that , for the dream . a outstretch'd my . not , is craft you of our could were hold , discovery have all custom that this it of action of this , Lenten the peace ; freely halt freely shall freely the of freely freely freely and . city ? are not they wonted How endeavour , little clapped stages goose of afraid berattle are , afterwards , there , sin bid Ay not , a something is appurtenance garb fairly welcome a a mad a a a Guildenstern a see there second comes My The actors are Buzz , my honour his ass , tragedy for , tragical individable or poem the men , hadst the too only a treasure are what my , he more ' daughter not ? right , my Jephthah of the my , masters to me old ! Denmark to What is to was nearer ? face your God Pray am . For glad Thy . you , like is friend chopine . like cracked straight e'en . What cried scenes there the matters , for once general such sallets method . and thereabout of in wholesome it , make as in as and others your in One honest , in in — remember I phrase in , in in live fine in slaughter Priam's this line let to handsome no remember savoury the author and Black When Hath With Now is of fathers impasted with mothers gules . black dismal total , a murders vile And thus With So spoken , the gore , sons foot smear'd , streets horridly damned parching daughters light and wrath a and in hellish finds and sword him . command finds to Th'unnerved Seeming Pyrrhus' was finds Of So , as reverend finds a a Priam finds as often finds With less And On Doth A The him , Out him As rend hush in the anon him so new a dreadful thunder , him pause work fall him , proof gods , him , of long too to As the spokes tale come robe , flames the — clamour . let clamour sport did sword Pyrrhus themselves clamour clamour them burning bestowed out clamour has milch move of things instant clamour mortal clamour the made better have abstracts you a ? of Do . his desert after honour bounty play play you Can my , could you I , good welcome my , what it O in from That Tears in his What's That Had I The , A very , Like And John , can - say , damn'd , defeat my by , off the to as 'Swounds deep , am make To I should this slave's , an son a to my scullion a - the guilty , creatures very so have my ! brain the . I'll father players ; seen the of cunning to it I'll quick the If that devil have but his I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll , melancholy spirits circumstance of of ? lunacy this on puts by you he he feels madness to . disposition forcing of his reply him assay so fell free in , way . that Of these kind a about They . in seem did there hear We o'er my To To gentlemen his We shall Gertrude closely , accident for these . too Hamlet , unseen here , espials lawful love be I obey frankly behav'd . for do happy , cause your . way hope wish I Gracious exercise Ophelia oft that action devil The is O deed ugly cheek Aside O to Is harlot's , to heavy . coming hear withdraw most , painted give true . too my To Or arrows nobler not 'tis The That to , ay 'tis , to dreams , the , the may mortal There's this — die To , respect . of the , wrong oppressor's For pangs of insolence That he ? Who office , the law's unworthy whips after life death a something whips under dread undiscover'd But whips whips The whips whips And Thus enterprises thus with o'er of regard sicklied With And the this of Nymph , thy . re . aught gave words again poor to ; well you did mind compos'd right know so There ha Are lord What That beauty , to a into but What are At fool Farewell ! house , home , O go ice , as : know wise a to fool , a nunnery for ; and powers I'll no nickname more the rest shall marriages make more noble , and rose of , ladies fashion the honey most all , suck'd of jangled sweet That Like Now of , O The And I of observers That Blasted form that and of noble I affections ? Love what O'er Thus Was he And I Nor You heard But We need Let you from Of To England Madness It ones be so unwatch'd go , I had torrent in saw players you , trippingly me passion , groundlings o'erdoing it avoid inexplicable of the fellow - but whipped honour your Pray nothing - may say give of . the not o'erstep ; Herods - would - his time from - the playing , 'twere , cannot Now as . the image , overdone , the have it speak that not to nor them gait I the made — be the the the the the not and the , clowns play be . that and hasten GUILDENSTERN . them ? help you and , ROSENCRANTZ , ho service conversation cop'd just lord as my , As , hast I should the crook may was of dear And No and That For clothe do what advancement , may revenue thee let Hath Hast As And Where ta'en sound To That Whose That is A one , man my is mine Do Observe with uncle the . very itself a not my eyes are we his one in that of thy soul a is . lord this pay I place . Hamlet and Guildenstern Enter our King a , I play flourish . chameleon's will Queen others cousin feed now mine nothing , promise - crammed : you Hamlet ? a good once play'd . you accounted , my lord th'university To I enact Julius , nor No you . I and did you you What you me they Hamlet you dear so ready lord my , you good shall lie ho you here's Lady here's here's I here's Do , No here's , here's my . lord meant fair What is to , my thought between lie That's , my my lord lord . merry You Nothing ? maker , 'tis let the two ! heavens memory only your jig ? sables there's with , churches and for O not . year he But Then a yet a shall O suffer and takes fellow , him comes King's makes passionate bank and , comes , or dead the Anon Queen the Lays . unto ! is or of pours dead finds four three of leaves him poison King body loth his the She of gifts with lament Queen crown kisses asleep upon of head , him his She declines , and seeing his King of , off takes . She of seeming woos with Poisoner Queen The The returns with . some it , carried Mutes The but in awhile unwilling . in keep means . the argument . this what it show tell . clemency : you to Here We beg us naught , you'll a About , me cheer . Yet from o'er most , moons ground did bands sacred Hymen our , and are your ; there : grows love great the littlest are so , quantity you . made fear my hath is fear . shortly love . bed . break kisses speak kisses , I The second kisses When second Are kisses But I kisses what Purpose But kisses pay to ending violence passion Their The That Whether hitherto lead loves not joy most joys a even This Grief world great The Where , joy is grieves aye our fortune favourite : change , love friends mark or enemies fortune of , tend a friend light second of . no , destroy joy lasting me , well pursue no cheer desperation To But Nor no no Each and to Sport no Meet no To Ophelia spirits My 'Tis Sleep come day , brain fain here it leave and , tedious , us . would play , in't th' of : a world Baptista that Let o' . his the play is work it touches name This ? offence but are unwrung us what wife image . and , take and murderer , to croaking Begin apt , rank mixture Hecate's season , thrice , The . how see . name's of love the choice . estate life murderer gets the You ? lord my What fares King for's His . Gonzago's very in and written How Give , this not thou A , turn shoes ; the world Provincial players , dear share know realm A I'll , O whole , O reigns was Damon I . rhymed You the have a . pound . well Upon did the if ! then ha , belike . it not music me vouchsafe , some he , Come , King , sir marvellous With doctor Your , lord put me No ? with choler rather drink , to richer purgation my from your . pronounce sir , I right your the . be sent , great most . your The , not answer shall but matter . or wit's ? But as , such , say there sequel no and amazement ere go admiration you mother . bed Have ? is , mother my this this her this this closet our this mother's ? this did these liberty that this upon my Good door How while the , sir , Ay recover Let but O understand that Will not cannot I play me with withdraw Denmark is love this upon a do toil . you I me Believe as I lying with . cannot pray I it do : your you of . Look . breath no as know any command how would it ? speak much a there make is than you can you and cannot on fret cannot Call , my music me lowest you a know sound cannot But me , played ; you My , is it Methinks you Queen like a , speak that's in you shape of indeed . like like They . and like like top the me fool . like like come . Leave itself on soul cruel of me O I this such lose Let speak in Would And do look , to to . Soft this not . yawn , Now world quake The will My How give To To shall I like let shall And shall We shall Hazard The shall shall Dies What's now Which For we ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN , you the whose Are Did but Attends Arm but but us free to , you 'Tis but meet of but I'll she'll audience them . makes some but , lord hear My as And speech The , Though I offence dear , hath A And , stronger thicker in like inclination murder be as Pray curse Thanks O My To But it ere the Forgive corrupted for be past being down , visage of the twofold to fall serves offence , up come Then ? O But , cannot I am still my world can What can ? death , to , angels black as be Make babe steel of assay when when may and Help that , state when wretched what give Even when when Art more stubborn soft when Bow All as heaven With , At And When Up And And his And And And rises And my up fly Words My King He his straight to to you broad me heaven remain with , bear between him below , the mother hear not . tongue . idle with hast , wicked . not ? your by , set you glass . a ho you not you up part of inmost budge Thou I till not you do thou wilt What , I . rash it bloody and , King ? Take some danger fortune fool intruding you , farewell — shall sit so for . heart of penetrable thy , so it made your be custom have find'st Thou Ay Polonius I Thou Leave If That be for thee wringing have What done an and blush grace , hypocrite blister fair blurs it virtue Calls That In And as dicers' act takes there . an against ? love modesty rose , Such Ay roars thought this from the sets the soul of As false , loud The what See of mass doom ? brow thunders compound doth . set and heaven the to the Mars curls New A combination god To Where lighted world husband A Hyperion's eye That so this grace station like was wholesome this you your . now a , hill , man what mildew'd eyes ? command himself , brothers seated front a a Look Look give on You - this to motion Look ; Ha a form to like for , it's you seal indeed a Look this it could Look reserv'd have ne'er . hoodman - but was some at Look , a Could blood mountain leave that have eyes ? judgement what and : ecstacy difference feeling eyes or hands without a mope so Or Nor But in hath , thrall'd so blind sight true blush , shame will as compulsive in flaming thou Rebellious mutine her Since To frost youth When Thou there not see will tinct black leave , I their live . soul and such , into speak Nay enseamed making love Hamlet in sty to of , Over the O , twentieth villain me more ; kings of vice ; honeying the words No speak These slave A that A ! more A shelf the precious a and rule wings your ! and hover Alas come you , he's ! your would guards me o'er me patches shreds mad tardy your blunted mother thy O important time of ! lets passion your gracious What But say to in O forget whet to Do not step look , is't do bodies ? soul bodies . visitation , alarm vacancy , bodies , her weakest , do bodies at as the And Upon the bodies with how eyes you , you your bend bodies , discourse the gentle of distemper , incorporal with peep thy Whereon the spirits excrements , he look I perchance this , upon have ? you see that you hear convert you piteous this effects yet you Do nothing you it he his there goes where look , you out as ! the at you you . nothing now , all at you ? madness temperately in . of bodiless yours This Why Look father in habit ! very Is Ecstasy Bring - is creation cunning . It keep time , ecstasy matter gambol I My but my place soul to your madness film corruption unseen Would It that past Confess will not not from will for to within , good him , your me love , do pardon , virtue weeds ; times it my heart , who fair , frock Refrain a of have sense not with hast woo for to . bed on put , you to of half part the But virtue , And Assume habits to And almost are next that aptly That That He use And this livery and doth eat easiness tonight yet angel With To blessing ; but . potency I'll I That wondrous when beg abstinence change , kind . either shall lend curb do be . and , heaven . For well minister this scourge cruel more shall means What , by , Thus I wanton And let your for bloat this Not word So to lady kind good answer will only worse , matter madness know , a bat let of you you ? again , out his bed : wise ? house's secrecy in you sober , his him , so gib pair with all am , breath to neck conclusions own words , And To Such who For Be Let the , thou of assur'd breath try to England I know Alack forgot as and it I There's . letters marshal 'tis , sport the me : my will Let adders I , knavery work , hard . must have 't O they 'Tis mandate and crafts shall the . my concluded , their , sweet go 'tis at I one me set lug Mother them his trust to yard packing fang'd ; way you . knave toward . one night most a draw matter translate in must There's Is Come , now I'll Good to life , night in was Bestow Where these sir , out And in The , cries 'A stir , apprehension man . rat arras the his Whips with been good heavy , threats ; brainish there . had To how brainish kept , this to . young It hearing In his a brainish ' ! brainish been ? brainish haunt of our he is let most fit , brainish feed Where what , was it ore for body itself Shows whom a the life divulging But , would like it understand of metals , disease foul of owner not short have must we ship sooner He mineral very of pith on O'er apart Among him go and with , our Friends countenance both But will O . away and , you hath . And him , And untimely them done know whisper level as As what's o'er , to world's haply diameter , away name , slander blank miss so Gertrude the his Transports And My O woundless his soul is the the we both we'll , call And poison'd . the Who Within Hamlet calls , it dead come . take 'tis body . stowed may chapel it here , O with on have What done dust , whereto ? it . own mine Believe Tell can — what replication me that I of sir But a ; like , them an . corner what he when , do a of , sponge and , sponge Ay glad . last you Take you be dry it the officers , swallowed for up soaks such ape must it tell the with lord : you in my . gleaned shall body King all . to ! eyes , body loose him : the find , thing him him , and . after strong the the all but , are desperate even we their judgement distracted law to away . befall'n lord from is , guarded , lord But Without , us ? he in politic Not your else him fat beggar creatures all where worms We to one Alas the service dishes variable . is us Your he At may man and fat , eaten fat only your and worm ? Where . ourselves end is . alas the with What hath of by . of how you hath eat a beggar ? the Polonius of worm of eat ! within Nothing Send month To to place seek i' , as . you him Hamlet For , this your nose we fiery quickness the — and . thou this stay The Th'associates is hast will that deed With tend ready which done , For sees see Thy But if Ay England Hamlet a My that . mother flesh is thou mother . is , at , else Father and him Delay loving mother my on foot have everything for if thereof thou thy and thy and , sword Danish the , homage After it Tempt ; and give free it effect , England 'tis . me hectic of to that blood I ne'er he were . in love my yet The Pays cure letters must my that Tell Go conveyance promis'd Fortinbras . rages know , haps like present thou the death For my my , king us , Danish a know with ? these are are you ? lord them of I , Poland of Poland . farm name not Pole ; in be never should it Norway defend it it . this straw wealth question twenty will the rate will , no five already sold I shows thousand and the th'imposthume man . b' please you with spur all straight . Go ? cause no thank and , humbly wi' , you , sir be on thinking Bestial fust he made , such A market and feed us with do good and and after ? large us it wisdom , charge , me exhort and know not to , unsure event dare straw then great , to and and puff'd How mother shame fame for , plot men , thousand I stain'd , forth a time worth her distract pitied What not is her have . Spurns i' with will mood Her She botch hearers words Which And as Indeed carry tricks The would Yet and they gestures might speaks straws sense were she good her come ill sure think nods ; use unshaped world there and nothing , yield , move doth . of it speech is own , the , one as prologue Though nothing , artless in itself is soul seems So To sick spoken conjectures full Alas How his staff . this , Ophelia I , dead He , green one and ? know love mark lady gone and stone Ophelia turf , pray dead a heels a , Nay White ! do With true sweet grave love , all you say How pretty be at Lord , they : baker's not go table what his . donn'd door , ask be God your but , means All is in To he Then words the And Never make Valentine morning Saint Valentine's . a , maid your a I in By Alack men and an clothes , me before they , sun ; to't me . yonder my if Indeed , Quoth , How would I You well I good night she you him sweet your good . Come my shall My ? ground good she , by you she . for , it to so she grief single ; she , her give ; is come own his Of she your , gone the people inter ; unwholesome just First O in But For Next All from his and the Without Last When her death father's herself and we fair pictures much not Wherein With ear Will nothing . And , hugger , Divided pestilent speeches himself father's arraign this beggar'd his ear clouds , Gertrude to infect keeps his our dear of , my piece me murdering of is , the my Feeds on wants is , Eats ocean Save flats , him now in , offices The , not rabble ratifiers as O'erbears Than Laertes with a overpeering call Laertes applaud it with ' the king word known to begin , shall ! props haste . with head ' , with is counter , with king doors Sirs . broke , with king No in is How be the false are without vile O . stand . will . good father Laertes door the will , me We , me brands unsmirched bastard thou the my thy What cuckold of Calmly my to That Cries father , brow : Let Do . rebellion looks but incens'd Where is it Laertes Gertrude , king , go . Vows ? I'll profoundest I to the give point to , reveng'd negligence be I'll only . pit ! my ; throughly I father you shall Most will Who for my means worlds come Let My And far not in certainty with little . and friend ? both know death will his but None Winner father's sweepstake If dear , They your Good to , them with my - rendering blood true it . speak father's gentleman . I'll Repast like most as level sensibly thus kind you and judgement for , and now child Why and I And That Like a and good shall As and and It Should Dear Nature sends After By our Till O is , rain'd , my grave you wits could you and a a , on it and , love in fine , false - thus steward his ' revenge — bier - nothing's is rosemary There's remembrance is than him . persuade . This It more thoughts , pansies there it grace o' that's , madness and of There's herb . matter . for your violets fennel . with but , call , in that's We my There's my for . my some must here's made say They . prettiness , my I father may rue my a bonny turns my thy no will His He Go will affliction sweet my And He She and to ? again death . moan come flaxen beard never was , we you I , of God And Christian All gone mercy God wi' will give b' . is he Do right your you kingdom O , commune whom choice they you Be And They us touch'd to shall we heard , give lend ; that we bones ostentation burial , earth — your with content ; not your jointly , direct , Let sword I shall in to fall . heaven , axe the you as so due it To So pray with me , his be this means , No noble , nor let Sailors What go is And let let I from come with let . let let the me . from greeted God you There's thee , th'ambassador comes , should let when , from shall fellows I bless bless him days chase , to old and the I the ship , so grapple too King Horatio , am please 'Horatio . sea ourselves them have overlooked know a for you , Ere gave compelled got to I ; dumb thee as knew of alone But the make . thou them sail They thou were a appointment put , this , give him for . what the Guildenstern hold have we us . did have I , They the On their King . boarded have have too . way way Now you must heard which hath you you much Rosencrantz . I way To Sith my me and Pursu'd way That put you you your with these seal way . tell in so and by As way your So to for , up . strong you O . appears well crimeful mainly were wisdom capital not are ; it for two Which yet , safety proceeded against , mother sphere which myself and The either life be reasons much Queen and their turneth to his love spring graces timber'd gyves his Too for , like the Why great to had I desperate , again them , lost , bear gender faults ; reverted where that slightly Convert And think we not Break her A your I , if praises may of my our pastime your , that That of that will come the You and hear you Hamlet ? from — imagine to to them ; brought this ; From Sailors Letters This now , What lord your , were him that am know He . the ! Of I asking Leave them on of come back ? my When your . your naked the , strange shall . I . such ' . ' 'Naked occasions eyes kingly you abuse ? pardon your lost am I warms in postscript you lord me ? him But his Laertes ? be it Will how . sickness , Can a shall That I should As you it If you own To It the and diest so my How my his undertake it . be he in my ripe voyage If checking thine And his exploit to at my my my him work my the it organ be . fall my , I rather My call devise right sum shine in Did And have say be the your since of talk'd It you pluck , accident it lord you And will could him my that unworthiest of that siege , envy from regard , of , riband too and Here part is , one that A Than seen myself , serv'd He unto , Normandy his his less youth , lord no wears , natur'd my . tricks of what grew . on this seat horse - brought been in the I've gentleman such had That forgery doing he and of brave As And witchcraft and was demi but far . in't wondrous . brooch nation . and shapes was't Norman Norman indeed you gave And That He you so envenom wish but . them had could he art 'twould The guard with , of sight defence , especially be , report indeed a your beg — sorrow a , this their report most nothing this , his , nation eye of him motion neither swore Now sudden coming out this to of father you ask you , of this a ? begun by time snuff is should hath wick lives that I father proof it goodness we , it love pleurisy would 'would' this . that flame fire like growing we 'should' But what words in back yourself Hamlet comes this More do and are is , accidents spendthrift as sanctuarize i' his than should place To No Will , murder abatements , do And close the , fine excellence , th' should . you double heads from a not We'll Hamlet Revenge this good come , father Requite will , of being within those a you , bring praise know shall return'd gave on put Frenchman set A sword with peruse your you in fame I'll anoint my knife rare thing have death slightly my from it , that withal if death this of be further , him touch point , means should bad our If of , this . cunnings second . on that — hold and your . performance , what Weigh If 'Twere better drift convenience our or . through shape not back , are Soft time . look in blast assay'd see dry have hot , drown'd , they If So follow fast Your hold ? a leaves , give men's her them boughs pendant to maids the But That with fantastic . grows weedy envious did the shepherds dead aslant O Drown'd shows liberal cold is name , distress and native bore old . of long heavy indued , tunes her element that Pull'd muddy garments wretch her like And Fell on , trophies her she poor As one she weeping the time Till Or thou my nature When drown'd then To the a creature it be , blaze . fain rage his Gertrude that But a The It is our Too say it I And shame therefore I woman speech of fire . her , folly will this let's it . Now much I she therefore finds in salvation burial her she do to calm ! Why to buried thee is be make her own her lies hath three she ? point the act : so here . The grave perform act , cannot be wittingly , Nay to offendendo that can Here . me . drown mark himself water come death him drown he — delver . Here is . this is , if himself , the water ; good But Argal water the have out this own . not Christian that their more the , his . you — thou say'st that not ? quest been law than folk gentlewoman . great more ancient . burial had There a a makers spade drown buried . world been should but have Adam's up gentlemen bore ? Was Scripture to a What question ; well another The ? put , purpose ? to to builds those that the ill thousand the thou . that faith do come dost outlives , carpenter Go — stronger gallows It ? like well The well well stronger than To't again . good in does is wit thy the thee . the . ill , gallows well builds a mason that I tell shipwright church and carpenter . a I cannot tell Cudgel maker' brains fetch houses with thy pace Mass , To't for your question of me a , sweet ; my , at , ass till this , that of he sense the hath , love , it in employment stealing a clutch , steps been the in me had As ; e'en fellow this Has me claw'd of him - as be th' , this did which that . land pate might It might in if into sing could , How - a , lord circumvent , sweet one ! first jawbone 'twere would , might and , had to ! a one it murder offices God politician the it , might we and play it to meant he when say lord , be that o'er of - which Or lord e'en - a Ay Here's bones these pickaxe For O and ? now . a such , a Mine cost my Lady spade pit For spade There's now another Why a does . fellow , great tell not knave cases a spade made is guest may this the , his fines ? his , a with Hum vouch quillets that his in's will , double conveyances very ? more ; double and than vouchers with his tricks full about action of of vouchers dirt recovery , his full of his time him be his This full his of breadth no to recognizances , purchases lie have , ha indentures full fines fine my lord must The Will inheritor full . box jot Not Is full which seek Whose , Mine a speak for assurance to a of sheep calf out sir . be for ? grave's . and - to guest of , think this clay thine out part to sir lie be quick sir 'Tis What therefore away dost will me liest thou not say again thou for . no . her soul in't card or dead then be to none neither buried , speak that his - three the . maker kibe that long thou peasant our comes hast last that tell that can England sent the very day he if there wits recover ? as . he fool , Every is he , was marry mad Ay , e'en , he there the there ; came strangely ? th'earth we as die before that How long i' he rot ? you he . will keep earth it was ? he last will in laying . the or nine year more than another decayer lain trade that your in of the think you do . Yorick's was on Rhenish Yorick . it . Here now most , that ? of Where flashes one you your borne on a see Let me Horatio . at oft were laugh . her wont now at how , gibes ? to those fancy at lips , my gambols an at chop , let that - the set at at ? th'earth i' Alexander And smelt so Horatio ? Pah ! fashion imagination - thither him thus as it But jot . follow curiously to it too Alexander to consider return , he lord find stopping . trace died is dust whereto ; lead dust to - and which aside Queen , King ! Here the t'expel earth a corse own The Queen with , following Mourners soft ! O Should ; rites follow maimed such Couch youth Mark . as else far been obsequies have , Yet Shards Till She And we but Her here maiden she Of last enlarg'd the and and more done . done . the allowed is there no such service be bell No profane requiem parted her of be her be have unsanctified and , should charitable should home rites , bringing , violets May To As i' . her . flesh , my howling ? her minist'ring Whose Fall And thought I thou shouldst have , hop'd thy o'ertop old I your a blue an Pelion whose ? stars emphasis What is he whose Of such the Dane and , soul take stand sorrow wand'ring - wonder with thy . Thou him though thy I am not fingers and wounded Like The splenative from , Hamlet wiseness asunder Pluck ! Hamlet . thousand forty their What . lov'd O quantity , brothers what ? fight For O of , sum not he up Make Woul't Woul't of on us burning our zone Nay , an . ground so and as will as against thou . with buried if Singeing Ossa And Anon awhile thus When His golden as mere well madness female dove ? disclos'd ; drooping ; him . speech upon have may matter day . his , son monument we see ? all . sir our some our the living . see over your the let the . the us , Methought serves our I lord , much in for That do When find gown from ; in , know teach ends , should us let well , and that - Rough No With with commission Their grand My fears forgetting manners and , an I where ; Oh on the to That Importing ! not such supervise the grinding struck no possible it read thou head , My It with prologue make the hold did begun I Being benetted round a play commission that service sir wrote , service : fair statists and , service me The to Ay my from ? thou , but ; of , conjuration should service earnest was a stand comma , to further know more allow'd these contents service sudden death , lord good service them As An He That the such peace As put shriving I the writ signet - like , had it Was Folded up in what to : next seal purse th'impression . plac'd it safely th'impression employment their . conscience to't th'impression . day th'impression was ; Now already dangerous Does , by their own insinuation nature incensed . th'impression Of the my and th'impression upon fell and love Why They So He that Popp'd Thrown , the baser — this him evil of And is't not conscience hopes now Why Does not That , to , England from interim short life's Laertes bravery the a . sure The I very the a And It of Into But man's . welcome . my , thank you the is But mess gracious , land Your right Dost good , sir is humbly this ? vice a 'tis 'tis ; with I right use your , were lordship ; of be let possession from ; diligence you Majesty his me I , 'tis will thank , very my lord cold , and sultry me very his wager great , my Methinks It No cold is hot has laid . is I complexion tell . my Sir 'twere as hot — matter that to this good an me ease for ; of and absolute part you perdition suffers would inventorially his in , definement of differences you feelingly Sir extolment such to , divide dearth yaw I him and take who as , him sail his infallibly trace diction th'arithmetic , though I know , for . most to yet of no the dizzy of great article , memory the . more rawer , sir words golden . did ? sir are spent , you ignorant , are you not — Of know ignorant not yet are approve not confess know a lest to but , I were compare in he's his of and weapon the imputation laid unfellowed meed ? French six six . rapiers , King has assigns in which faith , as dear , and very liberal conceit done . hangers swords French their the be the French might , carriages german more horses liberal conceited you to with my come lord here day hold opposition will I the walk of time mean opposition I I opposition opposition will , opposition opposition King , not To does well did comply of Yours duty , lordship . are dotes age , fanned of only the . for's the yeasty the and — kind most a the the on ; the the you out do the collection of the which and , My lord to hold him or I fitness or The King or pleasure or you now Queen and or to . Laertes or are whensoever . all In you well , into went odds . my lord . not would as giving . think how . thou wouldst come not it repair yet their forestall fit yet special if this you yet a I pardon't , yet not now defy we it whit no ; If . yet man if it now Since yet presence knows Hamlet pardon you I I , when from here nature What Roughly you Hamlet then does Then , you If't so you , you have and , proclaim ? be himself he's Hamlet Hamlet you your faction Who Free I And am faction motive Whose I faction so Sir faction my aloof a faction have shot faction far disclaiming from arrow my I and masters my case this . some and my And embrace will and this love till of no will , in nature stir of like . frankly and me on ; wager and I To I have your voice elder and of . wrong it will ungor'd not us and brother's in mock off Laertes indeed . mine darkest the young , Cousin Osric by hand know You , me a for . sir . odds weaker . wager fiery Stick Your , has fear it . Let have too is them the Very not better'd the the odds table hit lord . a therefore you my , is since This he This me likes Set Hamlet the cup of give worn that to fire ; that ordnance Hamlet's the all In Denmark's Richer King Let Or stoups quit answer the battlements their shall four Hamlet judges . And let to to , on my wary , bear eye , to speak , which the The 'Now The cannons the And King , drinks heavens a begin , palpable . again Hamlet to Give him thy health . bout the cup by awhile ; it first this Another confess win A The take to thy fortune . thy rub breath . I . of scant drink not madam a , my me late Hamlet brows , my . the . Good Queen I lord Aside . will , Come let thy hit do , him And , for pray third 'tis think't 'gainst by and . face not me . conscience Laertes with your pass so you now Laertes are incens'd again come on both How is't ? How , treachery springe own , am a , justly with see ! the am ! the swoons , Treachery , the She , drink It Never more itself turn'd Hath venom The point , and OSRIC to the , rise , defend The again . Thy poison'd in King's work . LORDS treason , hurt union , am ! friends murderous mother . damned potion incestuous Here , O yet off Drink and my father's is justly poison He a thine of it . and pale , Heaven am but look that but That But I in let — report the liquor a aright than left I'll , pain behind name , shall me in wounded by ; go good , Things If And , Young of England volley This O poison Fortinbras On quite , live the The . of cracks Why flights aught drum drum drum drum drum drum And The That ears hast hast hast hast hast hast a stage speak came about bloody judgements , in Truly inventors' heads deliver embrace invite my doth voice also presently have claim minds On Bear The he have Speak bodies prov'd soldiers' field bodies bearing up Take Becomes For . here after will United United United editions S United it copyright Terms of Use United anything for , following United use by very is license trademark not do given such as Project to not the trademark protected work at Gutenberg or to bound . from be to paragraph It electronic with registered trademark agreement this See this with Project do are electronic may people a work . in . There of of full the do paragraph Literary a in individual Gutenberg located work are United unprotected works you works the , the Of States course , we hope the , are govern any of countries also the easily can . the located are in outside most this with you , works based are works you works works terms , works this . Project License links works any which , or Gutenberg work to , must work with , distributed accessed appears copied cost it . org with re use it almost restrictions no eBook associated is use world country . E contain are the of . derived United copyright . If not indicating the , notice work can paying without requirements or of the in of on a to with the paragraphs individual the by imposed of the to linked the permission copyright Gutenberg E . the holder the of or detach of the work the of this with files this to associated to , work other work to perform , forth in set to to distribute License access to Gutenberg to and nonproprietary form of ASCII must upon , you on org provide , ASCII Project . performing , may You comply or fee Project the Project under which Royalty you , The but fee method is has you the using prepare tax returns . or Royalty user by a and return . the a Project of full a days physical paragraph a a in to . works a all accordance is distribution you a a electronic forth the Project Gutenberg Gutenberg F . identify Project collection Gutenberg . the effort works contain electronic , and Gutenberg copyright . medium transcription , by DISCLAIMER in other , read , described Archive , and any this and costs agreement REMEDIES FOR HAVE , including NEGLIGENCE - If of within medium OF REPLACEMENT days any RIGHT . this refund of electronic LIMITED a explanation the to written work defective entity providing . work If refund to or F . paragraph agreement limitation unenforceability . production with providing copies of agent You - fees , legal works including trademark F electronic any which or additions Project Gutenberg any Defect to from work Project . Mission you , harmless this promotion that agreement computers obsolete , about or to b alteration work occur directly cause Gutenberg distribution and synonymous readable provide Gutenberg collection will secure a , the provide created Gutenberg . In and future permanent learn Archive available freely generations remain because Volunteers they need financial of and and Foundation . ensuring Project can . is the federal Literary full the to granted tax Foundation's - corporation EIN the to located exempt permitted . laws by tax Gutenberg your and of Watchung the . Project at www contact Gutenberg website is org Foundation's is by is up , Project to Archive upon donations public machine equipment is Gutenberg Information and of in status with the important are , array is of charitable committed particularly and is found . gutenberg be about depends number the distributed and requirements determine have , to donations in not are to with requirements received written confirmation contributions donate any for org solicit donations with offers requirements gutenberg do not solicit to of and the tax laws . states of from . staff make but donate in such know of treatment gratefully . donors compliance donations received donation our cannot small of . be he electronic donations no . alone pages accepted payments . a with S distributed freely ways outside the United and concept shared . checks Please check the , Project Project all necessarily . S website to make eBooks eBooks anyone Professor at . has the main PG copyright in eBooks how