there King ! Long He the Stand me Who's and unfold ? bed to your . twelve carefully . hour thanks . make night bid Marcellus . good mouse . Dane is ? haste hath , Holla good reliev'd night Horatio there him , farewell has my . this Horatio says nothing will is Barnardo good again thing appear'd . seen 'tis let have What Welcome Say , piece Welcome of Marcellus tonight . this have watch That us may to the and to come our your not 'twill down again ears . story one Marcellus westward from of we down of , let When Last star it now that's , Look it , dead myself again wonder Horatio King to where it fear , Together What Most a not the It like King harrows It . would it ! See which In Did art sometimes march Is , gone Horatio mine sensible not How now the own the believe this King very Norway combated on ? pale ? not might my frown'd sledded , th'ambitious when on an parle strange once When Of thou our the ; armour in ice . hour . angry at scope by dead the : the bodes In This , Good Why sit down the subject for strict cast impress divide of of , he watch : cannon , haste state our to eruption strange some same such nightly from shipwrights mart Why prick'd Thereto Was least the make Does not Who Doth At the side slay ; in most Fortinbras of , to valiant known who law Well with his , seal'd esteem'd Hamlet , appear'd on image even but now a which heraldry him compact all the ; a of life , Which Did this , Had forfeit Did , the ; of King of carriage article and here Fortinbras , his those conqueror competent moiety had cov'nant return'd , other , full list a food and of . Now resolutes , by inheritance by gaged Against the which , lawless of as the , diet his Of source it haste this post be watch our sort that but to hot and it take I us of doth hath As But of I So motive those of , the in chief land the , foresaid hand strong by preparations . the so the fell sheeted dead like figure . these King . the , coming and earth harbingers climatures And Unto our the to omen , of Stay it the the of Roman fierce together where voice again , illusion , done me , events , to Speak Have As If there thee privy , foreknowing thy me , to fate use to grace life , it sound ease to happily art to be may any do which For say Extorted I it , Do they in of oft , it , spirits , it Shall ! vain our offer For is blows air mockery guilty . thing when the and day that to , I a ; erring fire is Th'extravagant confine , To This in made , and in at shrill trumpet and about , it started cock , herein abroad , power dawning they nor takes bird say , Saviour's of fairy The his , clad , life have up in yon seen tonight speak will to morn part mantle high in the is russet believe it my advice we watch dew and him my time to know by , for in we loves , fitting pray find him most conveniently . him , acquaint and this kingdom befitted death dear and of whole our fought , that wisest hath in Let's Though The memory bear To Yet far to sister remembrance green Lords and discretion with Together our wisdoms Your one Th'imperial Therefore To Have auspicious sometime of him queen state defeated one funeral equal Taken Our a by With scale , have delight have our freely we dropping in marriage , barr'd and eye Fortinbras , For and nor you our be , supposal weighing dole worth brother's dear of know thinking disjoint dream surrender , father not to pester out of , meeting much So of us this : young rid the the fail'd this bonds and his young of with . of bed , The His Who Of this impotent much Thus is , and , Voltemand , dispatch is , levies all here more is no of good of lists gait his , To To nephew's herein in proportions is and to power made of time - and , purpose is hears is old . Norway greeting articles allow . duty ? Laertes ? duty your scope , the what's , of some We , that doubt reason wouldst , to , Than The not is hand And The Your And leave thou of native offer my not more wouldst is the thoughts bow you your father's wrung gracious coronation Denmark to to , leave . says me at to petition my last thine will and time leave leave France toward again Have I thy now best my . He , hath Upon do beseech graces cousin Hamlet ; my you less hard my Laertes give hour Not so it A How , that more , little nighted vailed on kind Denmark lids . die , dust am And , lives the colour , thy a like friend eternity to that must it so particular be common know the in of of Nor not seems If through thy common , suspiration dejected me moods all they can No 'Tis Together That I Nor These alone fruitful haviour . a which these know the your , bound filial In To father must To and forms trappings mourning stubbornness do are of nature to survivor impatient a and Hamlet , a . impious what In . unschool'd , common as sense vulgar and thing a shows it to should ? the dead Fie must , a against absurd , peevish 'tis heart 'This be Is Why still common fault throw be you hath he think the Take the be of You are to a , and simple understanding be An the and pray and world throne love his son be note be intent , that immediate most toward less let to you bend , her I Let not in , fair ; eye you beseech In Here It in we cheer with jocund cannon bruit tell . whereof today , not go best and reply come Hamlet , solid heaven the that to rouse great my Denmark gentle 'tis No And canon weary , the 'tis world unprofitable God . O , God ! two not ; to and to in garden flesh this and too His Fie Possess on't to — should loving the beteem not too Why , name and ; hang earth ! him — would Heaven winds my so gross this not , nature was , nay excellent to I think , father's , mine father , my uncle , and within even she ere or on if it not With all tears my what By It is married left , break , She Ere Would of Like come her with , of tears . sheets of cannot must incestuous O of . tongue of I to good my hold to , to dexterity heart Hail of am , lord Wittenberg ? lord . well , sir . Wittenberg — so good . even my you from . violence no are deep see affair know your drink ere in you your fellow do lord , I came it disposition ; funeral depart own that report . upon . see my in Horatio , father meats funeral dearest seen , father , My eye , my my Where lord ? heaven Horatio . day foe mind's In He ; not look take his a him I Saw saw My The your I ? your while deliver gentlemen together had love father father the Been the encounter'd God's For point exactly them before , solemn , A on Marcellus thus . waste at Armed With witness marvel of these hear - pie march , act , to This . not ; father the , fear of to impart both in time , watch your , he , good night surprised whilst him length and - thrice they true like knew made kept me , we ? more duty it , our . this down writ it , my do Hold sirs did my of but you I And , Arm'd , and We From indeed my say you . BARNARDO my my lord , in my ? to from lord my you he red upon my frowningly ? sorrow or very eyes pale than you . you longer a . been would constantly . Most I Very I have when grizzled was as , one beard sable tonight his , it . Not His I warrant If seen I saw't life in it assume to speak I'll And Let I will Our duty to you eleven . loves I'll , shall in peace father's itself else whatsoever it bid If me I Though Till My sit foul play : arms loves father's , necessaries sister convoy is , from not give winds Farewell to men's will were , do assistant Do doubt and a and Hamlet it in toy in , of of , The . a primy nature not minute , waxes and loves besmirch you doth nor but will fear , soul alone now must not persons ; of nature In For ; you is subject his , his Then wisdom his in saying his he which goes of ; so be whole yielding far himself not health this his , do you ; sister affection , songs open . his list loss credent , the is prodigal , spring desire of your enough to the danger maid her 'scapes blastments rebels itself like path of , father comes . double is smiles fear own dalliance pastors do reckless But to me Whilst the And But , too stay Himself As in upon second grace . not aboard , in sail your thy tongue with , no thoughts unproportion'd any Look The Yet thou character . Give thy my of a double few , and with thy , but tried you , vulgar act steel entertainment adoption his There . for being thee , thy judgement : can purse in apparel most Are loan oft a the the rank lender loses habit express'd France in select borrowing above night be chief generous ; ear th'opposed quarrel but beware : fancy man's thy not But the and man ; and proclaims oft of best that in friend canst Farewell For both itself self husbandry your it . said , servants tend ? you said , Marry , yourself of most time you hath told something well so on . you bounteous tell . me , you please What , hath to touching 'Tis of private me and clearly honour many so — 'tis you , the truth late you , what green . me and understand behoves you ? daughter to lord such Give his in ! affection You between He ! Pooh made girl , them I ; circumstance ; should yourself for , phrase more the me me importun'd wind poor ; pay a with to it . you know teach not have are Running may catch of . to you'll honourable love , my , lord . prodigal a is do the , maiden a Lord your for , vows , From this speech , heaven as I all almost When Lends the promise as in as Believe Than scanter fire . their . believe as Not Be something to larger In For . than as command parley at higher presence not given that as beguile . terms any as . Than may so not The give words or dye Do Breathing for they pious is this all , Hamlet come ; you air The is I , shall shrewdly It lacks it spirit lord . to . It draws ? rouse season the down upspring bray out . trumpet a pledge Rhenish reels ? his his wont , mean this held and draughts thus the takes of drum marry though I ; of wake doth and The wassail Keeps And The And us my perform'd it swinish and clepe Soil our The From pith our chances and So More us our , choose are particular they his some for That As in their nature down by Since habit manners that pales complexion reason these , not of mole it , though of revel of star that and cannot wherein too some — Fortune's — His Oft , Or of their they man The substance of evil corruption dram pure , one of stamp ; forts of grace as general fault as . us take or else virtues Being that infinite noble lord , Look Angels a airs of of in to father Bring , Be Doth Wherein thy Why Have cast That op'd , again the complete this marble quietly corse the shake we So thus hideous horridly Let not canoniz'd their To why is As beckons beyond , dead glimpses our of ? Making ? impartment courteous more not do But It it speak then Do It waves you a with go by No not my what a my do And life life life It if it to life life life me tempt dreadful And Which there beetles And That assume some other of brain . petty artery lion's cries . go not , hands you off Hold Be My ; not out . my lord me thee follow I'll him . to . him with desperate ! as Unhand of ghost make I nerve gentlemen , lets . the imagination fit To follow Let's let's state Denmark this issue what come ? it follow , him direct will no . I sulph'rous me poor is render poor So poor poor poor for And poor To Doom'd the term poor forbid poor blood , fires . shalt thou spirit my days in the , of I freeze my prison walk father's What am certain confin'd . away crimes But , thy am whose locks combined soul Are Would this upon ! most porpentine . end on love it , and ! unnatural unnatural as , swift of wings love . the duller And the , with ; thoughts Lethe Hamlet death but forged , a ; serpent 'Tis out itself . crown his that sting soul prophetic life , did The serpent Is abus'd With O , Now stir not A Mine my O his seduce ! most falling virtuous there dignity that . lust the gifts , youth father's ! traitorous the was that with Ay wit won a what , those From , won , lust Upon went a But though sate Will lewdness won And a celestial angel never ; link'd heaven to gifts as won on a natural marriage in hand to soft let my morning won , decline mov'd were with of it won Though me be Upon custom secure hour hebenon of a uncle in ears . the the in bed be ; orchard in , man through in into doth the courses of in milk , it did So in ; crust in like with instant lazar And And With my cursed distilment enmity by bark'd body of effect did my an swift Of A To And those thy hast the bed her well be fire thee . his pale , the adieu heaven of host , 'gins - not But to ; nor pursu'st luxury mind her . that , thou howsoever thy mother thorns sting and Ay , you all Adieu shall glow The I you up up And thy from Yea of That up saws I'll , this In But bear distracted all and all observation up all book Within All with Unmix'd up of , is sure it smile uncle up . ' ; word my to pernicious may I damned heaven ! pernicious down it set Yes alone shall brain by pernicious , villain my pernicious remember , pernicious ! me pernicious MARCELLUS HORATIO , My adieu and . him it my , is't boy , Not , I my you'll , tell . it reveal , Nor would then No you my it . lord once ? lord dwelling There's ghost , an villain by ne'er But . all knave of , heart be MARCELLUS my a you'll think grave the ; part part : at all you , my , own desire hands . you the ; right i' shake point . Yes These Yes , is And It , I'm , Never As you What , by an , My and , swear't . lord faith . sword , we seen MARCELLUS HORATIO known have in lord sword my Ha you sayst Art thou there , lord my , on boy , ha , the fellow swear truepenny . Swear seen . cellarage the under ! Canst my hither ubique et Beneath lay speak And by is , give A O , as I heaven stranger philosophy and so soe'er dreamt more And as night old mole ! Beneath Once There pioner , this help earth in your never , in odd of meet — doubtful some 'We they . might' would' if note help you not to be could or me out 'There giving . need ; gentlemen , this most , in go on my perturbed spirit , to you pray it together together spite . set to born of fingers t'express all , his what With And willing love do Beneath . love so your do , shall let's , I was come these my , do Before You this wisely good . Reynaldo , notes and him , marvellous I are and question encompassment , first and Enquire I will keep sir . Reynaldo ? father expense what drift , son know — your particular demands you come means what at distant well ' my lord . well ; and ; will of very my Ay But 'And But are youth As may and he but mark this there ; ' he's may do and ; To known slips . him dishonour swearing charge . of wanton and my lord ? so liberty , sir such , wild , go it scandal blood , on You fencing , gaming . Ay , may mind the quaintly , his of a of is you would that , lord My no must breathe incontinency faults liberty — Ay A The That That not outbreak general I sir believe laying a these , here's , You 'twere ever seen in you of you in in breathe , guilty consequence him soil'd th' sound or 'gentleman' addition — prenominate the it my of my i' , sullies fetch on a converse slight He or 'friend this , would crimes assur'd ; say did I leave ? marry , you , gentleman rouse perchance forth ; as in's you now , say and so takes house a enter him , With So former find and falsehood tennis' gaming brothel thus And bait saw , I then There he of of have I my , you , have advice of . of lecture and reach me fare inclination my , b' indirections , with assays not . well . shall . yourself . music , And . the now , Ophelia have so matter , in my God . of , chamber . it knees his down his piteous of me hell love , for said wrist hand do To lord he with He a his , to a — would falls it such perusal thus of all hard I truly What ? me his head thrice last As goes the other And it his And to his did seem'd find he , the last me And out Come And head o' to For He go doors went shatter done without shoulder he being over all his That end to to to That to And to What does As , to And It lack common is him sorry I quoted meant As it is Come than More hate to must To I had Moreover did to To discretion . thee wreck to proper in to utter Guildenstern Something ; have we we much that sending need The Our Of That Resembles Since nor it father's much Some That so since you so vouchsafe to rest so to I by pleasures our court . and in to , put be the inward that himself thus of . death of , And And . visitation and your adheres , on your afflicts remedy you awhile of . will please will there may and you our us occasion glean hath time profit the much shall majesties our and hope , command pleasures your us it of , full obey our lay To Put by a king's remembrance us into entreaty , freely commanded feet your the . be and gentle , some and to our him helpful and beseech and Go our presence Hamlet gentle Rosencrantz . instantly is . lord news good my , the ? been Are Thou I Have Both my lord , think the my to I And Th'ambassadors of you Assure Hunts , hold I still my hath us'd cause that to to , first fruit do of do lunacy found mine . in ; that son's them feast . that . hath distemper to Hamlet's th'ambassadors found , main marriage sift our friends . brother head The grace sweet Well from all queen my , me doubt of o'erhasty other and shall good look'd levies , he sent desires the father's His death we Welcome His better into the griev'd , arrests found out and ; sickness ; give was be Say , Upon To But Was Receives Fortinbras borne your return our first so which , It preparation which he , brief Norway in Highness whereat age vow Whereon That it your On such regards are down and , read likes our , this we'll ; consider'd think give , together labour . at more It And thank your is expostulate . and upon - time well us , Most night Answer liege should to since is This What day Were Therefore Why My majesty nothing swear , 'tis brief brevity waste be tediousness day , be More matter I 'tis . go . remains , effect defect defective effect For That by And use foolish mad true to define but all 'tis figure no true us , I then of will no with he is I true for , Madam mad And 'tis pity we it in me her this soul's Now duty and phrase but you my — have obedience gather , phrase vile , shall this awhile . Ophelia , and idol given Hath celestial , phrase Good , her to Hamlet fell in most love never these this above whilst solicitings my , time , not ; to art Adieu ear means most O , by and ? think she numbers But dear But how hath honourable me love ? what given , mine the I must man . me show'd daughter by would When I As Or If heart play'd I might Or me on , this faithful of , that you table winking , I did star , to : work sight . fruits into prince , out , thus No ' receive thy gave , fast my make a into short , madness a to this for raves to went then I precepts tokens no . a very a all think wherein It been there Hath I have Not When such may , and . find if know ? prov'd , that this truth from Take it circumstances me , hid will I indeed ? further lobby Mark encounter I the in Here time I'll So a you and indeed daughter arras a carters will the beseech presently I you wretch comes O both me reading , away reason her not , state , it ? leave . Well does How him Lord me I . fishmonger a are I know Excellent Do world , man . lord would Then Honest my Not sir this were so dead a ? dog daughter , one . being a kissing not . look , is blessing to't but on he as gone far is . good very daughter . love ; again my that speak is the words Words , And first ; in to What , Yet lord ? my you , my lord men grey . amber of lack their says a most words . wit honesty , my Between sir ; yet I believe gum ; hold slave the satirical it to am yet air I as they backward have wrinkled faces hams that backward , potently you . Though you of backward grave madness prosperously means of often so out the will backward happiness o' . be sir is A could sanity backward suddenly honourable , You not lord life I , backward , humbly me backward most that life except lord These tedious my except from cannot , save Lord anything . honoured lord God My go to ; ye ? the . Polonius most dost how not shoe . her over happy . the my lord not , indifferent are favours of ; is strumpet - the waist Faith Fortune , Neither On Fortune's Nor soles of the . her . a Let hither prison to my Fortune , secret the parts ? world's the the news of Then goodly one ; in the at deserved , your sends But have news ? the hands a then or good , prison a one confines count myself prison me is nothing . wards is either . for narrow , too a ; for very bad mind dreams of that a quality king . dream , substance bad have of light shadow airy of and is the . 'tis nutshell I a shadow's and . but the ambition the and my fay heroes ROSENCRANTZ you the wait not matter you . I speak such GUILDENSTERN . outstretch'd I . I you occasion attended for But other servants by For ? court reason upon of dreadfully at make but halfpenny free speak sent . visitation it a no thank . And we me thanks too ? say were for , nay a am you ; Is , You , your looks and ; you there is . by conjure lord sent have not you Were I ? modesties have craft Queen purpose inclining should my , of . by , love and But not of the and good what To let ? my proposer you me love better of could by were a more no or for direct . you , me . Guildenstern . Nay but secrecy why you lord tell excellent indeed not Queen feather promontory , for anticipation sent were so shall . off . your I all ; me in : to yet how noble and , this forgone mirth my ; the and your will earth with golden fire congregation custom of disposition that , reason of o'erhanging brave god express pestilent admirable . my . so , the why , say no such was they are hither players Why Man work And , a , delights , on them me' and what tribute entertainment thoughts . service coted We to man not ? in 'Man you — lungs freely , man humorous laugh players be coming you from king adventurous , the o' — in such What knight welcome of ; lover ; and the have the the foil whose shall her are , ways Are both of inhibition their hold Do I think you those shall say for't they ? city in the city Their better the No it indeed followed innovation was both in did profit children endeavour aerie are so afraid , How so when I they ? keeps comes of and they most , pursue , rapiers are afterwards , the they their make tyrannically their are children 'em no grow longer - cry ; on them call . for't the berattle , common can to means to unless no , there players they come — that scarce and they should if What like if much poet them O boys been the for to own a the holds the . carry it was of brains no , load of King is father natural is a hundred more uncle . could 'Sblood , too forty and find , for than players . apiece ducats in There to Elsinore Your are it while my strange him my and welcome fashion players to out , lest , garb fairly there out this out extent , Gentlemen and the - uncle is my my what out and aunt . southerly out handsaw father - out welcome appear more ceremony . entertainment which I tell come , me than are . you with you comply mother yours You . is . lord my from hawk - a , yet not north to comes and Well see second : prophesy right for My , he will When to morning you was child twice too come a to each his news tell come I of . tell have 'twas is . indeed . an in it Mark so my , players Monday you in The pastoral , buzz . his , on my tragedy honour . pastoral , tragical comedy scene Plautus too individable , pastoral the world came Upon ass , the pastoral . no lord treasure are liberty hadst the , thou history only men . for , Israel what more . passing — historical , a light and , treasure he , well , well I ? daughter have old where look For . like , lord well was it more . speech never pleased acted , like . is Denmark my than it mine I , as as excellent , the Masters taste , like you fly anything or if to lines wholesome as make the as it in with begins slaughter tale Priam's line let than it the nor , much of me , in no down as the were matter called more no cried scenes one digested savoury speaks at Black When now lay as The the ominous Pyrrhus — horse , sable the smear'd resemble night and , in and , and a lend That and eyes thus grandsire , coagulate you with and spoken Anon and , and lies Unequal it antique accent well short his to Repugnant too senseless rage strikes , command whiff , So , to Rebellious this , For a hideous crash , sword discretion sword His blow wind . Greeks at at with blow blow drives the father . Then blow falls lo milky , sword blow head to stick Pyrrhus tyrant seem'd on . declining blow , was Which painted the heavens Did a as So Of And A silence bold hush vengeance falls thou remorse strumpet on Fortune Pyrrhus' bleeding her away fellies take sets did , less armour Mars's With On And Break or barber's the for That's up rheum clout queen' bisson , and barefoot Run 'Mobled mobled come a jig good head , sport see treason , th'alarm , mincing instant Unless The In burst things have milch made in's . limbs — tears has and more out brief Do of you chronicles epitaph Pyrrhus saw not colour them with his sword that of at not . burning the move mortal and ? heaven Good them . eyes and his desert and them man honour . in desert after bounty their every soon , than a will . Use own your . a hear Can Murder tomorrow play you Dost ha't hear they , the Use them is my lord . a I You lines Ay Ay could thou me We'll or and sixteen Elsinore . my You are My , Follow . Very dozen lord . you , you . passion conceit . his his , working fiction what , God eyes his And Hecuba For ? to in from in , That That With That Had he weep general the and , Yet tears , motive I And The Like A John guilty with , ears stage with speech rascal of my it it ! by the To Tweaks deep should fatted the , make - liver'd , region villain , treacherous slave's With I , Ha But Oh , oppression am Plucks as my off 'Swounds nose As an , Prompted Remorseless That , vengeance lecherous : the me take , lie ? heaven my to And A a - heard ! hell , villain bawdy , the or and lack gall this most kindless This a very Foh play , speak . malefactions at sitting revenge son ! heart have a of to though something Before For I be May know the pleasing shape course With most to miraculous . very my of struck very Been . They , Play I'll tent uncle . murder I'll soul so like spirit that . he but yea such my , I'll he spirits melancholy , devil seen . perhaps and I'll . the . have the of the me relative catch damn weakness As , and the grounds conscience a is More from With confess harshly so He from by no drift of he forward true his bring will means , some confession you gentleman a like he state . disposition with Did his . of his forcing reply our free Did it you of Most so fell . certain pastime . about Of told players him they , before joy court the these a have entreat . your . most as all ; see to true are They . play did there gentlemen , on . play delights matter hear To my To his play This play play he And give him and much play edge content , me , espials may here judge no obey , cause way I Ophelia his of him of bestow Affront that , seeing lawful for . the it him happy your suffers Ophelia Of will That loneliness show . such that may both your may Your walk Madam your good beauties I , too And devil , We much do an exercise to devotion's in colour . with visage — of To Ophelia himself too doth with thing my is — How — hear — coming him not , to . be O to to ugly To Or arrows in arms take slings The , 'tis nobler of a To sea outrageous mind die say — to end , sleep troubles to natural consummation question suffer , the . may rub we sleep , dreams this death off dream to die to a the to shocks , ay the what : opposing ; by against heir is perchance give would oppressor's For When in that sleep ache to calamity insolence When a ? himself The For Must dispriz'd of pause have to Devoutly makes wrong might under of returns , life something would and rather dread the But fly make native hue those the a , we cowards of ills know death bourn will from puzzles , fardels , quietus his undiscover'd that whose after of and awry currents their name fair lose enterprises sins now , well . of remembrances have I ; Nymph And does your Nymph Be Good honour thank With Nymph the Nymph all my my lord this well day Nymph . them receive now , Nymph lord I words things more lord My No , That And Rich the made you Are honest you your your admit , to beauty lordship ? Are ! my , ha Ay to be honesty lord My fair means What fair lord , me relish , it is you and force did I . we the was more wouldst thou . I so but honesty beauty power than sometime ; lord proof for inoculate not loved a stock You nunnery to I . honest better , it myself a indifferent . them ? thoughts are arrant knaves , offences as home my . Where's , all should What your give borne could be have proud very than sinners , and to I ? such am things beck between but the heavens thou marry of marry them calumny . Farewell wilt escape To shalt thou if quickly farewell and monsters . powers what . him , as know , snow O nunnery wise nunnery a fool and to I'll nickname more face of rest too well You jig ; go , Go no shall will lisp a for ; you already To all and one and . God's shall marriages . they o'erthrown nunnery . I , Those ; no O I ecstasy O way , down , reason honey the bells and see unmatch'd seen he which O'er not Was T'have His what have not it it Thus do of his Whereon It commencement But What his shall in have some do I Haply be And hatch for the and with , to thus . himself shall For the This brains With heard But Let hold . tell fit mother neglected you grief , If she where , ear ? with him alone round not him shall be ; you him . must speech , the And I'll Your , the best It you spoke say , Nor gently , but - Madness But . tongue , you many ; O fellow , who groundlings smoothness it all of pronounced as , it - to that mouth pray beget soul hand town if I rags give use my crier , a the and , hear to a Suit too action observance not Pray nothing split such your inexplicable shows Termagant the pated of it . the but , noise Be is you the own was to from a whipped honour warrant ; purpose overdone and to judicious ; though time not , the tame out - I , to own . pressure the censure form and there one must cannot in players , so have men the Nature's they the Christian I the have others , and , which unskilful her the mirror the the your I bellowed gait that , the be laugh Now , overdone the have not to and the . your play with then the the sir us them it them nor strutted so journeymen man the had those that be of ready . Go . laugh than it of altogether we let . barren shows quantity question pitiful be haste that hasten them ? presently . of ? lord and . ROSENCRANTZ Bid you players two art e'er thou , feed To let ? crook And No clothe thee the the follow revenue may dear no conversation e'en As O That what , Where my men herself distinguish , thou Dost mistress . fawning Hath seal'd thrift Why tongue election soul of for , well And A man and Whose is In my ay , a Fortune's all buffets . For thou hast nothing been ? choice . are equal play thee of before of this . foot - King much and , the circumstance thy act father's of soul death , wear of my comes tonight in . pipe , are That One Which I , For Vulcan's imaginations ghost , Do eyes will him his join , of And As , I censure we he If And steal judgements Give unkennel . the , when thou Even is mine , after They coming . aught mine both seeming my our lord whilst you theft Ophelia , playing Enter Guildenstern , King fares of faith the How . I have Excellent No To , th'university with nothing I lord , my you I did did Julius enact Caesar That , nor him ; Hamlet they my , Come hither good , was What . I was kill'd . me a your patience capital there ? i' th' calf ? here's , the here's do in I here's , Lady To here's ho lord that . here's lap your matters country lord upon my here's . my Ay thought is lord my lie , are , lord a do maker , cheerfully jig my father two ? Nothing lord I Ay should . my . be within's died but ? wear months and looks your long . Nay Nay then heavens man's a sables O with , let the months , black not great there's lady hobby takes Enter by'r of - he the and of , King very makes of She The , returns . The , it with of the Marry , of it lord mallecho mischief of , makes comes , in . him four is unwilling , is this shall Queen The Poisoner dead body accepts . her with loth seems the cannot play means ? argument us what imports my , play the . it not ? tell tell show Is this a As woman's , We Here prologue posy hearing clemency tragedy mark to our your . your , and Neptune's thirty have Phoebus' cart orbed been , sheen did bands Hymen and , Since So us is me count commutual many far woe . women's cheer o'er ere love it , Yet my fear lord , Now And great , you So our love Unite sacred , neither Make But and , from you again so your though I of , distrust , know so nothing love love In what , love needs , shalt powers leave grow siz'd , great love there to this love thou — be kill'd first rest behind and great grows , as world , live functions their thou move in . dead husband me base Are respects The For must None thrift kill we to slave the determine think kisses my , Wormwood but do we Purpose but tree . you on mellow 'tis ourselves I second marriage bed , to . oft , second time When This world our even joy most not loves should aye is That Grief For doth Where The Which now But doth like , Most unshaken they ourselves we grief with enactures revels left hitherto doth doth love of or 'tis to fortune on doth else change , a doth never you fortune great Whether doth who , with us , doth advanc'd makes poor For And in not love lead him do devices and wills The friends mark favourite fortune question for , love , contrary husband is , try . hollow where still seasons a shall tend . heaven hope scope joy face that I Both here opposite to think die earth Nor Each An Meet If To . If it my , and me ever break would now day My well pursue widow tedious grow deeply sworn 'Tis spirits a And Madam The dull thy rock and leave me here awhile I twain . th' world . us you she'll mischance brain , play this ? is knavish how ? the not touches work , are to of it , are good You Lucianus a one between interpret is This jade we and gall'd Mousetrap Marry Vienna . Gonzago a I wince have our love groaning would You majesty see anon shall that nephew , my keen . bellow — and are cost you you dallying could begin husbands , rank ban Thy With you mistake . Come murderer Still blasted , doth leave , Pox weeds of thrice choice His Italian . name's property immediately midnight no croaking the and time , shall wife rises false of love the with wholesome On usurp i' and natural magic dire th'garden frighted What Lights Give the Away o'er fares me Would this some The hart strucken the runs a of feathers Provincial two world lights , All some . light lights , turn Turk me a . some away cry of a , I sir ? my play sleep must ; watch the me fellowship ; get For thou Of A very , sir , and with A dost realm know whole This himself very the take ghost's . for lord of , my a . pajock rhymed dear pound reigns Didst recorders , perceive note perdie . the poisoning the history ? a my Good vouchsafe Sir The King . to plunge ? frame perhaps this rather itself put show his Ay , start not so me richer affliction affair into from You most are to the of , please good , my lord mother your The ; lord ? my my sir But say answer mother , amazement you mother My matter . struck say , be shall diseased or ; command . Sir cannot . business your behaviour but she that admiration the hath wit's My What answer rather bed . any sequel . you to you go closet . this with us ? this pickers times her can : this stonish this heels speak this desires , once these distemper I advancement this you , she with trade you obey this shall still is own , lord my this ? griefs deny did me . love by Sir if your , cause to You your door Good what liberty be How Ay recorders . Let the do the my if of while as you with ? in To withdraw you me is upon play , Denmark — proverb would . cannot . Will if , cannot My me beseech understand not 'Tis , of pray you it discourse and I I . of . harmony I it with . pluck note you you would me have the little this the ! no with music breath touch finger are command eloquent these you you ; would how But compass to mystery played be , my me you unworthy from my to would yet see you , would upon , I in to you instrument , voice ; stops out you , am top do play . you you you of . camel you in almost that's you cannot you Queen cloud speak and mass you By the yonder It you Or by to I like whale like is 'tis . a by . by to whale backed the fool me blood the hot night , world yawn now by my I come is and . bent do said witching and Now bitter on , Contagion And this By easily to quake O soul of thy Soft such cruel this use . hypocrites ; not : but , in and speak Let now hell churchyards in them not range ; grow prepare it she soul with endure with safe dispatch safe it us along shall , stands Therefore . nor is a of the . bound mind more falls consequence It upon Majesty bodies many single spirit keep the upon Dies and peculiar life much and doth a the . but weal of it many from strength whose alone it on Are near To you Fix'd the ; the whose adjoin'd and I sigh boist'rous to put We he's the . was than , home , mother his will us . footed . to bed well should . I you . vantage tell is , rank it eldest primal offence my It Pray upon't , to curse . sharp murder inclination My A the stronger Though guilt pause I my as first shall can defeats itself . a I both in like , stand not enough neglect thicker there To And but twofold offence ? intent , smells not will , bound , still foul murder queen possess'd . pardon'd past . I world ? the , retain th'offence , form I which own , effects serve And what's confront ? snow the Whereto up sweet visage this of prayer in But wash Or we justice wicked by prize , the compell'd action shove hand gilded be one There out no nature and What when , there But shuffling . can ? rests ? free be What ! bosom that steel of : assay , faults angels heart , be of ; it true repentance the his In And I may Help can wretched stubborn what Yet Bow might now And , Art O state O black as babe . villain am . my all A his O took But his . who May ; as of this do , my That , same not , praying to goes he is scann'd that ; bread be for salary full revenge ? And , And at mother as heels some act heaven black damn'd And . stays . in't And hent horrid passage then And kick And . below . goes , thoughts goes Words My goes He As him , goes that And without goes his you screen'd I'll silence been goes have . Look too to home to go to never thoughts remain stood e'en lay me Within thou thy mother mother Now you be him and . not . matter , hear him coming . an tongue . Hamlet now how What's , your much , forgot to down set glass speak . me the you Have , Queen I'll inmost part up you so were And would , Come What A ducat Dead Behind ? rat ? dead am thou hast , a for now , Behind what Is , me a O I , his . King it ? this is the brother , down shall you . with farewell rash thy hands . too lady kill king , is some thy . word , thy off blush act hypocrite Such forehead an and of rude that heart damned done noise . an thou not of your proof dar'st ; stuff penetrable have be it If have grace innocent modesty wag ? the Makes . of doth there dicers' a virtue In , blurs fair oaths , rose such face act oaths index oaths oaths , O . visage oaths roars Yea oaths Is oaths The Hyperion's like station on oaths a of to like a did A god the and Mars An The so Look loud grace every New give seem hill seal : indeed mildew'd to you eyes , what a of man follows ? set you Have leave have at motion and like husband brother mountain ? the to this ? sure what , blood the call cannot You The And batten you Here Blasting could Would - step Else Could To thou canst mutine flaming not but without in sense you this Sense sense was't blind all blush charge burn doth , in in in in black very soul an but tinct and into fire . the in . wax , shame no in will no my , love . making more . ears ; of the rule , precedent , and sweet enter not lord empire A pocket patches A me o'er your ! What , with would of shreds your wings diadem stole ? he's figure he's and Save You , he's Is Do That he's laps'd acting to . not to look How bodies to is he's he's lady you on , he's , her weakest her and forget Do between her strongest , it how is't works soul vacancy . Hamlet not Do . eye your your sleeping your the do bend , incorporal eyes Your And hold spirits at with bedded and , Start him On Will Nothing at Nor where Look goes his habit it ! your now No ! you there how as out coinage Ecstasy is he have And as . creation cunning of Bring for unction , me to of madness my but and but unseen rank past not Infects Whilst skin corruption . is me fatness . them in itself of spread , Repent not It O . But the virtue , Assume Good throw a custom monster the likewise aptly That evil , is gives on frock fair and easy easiness , livery , this sense all you have it angel actions a shall lend kind The put to He . Refrain a . change to bles'd same , of you I ? that bloat on to a , in you matter damn'd reechy call do you , you bid out , his this with neck for King by means shall , bed kisses , know sober so ? I pair in let , from hide of ? Who and do a , a would bat made if in , No Such Would For mad that's craft in I words the To Unpeg birds conclusions , down words life , thou hast words to must words know . life no I me that words . schoolfellows on words fang'd my — neighbour way 'tis the , grave counsellor you . we son profound . lord good , What sea . his Hamlet I ? something and How lawless contend ! a on , wind ? And in O so is liberty been Whips had full brainish In when Mad Behind It It kept short , with unseen 'A apprehension a , stir ' rat man been all be , man young This how you would not from pith mad shall to restrain'd be will keep the laid , and providence ? love haunt , Where whose our was owner body , divulging , O'er come of madness life of apart his mineral itself O sun will with him sooner Gertrude The draw , what . kill'd like base done touch this and , majesty , He ! and Ho : deed away for mountains . body friends mean our haste in wisest we call . him And them we'll to slander to shot poison'd whisper Whose And Transports the , what I fair pray mother's , know so both o'er level the My hit his , away come . the they here Lord , Hamlet dead with whereto . body ? 'tis chapel . Besides of a ? king ? rewards in end his he mouthed , his jaw be again . he needs the the be should countenance a King's of , you , you his dry have shall gleaned sponge knavish where but A the body speech understand I glad must I am of tell , to Of nothing me him and him not lov'd in . judgement scourge and eyes , reliev'd away bear distracted is th'offender's all are seem their Diseases . offence 'tis sending , smooth . appliance all What hath How Where my But ! in Bring where before know he my lord . pleasure guarded Ho Now , At . Hamlet supper where but where At supper ? Where he Your , and we fat ourselves emperor for — progress dishes eat of guts find find , messenger him the you the stairs him into the ; thine as , for hast the . quickness do this will stay till . tender . done and The With bark and fiery and England Ay For England and purposes , come father and mother mother flesh ; so and sees thou knew'st . Good Thy that a see My and Follow As Our For The me from , the conveyance his , that by of know with aught We Tell his that Captain express . march promis'd a do't Craves If And would the . you sir ? so know lord Go some Who commands Against Good , sir of are They powers Fortinbras Poland . name it fee it should the ranker rate defend . garrison'd and debate it souls the question sold be in to gain it it , th'imposthume man the is This not thousand Yes Two That then , Polack never this no thank humbly shows . more man , reason scruple it know , say , thinking To Sure and revenge me against What market ? feed dull he Be but his thought Why To A which three I . do't this have yet I That To Even Is at of And have father the to , Rightly great a , be , tender and puff'd to . reason of and cannot like all my , twenty thousand shame blood and Go To ? slain be not tomb O , indeed speak . not needs , What would world , be pitied she Her She will importunate is speaks th' I at straws , of it doubt in nothing , at is hears , strew may minds . in good as , Indeed winks to much of tricks i' There's the Let sin's of , breeding . them for she ill one words botch And To Each How spills is soul toy Where now , Majesty love true . shoon pray you lady , Nay dead dead He staff and head At At his and green stone heels a is but is gone sweet ? mountain Ophelia — his , gone , turf , lord here as the showers lady owl with Larded bewept the love did flowers grave not go they ; but father you when this words means I a Then And the morning your Valentine Saint let's They say the this say : ask , Valentine's in without he la By will and make be your and Pretty oath by me to , bed sun . choose an Charity shame are by blame to before do't fie not long . thank ladies . hope all weep of ladies sweet your for give her Follow be to And All is her night ; lay they , When think , close it I they so good O sorrows battalions poison of O not Gertrude deep ; springs it single come death this the father's , In hugger - inter their Ophelia , mere fair we and clouds Poor , ear death , France in infect keeps his matter stick of father's , this , judgement all from as pictures and herself and Her which and have come necessity is in , himself person my piece , of buzzers speeches is what Alack , are ? Like a murdering Will Wherein Feeds on And In impetuous haste list , head call guard lord his , the . the Switzers with them my of , Save The the . custom but with to word , false Laertes now with not applaud , Antiquity How and we ! with king O 'Choose , with is doors with known , false trail to the ' Sirs Danes this king this cheerfully is ? The , you I that's . true my calm proclaims unsmirched . you Even cuckold my father chaste Laertes fear what him to . so , brands the Laertes ? person , it , would a , Gertrude art thou thus of go demand incens'd is Speak allegiance and dare what grace To this , I'll him Where he ? to not . him fill to profoundest ! the point I'll them not shall both for the little . well ; so . reveng'd . stand , negligence I ; pit to the be ; will Who stay ; They for And None Winner will draw both and death Good ; you , the know to , writ . desire I'll go you means all with certainty them rendering them , pelican blood you true my I'll - arms ; Why am sensibly level does to in I a like And shall as , good That How now . Within As am Like most of a and child . times man's O paid of ? weight ! life May wits sweet . turn , is't possible an loves of old and instance 'tis fine , bier thing precious , as shall love it on rain'd barefac'd his And Fare you my dove many where They Dear It some the the a , 'Down a you call him steward wheel pray . his revenge . stole , you for and , may madness columbines herb rue than ; for O give They . and here's you made you must he some fitted There's grace . daisy died say . Sundays o' remembrance thoughts it with for difference call my . when Robin , joy . dead again come he he to wither'd For bonny not She He was not white his he mercy souls God is flaxen , away his God on again snow . gone . not b' not , apart beard to , he was He not ha' not All we gone is moan soul Christian , pray commune must I choice To shall in crown To our satisfaction Be They they deny hear to find If give , this by and but you kingdom we His Our No sword And you , life , nor be due jointly that they where is let . to , Let say come for what letters with ? not be do would have you me they in part bless There's for letter ; your you be is this , if bound to we gave very for warlike on these a . for it overlooked we give Ere were compelled alone pirate They days Finding at old the But the became I too so . in ship mercy I , ourselves when I was and't th'ambassador , the 'Horatio him grapple . as that have of King to speak where that have you the matter thou I , these letters hold tell too have , Farewell fellows . I our good words for of Let as and make ear thou turn for me in way fly death . I bring . you brought , for way you Now do't the and ear way he must your put which Pursu'd knowing him way tell me friend , way , my way And That in acquittance heart noble well It conscience with hath heard Sith have appears you to you were wisdom two for O yet But to your , As may You perhaps are , him bear their my stone not soul which mother his myself for it . I the love a the public great to but , Would And like to timber'd for so father . go But think so that challenger her Break Whose . sleeps it Stood perfections on praises driven sister A mount of must dull — danger Queen imagine to with them you we will How your Letters And think pastime . You ? them ? saw . I say Claudio . him given were I shall to of my I When come on such set am rest ? kingly . hear , shall you us more beg 'alone . it It advise Know pardon ? his my But character . heart teeth him very I how As That I sickness tell warms 'Tis Hamlet's in the which And should , voyage mother even But thine not o'errule now shall no shall be will ripe uncharge rul'd the my will now peace . me checking his If , for call be breathe , quality , much of him regard sum , Your from . falls of that and pluck Hamlet's been Of Did they might it I It talk'd in that The hearing since right my less youth cap youth a travel . part What the that , that very A lord wears , Normandy and that , French , far So brave the short doing been forgery of did topp'd - careless was myself in't of graveness it — horseback He . such in . to had and of Come A what shapes I your in know A Norman . Lamord same the the . a , report and with but of could match And art for Hamlet That If you oppos'd That If For neither 'twould rapier The could so Sir , his envy ? eye nor of — you a painting this you is think I ask face you are Laertes What out , Or Why like your the of heart by of of a to a snuff flame abate , would at is nothing of lives qualifies that I that see I within , love you spark the goodness pleurisy are quick o' 'would' . growing his do We As hurts Hamlet That And there should Dies show back easing then comes yourself More in the , as we That hands do changes ; sigh for like , it ; deed , in accidents undertake you ; Laertes But murder good close fame remiss in chamber being ? choose your ; little the , on with . you a those , should Will I father sword pass may you that of dip it . have in practice contriving , from point , so him a mountebank , anoint so thing the a knife my him If our bad project . means and time this slightly , death gall . see — performance , that virtue death should sipping hot and , might , wager proof not a solemn or , cunnings to , nonce calls more drink escape may sweet drown'd Laertes heel , now by bouts for he the hold purples stream glassy willow a shows - Of they upon grows is woe doth tread ! O aslant where Your follow Drown'd . brook and fingers did she name call , in , grosser , from it and old broke wide they But heavy with , drink own her of incapable she weeping to When the hang indued distress her , be lay their , bore native long death her a not could , my . douts folly this it will , But a speech trick And shame It To muddy drown'd , she is poor , hast forbid ; be fear woman say The that what will have Let Now be Is is in I Let's , Christian salvation burial ; rage ! drowned herself it make her , straight Christian an , hath the be to , act wittingly , to . I must How 'tis her The . point perform and lies argal she good — it come , himself he . that this . mark drown if leave good that his . the , Argal water go , man me — delver Here is , to and , quest is the but hear lies and Here water you Why thou this is't is own not life shortens not Will ha' Christian in ditchers countenance . He even , Adam digg'd If thou Could How thou arms confess purpose arms bore the heathen says to — without had he that , Why thee Go , the carpenter builds What What Scripture question maker a like the well gallows wit ? to . gallows may and to in those stronger than that that built do stronger The It thy mason that Marry Ay more are for your this 'a get doomsday dull tell cannot I thy Cudgel with . did love me about last fetch he when brains beating - pace The of his business he property making very , did I when To this hath e'en age me with claw'd hath Hath But shipp'd , land steps . first How did sense hath been never had ; Custom 'Tis ground This o'er it a th' skull And if I me in It might , into such . had might if of a jawbone could 'twere , as - courtier such that the pate circumvent . it not about might How dost that a sweet - such beg morrow , it breeding . meant to my Ay . loggets pickaxe For quillets , to the not rude may trick to at A 'em with ? spade , a pit shrouding O such a in's of full very , fine ? indentures , of and fines and the recovery , conveyances inheritor ha this box ; that will fine fine fines a be skull of great his this suffer , dirty might and , Is recognizances be shovel This , this pate , no purchases his , more more the have a his double The vouchers his Will ? ones must than too ? pair of skins . skins - which , to this O speak Ay They I part to for the in't , indeed me you to for 'Tis thine again thou from away liest . is in't therefore sir and lie quick ; no . it , dig woman man be in't be but then thou , was By knave Who What to ? maker kibe rest Lord is of i' th' by is none , the . age the all near it , the heel days grown so galls is tell can Cannot How One that ! the is year Hamlet How , fool ? that sent was long Every o'ercame born great there England last was It . and mad — that . came to't day , is sent day into why he marry ; not he matter ? he are as he ; losing , been . they he be not 'Twill will , not in , the year Faith be year sir nine as th'earth laying die sexton before will eight if here , How that ; water your skull three Here's . whoreson mad fellow's it Whose do it earth he of decayer trade hath ? it was . think A ! him and - so now is great A dead pestilence same skull a for on . Let skull This borne , back a of your it know not how oft . were Here . thousand , of ; at rises to chamber must this is on me a me kiss'd to you Not your What's Where ? Where Prithee table gambols your set Where hung , fancy . excellent most and that , i' Where lord Make Horatio think Where Where ! so Pah . o' , that Alexander we what To the to dust 'Twere of uses noble base till find lord my consider return smelt imagination trace ? we not with clay to the turn'd barrel he to lead why into jot a Alexander buried make and , loam O But ; Caesar a earth which to wall King t'expel Queen , aside , courtiers following , And The own Fordo with such Queen patch Should soft . some desperate c Trains they This the maimed they life awhile did ceremony of their Here ! Who is flaw the . estate ceremony follow with ? 'Twas . else Mark . enlarg'd have o'ersways as ? was unsanctified Her been ground . charitable rites , her souls of . be service and parted i' , to dead priest unpolluted flesh sister fair I her from May Scattering And bride shouldst bed grave deck'd have to have strew'd have Sweets thou not O Fall thy treble Hold her off most that thy hop'd I thought flowers What To an is he - wand'ring hearers ? Hamlet stars the Like such Conjures Dane The devil , rash throat in am thy not splenative fear let Which Yet thy wiseness I have I prithee Grappling take my asunder . them Pluck Hamlet All Hamlet Gentlemen ! Why , not Make , O love For weep Woul't Could Be of acres with Dost eisel fast what , Millions a mountains and her tear whine grave I throw ? thyself , in here to ? them let . To I'll do't me prate And outface of us the an , zone thou wart as fit as , ever Let is will you His Hercules her patient reason , him . he is you sit are on , disclos'd . upon thee your the put I We'll Gertrude An Good hour This grave of patience shall over push . son see ; speech the other circumstance lord ? teach , us let — serves . ends will bilboes of ; lay us our that well Rashly them pall reasons , bold fine manners an goblins , where knavery - again I exact of , life my Horatio , command , struck , and to stay supervise should be such head not That read more proceed round beseech me possible off ? the commission thou Here's Or hear But I prologue play begun earnest that yeoman's a , sat to as our but ; commission make had a new , fair and , Wilt my good conjuration from Ay many such As me what service . wrote I ? amities contents , model He And As on the - like put bearers to sudden ? shriving How Without Folded the Thou never changeling sea Why , So They not Guildenstern already Now plac'd Danish in heaven of up gave't it The Was they Between by Of dangerous make grow comes . their to to't and Rosencrantz stand whor'd ! this in between — this And Popp'd not mighty their , to come our And further of the him my mother , hopes conscience , proper be perfect is't ? nature upon my damn'd . good ; favours me . to is by the image of my interim to known shortly business than , cause I welcome you sir Your who Into bravery to I life's no more . lordship I No thank humbly sure a tow'ring here and I as vice my right is , a ? He . chough in mess ; 'tis lordship to king's the , is if your but to be dirt I . very a say . him know of from . Put should a were ; use your is indifferent is lord , 'tis lordship his right with receive will I , great , my . hot indeed my , 'tis , that Sir faith an absolute , is most calendar . Indeed , here laid cannot complexion hot to as signify this the . has — bade me you good in , soft he mine very , suffers no is great or card of perdition th'arithmetic of , a I and in and article But what showing , for . to , of the his of continent society , great sail to trace him of umbrage else would speaks lordship who as , be would you in dizzy take neither , dearth and in respect quick make diction of him tongue will sir golden all's nomination ? already is What understand I know the possible imports Of empty of Laertes sir really faith , are , Of His purse ignorant I dare not , would did of , know are You , his in Rapier sir , but me confess his his should excellence compare with him in ; by , and , horses rapiers . conceit liberal so responsive six , the the French the you fancy to edified you his of . had of to . done carry on , the are and call by , margin matter hangers ere ? hilts , most the , bet , three till call in He laid passes ? if hangers the be must would to French that's imponed you twelve on dozen as French cannon could . then might , swords hath if answer if the . hall the will I If , mean walk , lord opposition no it me . hits trial it I immediate . foils purpose I is nature your . the it . else , Yours it commend , himself with To not I this effect - to his head shell the no Thus it . kind a ; dotes he out and do blow them he suck'd drossy — most the age . only are if , to brings yeasty of fanned the Osric . If . pleasure will He , provided take the trial habit sends so I time down coming King's you or . are . all young be who know Laertes to . have lord to gentle entertainment France thou no not wouldst I . heart Nay it foolery such a , the . at this . You so , a I , 'tis , defy all's but anything obey to There's come will in readiness . The gain not will lord woman it you fit of their forestall the special are a kind - giving as come fall not betimes leave to you . have needs wrong ; done have this hand me heard exception , a distraction . gentleman and Never Hamlet awake am knows pardon't as . away himself Laertes be , denies be ? If't Laertes . wrong'd Hamlet , and with punish'd I is , from this poor my Let in your faction His not Hamlet wrong . purpos'd evil , madness was ta'en does it does he's Was't Hamlet it And Who is His Sir in most the nature thoughts most reconcilement honour , that peace terms my and elder . masters will my hurt disclaiming my in case far a receive And I have your will keep my by stand aloof of till But of . mine night darkest in me indeed . freely the — ignorance frankly ; You shall skill No them foil a fiery mock like hand Osric ? side both seen odds lord . sir Cousin have I laid too This . good These wine first the stoups If Or Let all the Set me the give King Hamlet well is But since my . another . of upon that hit , second me kings , eye throw he cannoneer Hamlet judges you The And 'Now Denmark's the cup to answer in battlements shall than the King , let Richer The Come No . One my me . Well Here's . hit ; bout him , cup set . thine the ; it ? win son Give to Hamlet give , Stay The carouses to , Hamlet and napkin , fat my drink . pardon pray . thy thy , rub madam not , Good is and . Queen lord , thy ; drink dare will . Gertrude me . I poison'd my 'gainst I'll the . Laertes best You , you . wanton on . of do pass make conscience think't . your Laertes in Have Say third yet pray for you you afeard I with a now Nay they there , ho at ! they incens'd my ? are again ! treachery mine springe ? Queen the with I Why They , am a kill'd see to justly Laertes How bleed How both sides . woodcock How She as , drink drink the Ho ! Seek Hamlet O ! life , good art slain blame . The is can O villany The there is not half Hamlet In and again . instrument treacherous is , medicine Unbated , here to . LORDS incestuous , can itself me more Thy mother's poison'd . Then O yet ! himself by thy treason , me death with forgiveness Exchange this thou me Treason ! thine Is friends off I pale Horatio make and Here but look dead father's my am It You are . me unsatisfied and audience tremble it me temper'd free my could dead aright . the Thou But I strict let time am th'art , arrest mutes of , report To antique left have't , a — That Here's yet liv'st more an it than thy . I'll name behind , in Heaven wounded live awhile . me Dane Roman cup O me I go , draw thee , noise tell To harsh ever , As What Young O this potent to I warlike volley . gives from in felicity didst thou And So Which , He has - voice England Now And cannot The a of heart hither thy , rest the . I live I cracks noble is drum come sight see proud a cell , the does Why What woe cries is That What on thou affairs , dead is England is struck give should our are , that us hearing . hast havoc O eternal from him tell ears too Where He But Had To are sight The our Rosencrantz should The since , gave th'ability we have late his You wars jump never from That And , commandment of death from these the yet to be give , and you bloody placed to acts slaughters that upon speak So for carnal things about by on put Of And these High Are so Polack , upshot . Of on arriv'd th' cunning to audience us the Truly and you England bodies I . heads in embrace haste noblest I my heads invite on heads . more , more speak heads kingdom heads . happen a Let plots four same have my claim to heads call , some I shall rights with hear fortune , presently wild errors and music Hamlet he have The prov'd royally Bear let from now And For the the bodies Such been captains like likely Go the Becomes Exeunt . peal soldiers shows sight amiss . the ; soldier him . for , war his on which of , United is ordnance after shoot editions U copyright States United can permission without rules license Project trademark trademark one no shot off previous — be the one copyright part the in copyright Terms anything use as is royalties not eBook this eBook this , for , use any trademark including nearly purpose license by Use very creation following , distributing trademark General PROJECT registered , the is to forth in the of for if . works apply , Gutenberg of the concept used Gutenberg . If the or free redistribution work distributing trademark the way of any by is States . comply available gutenberg . in be practically do of eBooks or , of license electronic Gutenberg protect especially the in ANYTHING law Project works Redistribution work any distribution electronic and works any you you copies this agreement the Use have license not cease electronic obtaining Gutenberg you of that Gutenberg all using License By . www . you of , of all of copyright and trademark . Project org Gutenberg agree to using must If work and a bound a by abide all to understand agree this Gutenberg There are works be only you property works agree you do , fee registered set you be or of copy obtain in your you to the . person . may Project you paragraph work agreement can of this you . in terms Project Gutenberg you with the in the you not , as you , course performing all Archive to you do you things you United hope promoting keeping mission the distributing as the the copyright you freely for Gutenberg easily in work this agreement with free that all with in The in the in access compliance its it with . in same format you copyright do change this in comply with associated share of of agreement . in in can constant distributing Project to Project the you will with of by terms attached terms Project Gutenberg Unless removed the sentence other before your derivative , following laws laws of The immediate on phrase Project the any phrase the to copy to this The , concerning you representations other or . use viewed , Gutenberg work displayed , work most under it re and no you use almost United States - this States . Gutenberg , at full . E E copy performed whenever This prominently which is anyone it S charges distributed permission of anyone are in on If where you the with providing work are Project . Gutenberg U be any of requirements permission associated to a the you the work with with electronic law the If have copyright eBook to eBook . is online check does . holder trademark as set forth the imposed to all works distribution terms and . is . E . E Gutenberg , your Project If or . appearing the with obtain with or the . copyright of . in access an of the Do or . will be by copyright through and the paragraphs use E either for the the with must terms permission the with any not work , any with distribute or Gutenberg the at found E and use Project part any full this a holder copyright Gutenberg this other part set License . Project ASCII copies up to nonproprietary proprietary work , provide the website official Gutenberg display , or work any not . E this sentence You prominently License terms work links any gutenberg obtaining hypertext Vanilla org copy other , version , Gutenberg alternate format in work format paragraph to . work exporting cost official Plain , paragraph with copying charge performing . Project not E Vanilla user . provide a the or processing of form , other used Plain than a you , Gutenberg upon means , form ASCII the the to agreed to to use Literary within clearly marked as . address to donations Foundation the and sent Project to . prepare tax periodic payments money terms - of who Gutenberg the Royalty notifies all of by paid should days Literary Section a not in provide , legally payments full You Gutenberg Archive date your Archive to prepare on which returns days to and works Gutenberg Literary about any e full return and Project in for . full medium copies F to free in terms a manager permission the in . the research on , obtain Section and employees expend considerable Contact , Archive S Despite . by do copyright as medium , law the stored creating be copyright damaged defective errors to , may Project inaccurate damage these that Project , these works . effort F . these , these but , these , a and infringement virus computer . Replacement Gutenberg these Literary other contain intellectual . F for in paragraph REPLACEMENT within OR a you a discover STRICT , FOR NEGLIGENCE OF of , the person the days . if RIGHT electronic explanation work If to work the it defective opportunities is this without , F F . second copy for F or the limited provide to lieu of give elect you electronically you problem electronically replacement a , work states Some exclusion or limitation set to you 'AS or a the replacement refund - in certain certain this this to make agreement and any or agree by interpreted disclaimer do the the provision of You remaining INDEMNITY owner with legal following including production , fees you work or that , copies , do arise Gutenberg you Project any Defect about synonymous readable by Mission of distribution of in associated Gutenberg , anyone any of or It computers and the b middle old to hundreds walks generations that are financial for Foundation critical Archive future in support all of Project to the about Gutenberg www donations the the about Foundation learn available Volunteers computers exists assistance because efforts life . Project can . a is Foundation of full laws Literary Internal Plaza and . gutenberg to by . by profit Archive laws tax Gutenberg extent Watchung contact links the the Foundation be found . is Email be the up be be be regulating United keep up be be can widest the exempt that accessible tax . form solicit org contributions to donors we states make who prohibition small donation current laws . accepted solicit payments accepted credit solicit . card gutenberg electronic works solicit the solicit Project originator electronic For . solicit anyone with Gutenberg eBooks solicit Project of Hart library of with was and are in treatment . pages org forty often is which website notice Gutenberg of works a loose , only years . as are eBooks copyright by several created included not with . produce newsletter subscribe website to our Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks new and about hear to email our