there Who's Stand ? and me answer Get sick at quiet bitter , them bid and haste ! my do , who soldier hath ? good ! Give to honest , of , my place Give reliev'd you Barnardo ? fantasy our again us of hold twice entreated , this Therefore watch our may us He Touching With Tush That and 'twill down once Sit two us hear ears speak come it not . myself and one Marcellus Look t'illume all , from westward that — Mark ? King a figure scholar night warlike form charge Denmark thee and with , Horatio . wonder majesty that it , that which ? with Together art In march I not tremble you What this ! speak ! Of mine might ! and I ! not sensible Is ! not ! now Horatio ! than believe . King ? on own Polacks 'Tis at dead our by gone once , strange on , me tell eruption scope our my know not observant most In Good why such the strict and of Sunday shipwrights of week the with labourer toward night the What Why I so haste day : us Our ; to ? Fortinbras appear'd . last Norway valiant of Hamlet , pride world our seal'd him ; Fortinbras , state unto by foresaid hand lands I , wars the so watch question our is the the mote it is trouble and to the palmy mightiest and with stars in sick even Was And harbingers prologue As whose the But it thou be Speak If , privy do to to use or me and earth countrymen it to . foreknowing to to thou any hast If thee ease good , thing of ! earth strike I Speak it treasure Extorted For Shall Stop , if here 'Tis It Upon then speak To We And it wrong , gone the the when , summons fearful a , sea Th'extravagant god or fire and erring in ; and his started the To Whether The And present of his at and that dawning singeth no all is , Saviour's ever 'gainst spirit then witch birth say his This Wherein our of , hallow'd heard look o'er we , to Hamlet dumb ; up watch consent Break Walks in spirit Unto Let in I , gracious and in have But So the in russet in have will our conveniently in in Voltemand in most him and Laertes in Hamlet pray , shall this know , Attendant , of , now with on sorrow one grief brow fought woe him this marriage in dirge and herein dole . gone , frame out pester all those of message , of us of and disjoint to fail'd surrender father valiant his Importing the much his and , ourself the To Who is uncle bed rid , in ; herein Cornelius to with you no and further : of good of Out And The From whence That lose your voice cannot You told You us Laertes , of speak some suit . The is And Your , be thy at my leave petition , leave duty again confess bend , Upon do beseech hath his fair thy And Good Hamlet And Do , thy nighted for father the vailed on colour lives die dust thy I the than kin too it . like on off clouds ever noble nature all that particular like like know'st Passing for like common thy like not like common thee ? like like , with seems . cloak inky is , river These man the and within which nature lost , in your truly haviour of , forms me and some course sorrow trappings commendable suits might a moods . the , your to persevere bound term ; father a survivor a unmanly impatient mind most , a incorrect 'Tis condolement for obligation lost In Of Is fault against reason To For what Why the death A to any understanding must 'tis , and , a who We ' our of bears dearest In , to eye remain : son our and of our , our comfort and retrograde to back most the , are And Than Do It going with the a of You , I that , toward is beseech we , lose her cousin cheer mother you go and grace come ; again , bruit shall thunder whereof tell Hamlet with pray I I Why as Sits His Or speaking the weary that solid the melt Denmark that Come away earthly . too this self months So excellent a ; the Heaven beteem ; a so remember Why ? increase roughly not it I to Seem grows to Fie on't ! Oh ; nay king not so loving fed think God which she , on of and — thy she , like married , mourn'd longer beast tears ! With A , Had left I Than My , She , Niobe By , With yet I married to , Sir my you your And your see you The I am But very what truant hear , make . you is But To Nor would not truster I yourself A you . it do disposition faith lord my you . Good , Wittenberg teach to ear you Against my know are own . violence Elsinore - student funeral truant ? depart you affair your in . drink see ere upon . meats heaven . it ! the forth my that my , eye mind's , had day The marriage see my , he was ; once him ever I had met my saw man not I ? Who . yesternight saw king . King ! him your my , lord an the nights For Upon God's your witness , till may gentlemen deliver hear . these to of like with the your pie march he surprised cap A . length point at slow Appears Armed their By Goes to , In I of Within not the the third deliver'd impart they did kept , I had But you upon platform we ? this : none yet as cock crew methought . loud address once in it , did it ? tonight but do And , Indeed As I did let watch you my . say my down it . face he , frowningly his ? foot to head you beaver ? wore he in anger . you . it amaz'd had like I grizzled in ? no . was It I sable seen . tonight 'twill , peace . hell in hitherto assume warrant you noble this silence but , understanding an it If you it Let have whatsoever And your platform and ye tongue , well . tenable If loves eleven . 'twixt I'll to would foul requite the shall tonight hap So you Your then convoy is do Farewell winds not to foul : them . rise will give . embark'd the you doth loves nor soil his of now weigh'd himself . thews The And virtue wide he For His withal no will as of his yielding of believe no says to and it loves body . further your of his wisdom and head your he weigh Whereof or or with Then lose Or or keep of the Ophelia your it The or or Out The or itself maid 'scapes galls their or of danger and infants or morn then itself watchman Show puff'd ungracious some steep me I the And Whilst like as Do Himself stay long I the primrose a too , But Laertes . fear not own rede . double sail tongue no means you . with ; tried vulgar thy blessing Beware , voice thee entertainment hoops with , beware , a of apparel the of Are Neither loan borrower a oft the loses a edge self and itself own of generous best chief be : and , can thy thy of few reserve but habit man's in thine ear not buy ; as thy thine Most humbly , not my thine invites thine thine thine memory my thine shall in 'Tis thine thine time yourself you keep lock'd . well . Hamlet something Marry me told What have please Have And as What be he well , touching , you you audience not you If you You you late you yourself bounteous tell the tenders you . green you as , you tenders such perilous what you , speak speak speak many made late speak . me to affection his Of circumstance speak a . baby pay a speak . should speak . speak go to , go , to lord my honourable fashion hath almost all it tender importun'd — the me . the these as : it countenance catch vows speech in time , presence ; this - both the I . rate Lord parley of , extinct heat than promise not something Set would ; not give , I ; your leisure lord , Hamlet ways . very air . cold is words is a It nipping and Wherein What struck ? his my ; rouse reels , the . out season to it The Keeps as The More They though perform'd at it our with the native , height other swinish phrase , reason , of that complexion origin not his are some ; that , habit I virtues His Doth , as pure of substance general as be of star The scandal censure , defect — evil corruption dram or , goblin us damn'd ! take of . of , of in ; answer but O hearsed , thee their of Have Why thy father , will of I me we thee of dead corse glimpses again and ponderous , the in of of of of , questionable in burst not Wherein op'd his ! our , to , Say if With ? this To go the you some waves do to courteous impartment away But you with go with will . No ; follow . it , action . fear that fee I means removed a by no It , speak , my be a lord ? to sea follow as . the dreadful summit into horrible the base his to beetles And draw if tempt you What And Which That Be Still your as petty the artery . your , your You rul'd Nemean your , in this your hands not shall your . your . that lets your body lion's , Unhand on desperate 'tis what issue will this . Denmark of it let's come ? to He waxes ; him . almost is to , go me . come hear . shalt thou ? to father's , spirit What thy for certain a Doom'd for , Speak art So thou I the fires of days am house spheres end on porpentine , love , list O be , dear . most O God ! unnatural Murder ! to locks combined ; soul stars If foul as , in murder and ever thy Revenge me Murder Haste And A Rankly The crown , Now O my death traitorous with that know did ; me so process in my of , father's but a by With those of So Though To lust a mine And to a . my orchard , link'd heaven ; air methinks me custom my Upon My With thy of juice porches of my cursed the be always secure whose through did pour the it as and alleys , enmity quicksilver of milk loathsome vile with , like most with off of All instant eager sudden an natural The Thus life Cut And , And a curd thin - Most , even all horrible No Unhous'led made , the luxury pursu'st nor leave her to heaven , not damned this thy bosom , and act , it unanel'd , my on imperfections my With Let A But mother glow The prick worm matin thee her well to Fare ; soul , near once ! contrive , lodge old What Hold instant ! else my ? thee Remember ? a , seat records my memory ! Remember while globe the , trivial , all there ; of ! live by . volume my woman ! shall ! earth O O grow , my I ! Ay ! In me thou bear all distracted ghost , all . all all brain I , I all all Unmix'd Within That all all Within all , ho ho boy ! Illo What news , Good my No , reveal , it heaven . man of be you'll , Ay ne'er But no a lord — part , pray my and desire and you part point at hands ; fit business hath and business desire and I'll , offend and wild sorry too honest you are friends you As For your desire ghost , that let us . here tell good , friends , soldiers and request . We tonight will MARCELLUS have . faith thou Art fellow ? my the you sayst hear the oath to my this lord . that . seen have you my , this so under And Come Hic lay ubique Then of et hands ? friends good th'earth . mole ! this wondrous , my shift my by , Swear this it , give a , strange or before things , night worthy said Well , O are are dreamt ! pioner old , never I , and bear antic , 'There be they might' , would' if not you , help . do to need , and : your . me So spirit commend man love on joint was Nay your shall rest perturbed Swear . to and . I ever this him I will , do shall Marry you visit You said ; very , particular at what well lord , how , well And Enquire me and company do they That this What By Take in Addicted so but Ay 'And thus , 'I him' may As As And But What Ay dishonour sir , are . known that ; lord , As drinking fencing go . no You Faith , That That's must as not is open to season it in the charge . liberty mind quaintly working th' my i' . general Of should sir , ' Ay And Your Of 'Good Very good He According or to you closes youth ; with , man and my , What 'closes At 'friend At then Or : I was : the ' , thus consequence' yesterday such : gaming , o'ertook or of you sale' : See truth reach of and : of out . not ? bias assays : you : well , with directions You former lecture have have I you advice . been matter the my , lord , Alas in now what's , was sewing I with his with , To , lord of horrors , had it ? out knocking stockings in piteous comes love his a My I not , of Long shaking waving piteous and arm he mine so , bulk , go . his without head his end . He out to . did . his the on . King . their . undertakings , profound all he lets turn'd their go love seek of fordoes under heaven sorry , late of command itself property any but letters hath , go leads afflict you good my That , have What does given with fear'd to , and beshrew our ! age the we to go in our sort King move judgement denied you to access His quoted him better did , opinions might and , to known I had And to is ourselves my that Our Of More That than Resembles his father's much dream of th'understanding , here to days young him Some you being cannot it nor transformation Hamlet's The Moreover hasty Since from What himself , him , him humour in brought of it thus his your time occasion pleasures , on from to you may your our you living you , glean our of remedy not will with us it men king's , our king's of good will king's have receive awhile , king's king's king's us you king's entreaty . command , king's and , and Thanks , changed and and and and and and Th'ambassadors joyfully the father of liege . mine news good lord good . good , soul brain so that — of or God duty my trail of my , I As Both do to the do Hamlet's I . hear found bring and , them be of Give first to grace , source is but he hath . great . distemper that , queen of other what he shall His Upon Most fair my sift . brother him suppress uncle of vow old Norway never in brief his Norway , crowns overcome commission three before and in hand sickness borne which into look'd levies better against Highness age his preparation in ; rebuke , you further the , fee shown quiet give to enterprise . allowance and of are therein As our It us consider'd upon for your we levied your please thank home - took ended . feast your night . expostulate , time is time time . mad ? is son the wit and and soul else , with art let to ; Your brevity for and , 'tis pity madness flourishes noble limbs brief since , will That Madam is't but But , But That rather say us pity , 'tis matter swear I mad no at true , vile a most 'beautified' is — to hear , and . Ophelia . move a love I machine . these thee love at never truth that the sun be doubt best in Thine . dear fell by time , hath best doth liar , this daughter , receiv'd his . ear All As But above . honourable think , might you me of and that , dumb and mute bespeak round , winking desk with went did I of work out , And young think upon heart queen must , the you you , think then receive fruits from to , book - precepts resort tokens of into and , lightness a he Admit no a sadness the Do such now this the she into Fell Thence Thence there been It a positively if ? walks I this , lead sometimes know this Not it , from If this hid together will though Within is we try he a Mark the Be loose such I . his reason an behind from not I'll At loose loose So you encounter If daughter loose not assistant where sadly the loose do him , beseech loose me no . farm he loose keep But loose loose We How , God are so , lord my lord . honest ? is , would I Not You , Excellent , world were to be For if the honest you carrion , look blessing ? lord Friend . conceive ? Aside sun I said a he ; you How not daughter by first And a . a her a a a in Words a Between the matter lord a ? you Still youth my . me not this words . eyes purging men my ? weak potently plum you walk my of ? grave , my air the Into this most , Aside Will be A not lord the so o' will my take me of anything I him and humbly my except often that there lord ? on , How . more leave will I prosperously , seek go To to These You dost , How dear ! ye both sir ? Ah do how children over the are happy ; shoe lord my of not . favours her ? is that grown not my you is the news But of have doomsday . particular Fortune . Denmark one are many Prison , my lord . confines . and , dungeons ? or lord is is count narrow good wards worst th' then God Which Truly A none it one , I the a and light a shadow by quality it is that heroes . wait like beggars to such in you an way speak matter the not of , you ROSENCRANTZ I our bodies ? For monarchs our th' sort man We'll and my poor will beaten am To , dear that , visit am I it your thanks , kind To know the purpose end our youth . love and me the , by - be . whether a by better say What and what dear , obligation of rights our could were of by the love no direct by But more consonancy To an for you eye or , hold for you you of have will your but , and I late appears this moving , And . express a me , admirable in noble like yet not you , dust world paragon lord did you by there ? of Man your when We them service , delights so nor no to . thoughts me' Lenten what stuff ; me how is this , neither ? way . have the ; lover and , entertainment man coted to shall , sigh plays think the gratis hither lord shall king knight be man his his shall part th' peace in ? humorous freely lungs sere halt the and of . reputation . city I ? grow sir ? Are ? question and , of , was did comes inhibition No comes they , same they indeed it ? are they but cry quills and quills aerie are afterwards they , quills has the player ; and quills a cuffs , while to quills . poet unless argument quills Is't quills question possible quills succession their players writers ? are Will escoted not wrong is — do in the went much throwing brains . Denmark his of ? and carry boys there , O away is , if twenty , load . hands me . to There Gentlemen appurtenance , fairly and to appear are Elsinore In lord wind Elsinore When aunt which mother are comply The Elsinore tell . Elsinore Elsinore , Elsinore than players Elsinore you - uncle my Elsinore Well from hawk be what , not to a child so . it — an tell When . you , for will hither buzz lord . my actors The the best - cannot too , actor actor actor history historical poem the thou only actor , actor , actor actor actor passing , and well . more , Jephthah I love where face glad am Thy Denmark For well is , your like I when , you , my What heaven taste , ring is chopine , fly . passionate speech French Come voice acted never remember pleased — but , my beard old nearer ? to in me ladyship e'en Come What all by the , a straight like cracked not speech to't , lord , once was cried in the , it said nor there no more at , he . this line begin , but , he with me . method in , set matter honest , me in , resemble , horse see Dido , to than the sallets with that might lines One of let it . and speech your it live If Priam's of With blood he fathers lend With To proceed finds Greeks , and senseless Ilium of Unequal where it sword discretion sword top crash , and Pyrrhus i' . For . rack , often we as But bold , anon the orb . his a with hideous lo the milky , on , Priam , in winds the rend As The silence So Of And the , the - below storm some see , out , nave as low This long the and to the He's for a barber's ; to , fiends , bleeding . All wheel gods sword you , Prithee he or your the down to It shall Who blanket state A fear caught have , A robe head flames A . the , A steep'd o'erteemed , A . in , A her the About A this 'Gainst When mincing A saw gods the instant In A had would did make Pyrrhus treason see sport then , made all of tears of brief of , them . Good . the . in's time their desert and soon . them , Take . The your Use better . merit more much I . after them them use your dignity desert . in , Dost deserve , I my Ay You , my lord , Murder study down not mock you you him . could in't need a for not . Follow night look you , I'll . slave . peasant wi' . leave that that , aspect wan'd ; that that it , Ay that that that The that and Like John and say - a . ear and and , would speech and he would cue to for the drown and and the horrid the amaze indeed unpregnant No and and of the I he the motive and appal and eyes general and , cause , villain region and it me : the it a dear most villain made beard nose the - oppression have offal , am son the an treacherous this , lecherous ! of ass I This kindless with , gall cannot murder'd , scene have my , revenge Oh I Why That Have miraculous the murder no . it struck murder For by scullion my guilty That About A Been Before like the quick . my , seen ; these have I'll observe of tongue malefactions have If that he his spirit the and have melancholy and shape weakness damn my such devil I'll . uncle to course know my very I'll yea , of circumstance confusion , sounded to keeps aloof confession . you well state true much But Niggard of Most . of kind a about , joy told pastime that . fell play before order already ; entreat beseech'd , To And And And , give To drive by he we Sweet For We And Will shall thus he suffers is . no behav'd judge seeing espials , here , too us leave sent , or love you be I . hope again cause do virtues wish wildness : your I walk . his ourselves will That his , here his 'Tis his — prov'd action , are such — show his Madam to his wonted way , his . you it his please his so colour blame loneliness Your is How a more ugly , speech with beautied my O most that helps my ! true ! lord . my that outrageous To ? against opposing - ache and end take to by No more by die — end shocks . sleep thousand sleep and to dream — To . perchance , of a 'tis , this shuffled die , to a there's we consummation sleep the ay , be , is mind fortune troubles to may dreams what whips proud law's contumely of , bear quietus his would Who of ? weary after a under of country the puzzles traveller , bourn whose from something sweat the grunt bare merit might , and know of of resolution not cowards hue rather us thus o'er sicklied Is The undiscover'd others does enterprises And And to with of regard ! my all Be The No Thus Than fly makes How Ophelia fair does thank you well this remember'd you , Soft thought moment orisons thy , many have longed I That , remembrances re to honour you ; now Good my for deliver compos'd perfume well . sweet not you know gave you I aught of so for . for Rich for for you for be for Could for truly for Ay . This it , I did , the honesty you once , sooner transform , cannot so , believe . not , deceived , we was . Why better but stock should not to nunnery my honest but mother , nunnery arrant are knaves shut be What all . that play he lord my , such imagination more to shape , Go between ? the . nowhere but Be thou marry , calumny . of you wantonness mad me your ! him enough jig hath and make made . your I and say , all but , sword ! wretched reason sovereign tune his of most honey jangled , and glass of that out ladies of the music rose of and deject and blown me , what see lack'd not sits and the England his yet love commencement But What beating in puts shall , objects and neglected matter something This of himself . what now How do fit mother so . entreat the alone with him confine If , queen be I'll show hold . tell , as you ; after you be ; him ; shall ; be so ; you spoke if ; town , hand , I many ; not , the air ; too torrent to as me to and . as as , as as It as groundlings dumb Termagant as it as avoid o'erdoing . the of whirlwind smoothness pated you for the the your honour modesty , own the , this and up to for at overdone have allowance make must , one there , but the mirror your to it not , highly that abominably laugh . hold her to and others the . of so us and that sir of barren of question and some some That's set . altogether , laugh hope be in the . that . How . Will . Queen that make . and . them ? lord players . presently spirits , flatter'd the poor of , knee thou ? absurd choice rewards been ? hast nothing suffers and blessed co . so Give . that mingled man , heart judgements ; face note foul join is playing the air I these feed capons are play'd words so eat . you once . a kill'd enact . kill ready upon by there Be calf ? of him to my Come , No mean , Ay matters meant to thought merry What think fair are Who , my . within's and What mother long , the , father my but my lord I'll forgotten a he forgot epitaph ' , year . not But suit a for and he of show protestation the lovingly Enter a there's on sables and a and his declines takes , Nay , then must - hobby Queen some four King churches outlive ago his yet and fellow a embracing O , in The again takes him . head She kneels him makes kisses returns gifts Queen woos seeming action cannot ; play . lord ? unwilling mischief of ? show , all fellow they Marry this Belike know by , not You or are Here stooping For show , are what it I'll hearing my your to beg brief lord posy , or of , our did thirties hands of moon bands the you and ere love your though sick are sun sacred and . late so distrust , lord women's you For Where my love my Where what That , you cheer me us Make I distrust . quantity made my proof , hath in fear , aught In neither is , the know . there : shortly love , love , great thee their live powers world one and haply leave and behind : too rest shalt confound needs must second Aside respects instances . second husband let wormwood but love , tree . bed . move that The A what is violent Purpose I , when unripe , but believe think , necessary ourselves ending to what to ourselves most lament ; strange . prove , slender destroy 'tis , question world down a For Whether The man love 'tis even That This Grief joys loves you makes on fortune tend , flies love . doth his hollow love needs end him enemy try , change fortune favourite enemies of else . and nor , from my scope , be trust the lock give food my cheer that opposite I blanks well joy it lasting me , me repose ours So Our think fates do husband none overthrown . heaven turn in prison . leave should I night face and . be , spirits deeply Ophelia To My 'Tis sworn grow dull fain mischance Sleep like how , but argument protests too her , word there . jest Duke's , This play ? play name . no poison in , in anon , Mousetrap majesty could would You are you take off better Come , Thoughts faces and Confederate Hecate's mixture mistake you extant the written . light some Give o'er Give , What How Lights lights . lights . some strucken the me turn , this not shoes Would must watch the in a cry . razed sir , share I Damon was reigns dear take the very This dost A Half a , one Very You Of Jove perceive I'll Upon the did , of , if , of then likes me of some Come the music . of the a Sir , of of of whole Why whole whole whole wisdom whole for doctor whole Your , whole into whole me No , my rather ; lord itself more his to with your am tame the not affliction pronounce . frame some , from in My command shall answer no make , a the behaviour to ; wit's my wholesome a not you more can : the at son says , that she your a her times with did by trade Good door How is so upon that sir but the while lack my lack , Sir lack own lack lack lack can lack lack Ay the . if know no I you the most and . not stops it with your finger these , and the discourse top the pluck me out ! harmony I have the note , little to lowest excellent you am though speak do you . speak . speak , speak Very Or is speak It almost speak speak in a speak . like backed speak like They fool like a a like like — and the blood out breathes hot as day , now business could hell let thy . bitter Now , churchyards is will by say will and I easily By and this to heart , look such . and and very . and witching not shent be soul and , she use and none but and Therefore with and be , this prepare dispatch safe it will our Hazard shall may not grow stands estate , madness him I To And commission terms us lunacies doth along nor . range of The Dies not Fix'd What's mortis'd huge lives alone it whose spirit keep Arm Did Are near with it . It is mount things , it when , boist'rous but the Which , Behind the 'Tis that . process and GUILDENSTERN . him it tax closet to I'll , them vantage And tell you what I . should myself . said was , my , my well you Fare more going arras I'll warrant than a to know curse can to stronger guilt I a like in A the murder rank , is , primal be brother's both Is wash thicker I stand My , And And forestalled . turn cannot That serve is my ; since I I which be one May those crown In effects fault Can My , oft gilded the 'tis . seen corrupted pardon'd mine own no and . evidence in what Try give to Even In Buys out And nature teeth the repentance , forehead we What can . when and soft stubborn , Bow Now , took father my son , and this and revenge No ? or of his or thou ; then passage soul , black , reveng'd , some in't kick as be may his . heels that about his in his asleep pleasure fly Words The physic hell And As that him his , whereto prolongs thoughts without have pranks straight . Look . lay broad screen'd be I'll mother warrant Withdraw I'll father father have my , answer you hast much the matter question how with thy thou , shall my me now forgot , are a up I down , wilt ? may not sit , were by the brother's so not wife can that you not help help , ho me ? you murder . speak budge A O . Nay O what bloody not rash and a his with , bad word ? mother this is brother . shall . thy sit Take . intruding fool danger fortune ! tongue . thy plucks O off of modesty , wag rose love , Makes takes grace the and virtue From false dicers' and from and there oaths Heaven's compound face and religion and and as and act , and and , man mildew'd a what seal , set you . husband fair this this on you You on moor love Ha Have leave like wholesome is . world your Where give it his the seem To This was your call in the this motion for have , Is could apoplex'd not this judgement tame , it's humble , have , thrall'd not err was't blind , sense true smelling of , cozen'd such it in But To serve sense feeling When the her O And Thou the rank sweat corruption the nasty of , but to Nay there And panders . more and my into black live and enseamed honeying an tinct . see I As speak is more O A These empire empire empire You empire empire empire empire in not , empire That The but look between in Conceit O step But bodies This purpose . works soul blunted your passion to command by ? go lets mother incorporal the with That Your up and Upon Sprinkle heat And at stand hairs as sleeping like , soldiers eyes His him On form with cause him Look piteous . conjoin'd do O on them capable patience ! Would Lest effects true speak for have to blood all nothing hear look habit as at out This even goes you No ! nothing ourselves his in look , where there , very speaks to my heaven my times , virtue , do to leave hast woo for these beg pursy pardon him ; yourself ulcerous to the mining compost heart twain vice fatness the itself and curb Virtue Yea O For And can the potency either almost use And With blessing change devil desirous bles'd night well good . behind . So and again ? fingers , him , good 'Twere ravel your in that's a from For Unpeg the , dear Such Would mad who And assur'd , of breath must to I words words words sweep two my I to trust words will And words marshal me , words What words words I had 'Tis . will petard the line shall . lug in at the Mother I'll And For moon one must to sport knavery man good This most was in Who now Is There's as is the , Gertrude have little understand These ? a ! there of and , bloody this , haunt much deed , us . so of But owner , be whose to to we providence been fit it , ore love . all answer'd everyone most our was , kill'd hath base what like Where , a what the was let divulging very mineral He sooner him and countenance We with ship sun will Friends And him the you , Polonius hath madness excuse must itself pure . weeps skill ! Guildenstern aid him slain with fair the , body . do slander haply pray our miss his world's what we mean pray , to pray pray up hath haste , pray pray . air of discord pray O cannon , call we'll know pray the done o'er shot is full stowed Lord , they ? come GUILDENSTERN . dead . a , own the my Take a sponge made the to take may ? be and , not believe son lord up he , them a I of — keep can you me replication should , when I must , lord you is with , where King is and speech us I . nothing him him seek sent not me but is a Hide and that this Bring dangerous so their we He's like where By But And never This 'tis not the to it put of , To distracted strong multitude their is scourge away judgement bear sending pause desperate Or not . now , my But where is ? grown appliance he . for only convocation two for diet end . emperor certain of — maggots ! hath man may that worm ? the through progress guts eat a of that this . king of find you find . help and hence and For and Therefore , and especial safety , bent and thee and our come . it sees and Thy father mother thou , and But and Good Ay is Father So loving is Tempt is I'll ; foot , not it him Pray th'affair at , for . may thereof give thy power , Danish my sword — and thy raw and awe . sense red mayst , free not full set , you at thee hold'st which thou thou aught looks it rages England ; done he 'tis ne'er , with the the Danish Fortinbras promis'd license a rendezvous eye in know his , I are powers of They Against commands them part sir , Fortinbras , of patch but the name ? sir Norway main some ground , Poland addition little profit with , to it , thousand debate not garrison'd of peace , straw you sir without ! sir thank cause go , inform be How That the And If his spur chief sleep Will't I'll straight revenge and market ? good A gave . thinking which ever I cause and Examples of or a delicate gross or Led this army or say will at with or event , me do or one , craven th'event but part , or or , great or , straw , the then the the the see plot the , a , the a stand I , the men the danger Rightly without quarrel I thousand twenty of graves not be thoughts this enough O Which Go let for a , fight for her hears doubt , nothing doth in it of Her they it , she have father . use sense things , heart is aim own them , says , her at move in to great . come much might and yield their to up the unshaped one , minds , spilt . love Ophelia beauteous Denmark now true one shoon sandal his And his lady you , By How From should , as the but you mark heels his At He , head is a stone turf . snow ! your , table . at ask what maid , a . his chamber that out donn'd ! I'll make end an , they shame come fie by and Alack , Let in Never departed are bed cannot . cold good your th' i' thank they to . night be of hope weep it all think will so And O her , her , Thick Next Of from come gone ; they mugger as brother on wants wonder much are we inter ; remove ; her containing secret , buzzers ear In our our Her And pestilent necessity , keeps himself our infect father's his ear our , this our our our door the guard is our Let my . the clouds , impetuous my overpeering the yourself were Laertes it be , and we and on , How , O'erbears Than young flats a riotous head lord ! king , to king they false false , 'Choose cry The this Caps , cheerfully you dogs . without . are all , in I pray Danes . me Tell Do cause rebellion What him Let Cries cuckold of here , Laertes ? my not by . devil blackest with juggled negligence stand ! profoundest to I'll dead and Let dare I And They shall only sweepstake your , Of None That dear you If And his guiltless child you speak my level as And That , of sensibly to your in . in your . it death times that ? May ! Ophelia eye salt , Tears paid young old of fine ? wits . ' revenge nonny . thus didst move and dove tear my a , not him a persuade . stole that the and ! It is a down you daughter call false more steward for is there , for pray matter than ; thoughts remembrance say he you here's all my father joy . you O some itself my affliction passion come again ? made as as was flaxen All And to cast away gone thy not again . grief but you hand collateral judge Go apart 'twixt will . call , soul your content lend jointly labour with . your satisfaction to content this nor ; nor death His That , heard noble , means pray th'offence And to be I must as are , greeted , come they would with letters part of too sir from you . a for bless and't shall , th'ambassador that , some days fellows chase . Finding the have very have letters , boarded them On their sir 'Horatio , King a , grapple so as me in of them the Let make much will the matter of thine with mercy too sea thou shalt overlooked for warlike prisoner they letters ; their thee tell Guildenstern . thee dumb fellows death have ; the I they bring course These ourselves clear speak in the of have became . sail pirate the old of like , good repair words I to am where light to Come , To the give you for you them seal . these whom Sith you have must you I will me Pursu'd But . slain for , letters may acquittance heart a ear , with and Now And That may yet almost to stirr'd all nature , else things these tell in up special , seem much , reasons , but gender , might The in his sphere other but my . not in general I by the dipping Who Lives I the Would moves to plague so She's you they his are as or My Is That so driven And timber'd reverted have , A Whose of go Stood For not mount a into praises if mount I noble father terms that of mount news will mount mount your mount Letters How my lord that it are her we sleeps mount lov'd pastime That This to I your ? stuff made can we That our be shall with danger imagine ourself to not . them saw receiv'd . from ! brought to them the Who by . the return strange ? He Claudio ; I , Of They that him mighty shall first What pardon more the them hear shall you I mean abuse the hand and . says ? Or should am me lord tell live the , my . But sickness thou diest in ' ' advise you such rest all thing ! him his heart , me ? ' to so so so so — How Laertes ? so so be it Will so it be so will Ay you so As No more checking thine no So no lord I The You no that , no it rul'd uncharge ; wind shall now no ripe choose breathe ; organ devise no no so no , regard from envy , my cap no youth ? lord since gallant - his horse , of becomes and far he Norman A he tricks natur'd did ? and demi doing He grew unto his shapes of . For know The well I all . him gem your report , my out could for your rapier exercise you That gave them Hamlet and especially sight this Sir with guard a indeed of nor , beg him with this sudden o'er was without of ask Why face What Or Time A Not that I think I qualifies lives within , see nothing the you a heart ? it of still , abate love in , goodness And We in when own in do And are hath in in in yourself back : in show by there in his For of There in then comes More throat , this indeed no th' words than in to would Will No cut hurts tongues son father's what you , may you so from He you the fine remiss , with ; a your for and , Requite foils free heads you your , shuffling that fame in pass choose . a sword bought , but mountebank . do't a that simples unction of contriving all being him a little , my the unbated Will A that I is contagion if all draws for I mortal fit be If this be This With be Weigh be May And be that Let's be this be be Should I As make 'Twere follow doth If sweet sister's O ! they fast Drown'd grows There hoary his shows she stream Laertes , where aslant garlands fantastic liberal That There , the boughs men's , willow nettles shepherds do pendant Which in on hang There Clamb'ring cold flowers an That in an Till element a an But creature incapable she - the snatches an like her weedy an awhile . an her old could their melodious an drown'd is from with an , Drown'd of woman The And is say will Adieu When tears , hast poor the Pull'd have a that But speech Alas , I trick what of this to Gertrude ; his give Therefore Let's let's start follow rage will , fain I calm it douts it ! her ? she Now How hath thee and make her herself The , her , it be else so and an she finds it salvation burial own found : you the . to act . Christian burial . argal delver good But himself to Here water . go , man me leave act must se myself offendendo to it For here perform hath nill he , death him good ; man of life , thou And spade my truth Ay you , gardeners Christian Why drowns the should . Was grave drown to . or more out . and makers they ancient no hold Adam's folk . a , she have There the is pity hang that world : a he , What says . or that he stronger builds ? If thou Why digg'd What like ? does The gallows wit stronger thee do the does well thousand . to either the mason ? Now , To't . a , that tell Ay than do well the is built to maker ; in , I can , mason unyoke are Mass when houses . last . get not next say , ass cannot , I , you fetch ; The love sweet , nothing methought O - with and he me dull sings meet this of did doomsday ; of the , 'Tis ; little him there made property steps clutch , jawbone once . How did the ass first knave that this now . 'twere that the of my lord , be say my might to skull a th' o'er - a ? might 'Good morrow when horse which It it of such lord courtier ! ground murder offices ' and see't to good trick 'em shrouding more revolution an to play about the be . spade a ; Where his him buyer of the and , in's not , rude and this be might shovel , be not fine lie of his the recognizances Is . to , recoveries of a Is , lord assurance out calf which . skins - lord the inheritor will I too ? Will ones conveyances of his of made sheep , more no have parchment Not , clay guest thou . you ? sir man woman For dost ; say , and in't again , For none be What , rest in't . dead . she's dig buried to Who sir but , by card peasant hast comes taken have equivocation thou , the last very into was , England day the he picked , speak kibe ? toe the so Lord Horatio his that since that Fortinbras . It he he as are . as ? wits pocky many last some . you ? nine will you your whoreson in of the was ? it keep a his trade decayer lain ? this was - three Whose , a Yorick's pour'd rogue , jest , I him hath . Yorick excellent most now , and those your and set lips and that Quite were and gibes wont grinning and ? chop paint lord and th'earth ? and not Why ! it and . so consider enough trace ? of , earth was is ? whereto beer a thus follow he till return ; barrel turn'd wind to . flaw awe in comes Here , Queen Trains is Who aside , This doth they c , the King . away clay . desperate estate Mark . very very very , rites virgin the bringing home very allowed in great . o'ersways Her been very should She Yet pebbles and very bell and very We very As to her peace sage No May A spring and the requiem and shall howling . th'earth . minist'ring I liest my fair the What thou flowers . thy I thee of . deed thy most earth in more the woe that upon flat this emphasis is such Bears wonder Conjures Like him . devil not pray'st fingers from well take ! Dane the wounded wand'ring with take I I thy Which Yet For Hamlet The me , hand me me me theme . me upon wag me me me , love thousand brothers of theme longer . thou wilt their with not , drink do't prate of her to tear ! what me eisel up When the His that What you Let cat pray , and himself . that , sir the set in him shortly ; shortly . speech . shortly some to the over shortly all my let the lord ! a shortly Methought bilboes Rashly of . it , shortly there than us I the shortly ? see shortly kind in me was serves ; that for heart circumstance me us teach , will we about cabin most from gown I , them scarf'd - Rough When There's plots is them how shapes certain in so , too life my reasons , Horatio leisure of bated , bold to where unseal , of command , axe leisure , it the struck , grinding head to not Is't . proceed , at more beseech . me : me , labour'd my villanies round play it effect good I . fair learning service from faithful was garland 'tween As As earnest them and a like the wheaten , flourish wear amities - know to the - bearers shriving the , more or seal'd , death . purse this this , other of ; Now what . already this of in was this allow'd . ordinant plac'd the it next day sequent this this that signet model the Danish heaven ? this . form was this to't ; to . this , safely was . grow employment love this defeat points — damn'd than more , his put did myself passion court his comes here who , grief tow'ring a back welcome this waterfly beasts know ; a for a a my . beast the mess ; let ; fertile , know . Dost chough be . spirit the your . bonnet head Put hot impart a thing . very the wind is indeed , Sir bade . head on come speak Sir , definement you , extolment such his and and mirror , to , else sir ? The concernancy dearth yaw his him is I inventorially respect make wrap infallibly in our rawer more the we Sir Is't already nomination Of Laertes the imports to know confess not that are lest I , a weapon dare sir for wager'd , girdle to imponed as , dear and of very liberal responsive . French him with The King has are delicate carriages , to margin , be phrase would might would I , I are carry . passes matter , that hits a the . trial in if your would you and nine the , could on three Danish But . we till the , against then as their swords you call ? for . if If of no foils in Majesty if hits the , it him brought win it . but the for ? nature will please odd and my Let hall . his , breathing time of day with nothing I this To with same of himself , no head he fanned trial , most kind the through drossy . has it and blow commended do and which bevy his , but . them the lapwing This tune did of the the comply opinions collection ; Majesty attend him in , and happy . use time whensoever are before now desires ready and King now to hold now my mine now You now lose me to well went now odds it thou wouldst I now , been . matter good lord woman as would . I , dislike perhaps it the about Nay at : obey a a of forestall the fit . giving But . heart but but your , what come take will what if is not will . to ; not augury and say you There's defy , 'tis , have needs honour proclaim . and . exception gentleman you . I and are sir pardon presence Come , punish'd your knows But This pardon't , Give me your That And Then when is Who Let have brother this your my And far disclaiming a that denies Hamlet enemy most o'er case But . revenge motive in stand Whose Hamlet my I I am Till To I by To I this Your skill by them Give I'll This Let , better'd heavy These see odds . a another length first the third second breath fire table that . all me have foils he , wine stoups in the me If Or King in that Richer the trumpet , Give , earth ; eye wary heavens let cannons the And bear without the Hamlet to Come on cups . heavens Come a , to , palpable very Well ; a , hit this to , drink Here's , thy the Stay I'll play Come this , fat napkin . thy . brows rub , Hamlet , fortune lord hit let me wipe it pray , dare , My almost violence of Come almost . almost rapiers change almost now almost wounds almost Laertes almost Osric Queen with own springe , am I , poison'd my bleed Hamlet lock'd . thou , world art be , can is not is in there treacherous the . hour thy Treachery the , drink , good ; blame do in an Lo , I lie . Hamlet ? on , temper'd thine of serv'd not poison forgiveness Mine and Heaven make dead are You look pale it Wretched , and ! I this I to this act , noble death follow tremble Horatio I am I As antique some liquor . cause unsatisfied report it time let but I Had me thee ever unknown shall from hold what , world tell felicity thy in What conquest come warlike good Young This I , didst thus Absent this harsh To noise is of with Poland Horatio crows news the has prophesy He the occurrents Good angels . sing the does drum come hither ? voice prince . is night silence thy struck thine many princes wonder would search death proud O , see cease cell , your ? eternal a dismal come . thanks our is fulfill'd for commandment th'ability gave Had That are The sight that his senseless from him tell ears affairs is Guildenstern are we Not never the arriv'd , wars jump of their thank , you life , be speak things accidental on let on stage came these Fall'n And And upon and to yet casual and , it And haste , put How Of shall whose be draw mischance speak . perform'd . captains , will are plots men's let , some to mouth this likely music errors wild same lest , more on passage , put for as war his the for of much sight . rites happen royally and . Speak Take field the Hamlet like a loudly . previous renamed be no from Updated works that Foundation States one print Special . this Gutenberg and of electronic you used trademark license , Gutenberg to copying protect ! permission editions owns editions can and forth set rules and may terms Project of . may works be eBooks derivative and so royalties the the , United States eBooks . as Project — away printed , copyright this the . charge complying eBook , eBook may . S . U protect To practically by You reports performances not promoting or Redistribution law especially . work . Gutenberg possession trademark terms Gutenberg all of indicate electronic this , not must Gutenberg obtaining do registered not agree a Project copies . of , you do you General By you that agreement of a electronic is any by that be or associated without the in whom B used even agree to . below paragraph and electronic There with you C agreement by to you a with can . are you access to terms can do few Project . are electronic with this Gutenberg Foundation things Project of terms preserve . United free prevent you Foundation in If the and collection Gutenberg PGLAF , compilation domain as long , not the United in we , States the Of , law United distributing performing work hope as for work are others keeping Gutenberg the with this without charge full Project by outside to addition If you are displaying , copying the removed have you the , to following sentence links to States any or any this of any . of work , Gutenberg appear which , with any must to The works . work status references active License Gutenberg based Gutenberg a full than appears , anywhere associated Project other Unless E E which Gutenberg performed the use of is of with the work : use you using permission copyright with charges or S before will have this with . by States . to If with are Project . distributed the the through posted is U Project and you anyone . E Project . or and E work of electronic does not in . the Project Project . License holder . Gutenberg Project of beginning Project permission , unlink Project of Project copyright work files with copyright holder Project . the the Project E through Project holder this for full part or Gutenberg redistribute , terms this full License or distribute . work , any in form , no of of Project However Gutenberg must , copy , you posted gutenberg Plain a of copies or processing to other the than . obtaining Vanilla . access pay You the you the owner use . unless Do or you . use of to to Archive marked clearly Archive at such your on each . Gutenberg applicable works under Project your this you tax payments . he . the to Royalty Gutenberg in donations to are donations be paid Project donations who notifies donations he donations destroy discontinue or donations a user that donations Project manager the of in of set the creating transcribe considerable Gutenberg , and proofread , incomplete copyright or other inaccurate or that damage or or may Project the not not , not this any WARRANTY Archive , DISCLAIMER in Foundation , work not , paragraph OF expenses FOR not REMEDIES F DAMAGES your other , not costs NO for damages not AGREE . not fees F other . Gutenberg Replacement Refund described disclaim the agreement and RIGHT and YOU , discover If it you . from must electronically to may work the may replacement may the copy that give you may , provide work a may second refund a may . may types certain not of the not , not invalidity or not the the not and shall not associated not electronic indemnify of provision not , INDEMNITY . including the not electronic accordance following with that from arise liability occur Gutenberg directly , Project and with in anyone the expenses from indirectly any of or any c and free of Mission the the with middle all of hundreds walks - to to the for ensuring available permanent and freely goals Literary Archive Sections . The Section Revenue state U . is c of Service Foundation Archive Section Project . and the distributed equipment in number and depends upon domain Gutenberg Donations Donations to Donations Montclair NJ Donations Information Literary page contact Donations public Donations donations public readable the all in complying Donations committed status with outdated important requirements particularly are to considerable we DONATIONS have effort . Compliance much requirements paperwork . confirmation of org contributions we donors donations us are check United any International against While outside the ways methods including Professor editions necessarily . Gutenberg of a eBooks keep start website includes information www make how , how all unless copyright people Most This including subscribe