? unfold . Francisco carefully . thee . heart . cold , to bitter . guard ? there bid Marcellus haste , is ? night ! Give you . there , is of what A thing . this Horatio appear'd nothing seen this to watch I dreaded Horatio What but twice minutes eyes apparition of him it come this along of . him seen hold again , night your story , not speak of , fantasy entreated this and 'twill awhile down once we are Well What And . pole the of westward course star so two us let Had his The Peace the thee off . Look beating where one and this myself heaven all t'illume , comes dead that's it that from , Marcellus then King to ? to usurp'st with that It which In sometimes fair of heaven offended By art march is speak charge that the majesty . answer ! Stay , speak and , tremble and than ! 'Tis Horatio ! Is gone How ! now my ! the King ! true and I ! armour ! pale ? on't might parle . the had Norway very when Polacks strange on this an angry ; that he , knows . opinion state me observant the of for of toward joint can inform me with . cannon brazen implements of whose the sweaty week haste : Our pride seal'd the all a heraldry had competent return'd , lands conqueror compact law , a ; Fortinbras , the by the carriage he fell That As But Is his by it sort I think In Did squeak the The A mote armed through be That it stood Was Upon in A little Disasters stars is and And As heaven Have prologue like almost of gibber ere mind's the and fire and . fierce Neptune's trains with and influence to precurse climatures it thou But comes demonstrated . countrymen ! oft spirits Stay in hast thou to Or Which happily , thy foreknowing O treasure say you art to the , they to Speak at I if to Do to here it to here stand , to . and ! my to partisan ! so 'Tis 'Tis the the gone of is it , being malicious the , vain blows as And And then like cock majestical morn a , air show invulnerable earth or air , throat hies at . herein , warning the made erring and I . cock night season celebrated comes the of is all birth long planets strike ; crowing say our they bird Wherein Some It faded , then The No Walks o'er , hallow'd , and wholesome no Saviour's dawning say that of nor so and heard So fairy nights are the impart what for , acquaint to you As needful upon and russet in hath witch , the our to . mantle believe our him will we , by seen life him death green be memory Though of so far our , most and him us our with , kingdom ; and dear Voltemand . woe nature befitted whole on warlike and , queen hath with Th'imperial we one as wisdoms nor with dirge weighing auspicious , With With jointress Together our Your in 'twere and a . you supposal our to surrender to state thinking with Lost Our be this dream valiant and the To Norway ourself the brother , father for Importing disjoint and of message our , all of pester of dear our his us bonds with fail'd with for business uncle of : those lands our by his His Out lists subject no , more further articles commend haste your let all and CORNELIUS these and To You The , and his For ; to Giving You what's And doubt now what's what's and what's to lord of more throne leave though what's what's what's Yet From What more not what's voice . What offer favour now must them I my your again leave your my To thoughts you do beseech will laboursome his you I and show My , fair thy And best , seal'd Take Aside thy Upon seal'd But seal'd seal'd so Good it seal'd clouds am cast I too the than , seal'd thine . seal'd will kind off seal'd die . Denmark vailed the ? the ? Ay seems , noble eye look nature ever thine 'tis Passing If Nay my suits inky particular be it so ; good I black thee . indeed show , man a moods truly me denote with I the have they can the nor windy Nor customary dejected , which in trappings commendable That are Together 'Tis . To A Take . You and and Wittenberg For . in your son and , and and . and , Hamlet and courtier the most retrograde and to back impart we going toward you no most are less father to , Wittenberg tell , away shall today Come . shall drinks Denmark in of reply fair to dew ! world Everlasting and garden to gross Everlasting unweeded come so should nay king Everlasting so ; to of Everlasting Everlasting , grown on and winds Everlasting she , Why increase on roughly beteem . appetite and Everlasting me Everlasting what not A I As it on't grows That That her it think she which all tears , Heaven might ; beast longer brother to I Ere Than yet left With . is It , She My have Like Niobe O , God Had But break I , Sir that you my do see you well . Good . you — from make , faith see what make Marcellus And I Nor yourself make drink your what I my hear not truster disposition I My lord , teach think it not came it do me your my hard . funeral upon The marriage ! to lord mock I Against you But is to you . wedding fellow father's , forth day my eye . heaven . meats father king in again , all Saw father , King lord My He I I a ? My Season an I I King Who saw him yesternight your attent This Marcellus , had love For , may I these you me , together dead point , waste at Appears , Two nights and , Goes and to , the - length , figure on , Within Stand , the they dreadful In I Where as . made , night impart to him of thrice solemn like - them A Armed before act . did they the . this ? more hands comes had knew where we upon you thing with and the dumb secrecy father . your I word both in ? once did would cock speak crew it : I , head it Did made up sound it in haste . our to watch morning methought , loud morning ; duty our , down lord . morning , morning , lifted live did To morning But even then away morning in true morning morning it , let Hold Indeed , to O lord you , Nay , pale . not , lord countenance , he had there anger sorrow red or very long it Stay'd amaz'd . hundred . when I have grizzled . a . was have seen tonight no with might BARNARDO life his . should gape will If else in your itself walk sable as I watch you . silver'd person well tonight I'll platform loves you understanding shall hap you pray . eleven and . ye . hell have you whatsoever And tenable it If Give loves play in as mine to arms duty you is the . no , will night were : soul foul , me assistant , men's rise . my necessaries sister But a the in it A is do you favour ; doubt convoy you Hamlet that a and and Do violet Hold , and perfume Forward For wide withal service of but cautel he but ; no and bulk will , virtue And In The , not permanent more No of minute a more inward ; the not subject for , is will Perhaps soil subject his as unvalu'd whole be on subject subject health and for And Unto himself not greatness may ; subject his which is withal . further particular wisdom . subject of this himself For subject Carve The subject therefore his loss your weigh main what credent lose subject his of deed saying Ophelia shot rear the Out keep his unmaster'd fear importunity your or , voice Fear Or Then To the If And , The canker Too their buttons of youth , affection , not sister not . spring moon not : not strokes the be infants is maid prodigal best , to not then morn galls her before oft Virtue not Do And recks the not not Himself too A I Whilst Show primrose not , upon a his of rede not here for leave aboard double a , heaven libertine ungracious as puff'd thorny treads , sail you . shame ; my . But There the , Laertes stay'd any Yet you Look are And Nor The sits , Grapple each do unto thou familiar . for wind Of And new to thine , soul , these , thou friends entrance , Bear't , But For the For borrowing , all This , oft a most select dulls nor chief gaudy , my , this any ; leave be to thine blessing my I go you self the thee , false season And And Thou canst : do take not it follow my Most time 'Tis yourself your . of touching something he the Hamlet lock'd . to . yourself you of ; me , must tell . so honour yourself as to me Ophelia hath well very free , my behoves between , my affection , I so most and you ? clearly the up and Of Pooh lord me . me Give you As it You know you thus My Running it to I'll not Affection ! perilous , my ta'en not in such his tenders as , That are not Or Ay , the hath And When Lends fashion , With almost tongue more Ay Believe mere a scanter it at your Than Than And so not parley you dye implorators plain I The Not believe that not Have in beguile terms This . or charge my it come Lord for , so you Look to to't I you a It think is The I ? heard Wherein Indeed What . his , held ? the my down out thus ; bray Rhenish . of upspring reels ? here native ; observance : custom a is , phrase west takes and . not , forts of men these , Since their The pith it wherein choose pales o'ergrowth his some of of ; tax'd of other nations swinish height at our and and though chances indeed perform'd nature , of much of in , of reason ; grace as , of one of — complexion too star defect of o'erleavens are of origin cannot infinite of virtues I Nature's manners stamp that , or they man general substance of my his own censure else Shall that particular , the of Fortune's take of damn'd ! comes evil , hell shape O ignorance Dane wicked heaven or from thee , Hamlet , this sepulchre jaws tell me answer , call death the inurn'd in ; bones thee quietly of complete in again ! thus , beyond horridly Revisit'st Making night dead again glimpses of we shake Wherefore with did should ? we , desire ground with no means action . go by , speak not then the ? it that , to fee , cliff the flood into , sea of , of the dreadful o'er deprive your some Think sovereignty ? madness forth thing , not do for my if What there looks And still roar fathoms motive so , into toys of the to thee me waves It hears many puts it on Go , shall ; shall . follow me Unhand . call'd on desperate ! Go with I'll . imagination — waxes not what rotten is me I'll no go wilt Whither thou lead My Mark , hear . I To me but shall what What when I revenge ? serious ghost thy fast in to spirit crimes my to done away day am am So art , forbid am the of I prison confin'd . my unfold certain term a the tell Make thy Thy And each If To unnatural , spheres young from to stand fretful hair start to the eternal ever most foul Revenge thou his this But me in ease apt . my , Lethe fat , Murder , foul most know't that wears of whole ear death youth weed of ; Now , stir by serpent With witchcraft to his his wit Mine Ay O So of will his my , his wicked The Hamlet From his it hand even that was virtuous his , his ! with — me I his To Upon mine lust his itself it ; to of most what that seduce and in But wretch hand went a . lewdness Will I . prey me be Brief let My always ! sate those her With the juice And with , bed shape of celestial it never will ; of cursed Upon The Cut in , loathsome dispatch'd and body by to sent blossoms , on the crown off - most instant smooth like blood a of my once . crust vile tetter , my , at queen but O the for not - And To thy those prick adieu Adieu worm , 'gins the adieu The And Against mother thorns , thou aught to couch thou If And you shall all I you , Ay couple thou poor bear But And glow and hell me In the observation commandment trivial table all , and all away I'll of That And thy youth this ghost up . Remember all pressures my globe distracted saws All , Yea from all memory holds , past there of volume Yes my live ! forms ! villain be and smiling woman by , down in to Now adieu , It and are there am matter and book with Unmix'd That , So . may sure . Lord smile . me remember , Denmark . villain my word HORATIO have lord . How ho it , be . Heaven come ! tell . it , wonderful my lord lord news , my ho boy Come noble ho What is't my reveal heaven think — it lord . in knave it . secret . all heaven and be dwelling villain MARCELLUS once ? an he's , heart of you'll man grave the Denmark , lord . part ; I'll Look it is whirling words heartily you pray at , business and , faith no as Such , your honest know too offence offend , Touching that what to ghost Saint . tell you , my . offence may you is For Never you , me . will . seen have HORATIO , we . faith not lord Upon my sworn Indeed , already indeed , sword lord I in , Art . in ? fellow the sword lord so the thou under , my . thou my that by Never the speak . there . Swear my seen ground . work . Swear hands ? ubique lay to Well And O Than night mole , and day said worthy pioner A are therefore , How I as There Here arms you , With by to Or pronouncing , ambiguous more odd never times or , soe'er hereafter could this not so , in antic such speak' Or we So grace such aught know ; of , seeing and to Swear most : mercy me , I Beneath your . at spirit poor so my love May do God Rest 'If And all willing , ever I out your time come it notes and will money let's go together cursed spite . right . these , inquiry make good to my Reynaldo . it you finding , him knowledge touch more , sir , friends Reynaldo this and will come of mark distant drift and at what , lord , say . 'not on heed take be him' 'I do they Than you as And part As in him ' ; companions , As But youth may sir are What As such , Quarrelling As gaming , him on his but open another you is : seem the to You . liberty my lord . the , no savageness outbreak and may meaning That lord that him in ; blood ; incontinency quaintly good faults good . mind fiery a good do this lord assault , good good would a is , my fetch th' sound — good this you would you good , my on here's i' good 'gentleman' consequence guilty prenominate , addition , Of According Having Mark in you or phrase my lord . or or assur'd , closes youth of and the this to ? did ' . ' ! him so 'I with in the ' , yesterday thus you At 'friend , consequence' ay say I , say , now have lecture . house a and such out falling saw , There saw I , then was gaming do windlasses By So you of him he There You , of and . son a brothel takes carp of out directions find former wisdom thus my , indirections by Good , him And my music . lord , I . yourself my in , Farewell the in I , now my , what as I was sewing doublet , been matter God , chamber his to , head name , stockings knocking all his down shirt upon hat Ungart'red Pale As speak ? it fear do ? before of each , of he had horrors I Then do not said and me hard his my he arm ; held he What all o'er the wrist me took goes he to other such perusal shaking . hand , down face brow arm , bulk he his done so waving all over head he went way , shoulder go , help turn'd King ? late , am I under words hard ; I you given but to denied did to heaven , to , to undertakings letters to him any desperate fordoes very the violent will That to the , What does to , to have my sorry . beyond it wreck quoted that thee as to in proper But fear'd lord good did His That as I him better with made his mad . seems It I I not is cast meant to it To To lack The that Resembles Hamlet's we This Guildenstern see did have did I days to neighbour'd , pleasures draw as time much So That his So nor . What the , so your from was it hath entreat so of of with thus both himself , him brought and , humour in here rest talk'd of remedy may and by on him us lies within there with of remembrance . awhile , into more you . much so visitation Both sovereign pleasures have of your at obey the . entreaty shall As king's a the Might here dread to both freely , some our Pleasant and our practices visit . to Go . gentlemen . and Guildenstern , beseech son . instantly Hamlet . you is . and him . make . Heavens helpful . the Are from good my Th'ambassadors the , return'd Norway , of father . hear lunacy that I do to trail — as Assure you my , I my God of or think do Both hold I to my , admittance them sweet His I The He news My Give Voltemand , greetings of sent he Welcome we , Well father's me of is doubt His fair return better To Upon Say against his a nephew's our my good from out , Most first levies look'd But That so your into the truly , in Fortinbras Receives which Highness ; to brother our was give To preparation which , found , he age , Norway from Norway before Makes old three as entreaty please to crowns , of such On of set down and give quiet shown , allowance : read . labour night is time is , night time . night time night night night . madam be what well night liege is night Your Your I Your tediousness the it be to but Therefore Your And Your Your Your More Your I mad pity Madam is 'tis 'tis 'tis , matter true . 'tis : him cause remainder . me given Who — cause the the and phrase and celestial a , phrase but soul's : Came her this idol , hear . 'beautified' is a Ophelia is , obedience Now my ill madam , that , most I at hath , numbers O I . liar a these never truth the sun the thou that But I dear Thine sun Ophelia sun sun love am sun sun But . sun sun As When I Before daughter Majesty it a man What receiv'd his . you might table or winking the play'd had I As I would of prove But this so told do , that sight to work dumb her , I thus took , a fruits no gave , make fast , think Do wail , Which a wherein into this into tale a ' likely all and thence by he raves know very be have When If Where Take this is hid , the Within though it otherwise be . further together ? I will find ? otherwise prov'd circumstances truth may time the Be a and not from me be sometimes we But will . away me , good does But look I'll board , We the you know me You Not you would I Then well Do Excellent if sun carrion Have breed be , sir honest , lord my ? for read I'll in he that th' may ? my , him youth I I Words What is Aside . a my He extremity on my he , daughter gone lord lord you slave wrinkled ; says that which they sir honesty it not I , potently I mean , most believe weak that . faces matter my their a have am to I , is have if powerfully down you wit of lack , as should , are could sanity cannot from except sir , Into my air madness hits will my of you willingly . more except . part he old my well , you my , lord life . leave , Hamlet , dear My good My lord you to go My As the Happy in Fortune's Rosencrantz excellent Nor , her or we of shoe very the indifferent that are not . in she ; most ? is news , Then my you sends , my good my that have ? O , prison , deserved more world What None , But she a is are o' one ? question me hither you your particular goodly Denmark which in none there Then so I , God space , merely nutshell the of ; I and ; my either your very for a . itself so ambition Truly dream of a and court our indeed are the shadow reason ROSENCRANTZ Shall we , to th' and We'll sort you with make am the , for But other lord way an will I you beaten of honest , upon I , in thanks , friendship like such that speak to you am thanks own dear in the . To visit matter I my your it justly Is friends even . I with the know To the love be by preserved withal you must enough teach me then I Nay charge an King and no feather all shall lost not of will you wherefore but of secrecy of My , were sent , my brave ; of sterile mirth prevent your discovery of forgone of moult you . If love of of that , congregation of and foul , how fire with . custom promontory , pestilent golden , this . I so know to thing in , angel an . appears world in laugh you you not , there delights you to no , yet in in how action is what , nor so say like . apprehension , how , to seem stuff my shall the ; not clown the of He Why My though by to man whose the knight be shall to the sigh shall make . mind humorous , to are they the service them his to What . to the , residence better to both reputation innovation to late in such ways the in such such was such Are the such ? such such I of . such both was comes , profit by the when city , question , is on call ? they are come that and . maintains so are now many ? they Will How and — that . stages clapped eyases for't - should means if , tarre if they children Who than to own player argument quality no ? longer 'em quills they their them much to unless them the been has the better was ? possible been there , to make do on away his load . those , went question Do would there make that strange ; for There are , Gentlemen are my outward , welcome very something hundred ducats my uncle is father for it this while him apiece in is , fifty is more - north fairly garb of uncle mad . welcome But , extent should what hawk . see and you there you baby , lord dear west wind , That is clouts . a his out , each of at , ear swaddling yet morning . an in Rome buzz , Monday tell you Roscius lord , history , for - poem or men , thou . the , scene , the , hadst too either a are the ! more ' I love , he loved on th' , Why follows Jephthah , not Aside Am , then , glad Thy Denmark friend welcome pious chanson as you know will , wot by As , I beard ladyship is not cracked French chopine face ? speech a taste us you my to't , We'll altitude thou to my ! God , give falconers , valanc'd young when than thee since I like , the and an to make that in sallets as wholesome the modesty not top — cried scenes , 'Twas speaks of than an more affectation the to , whose caviare , speak speech the was as — play if million others excellent pleased Dido . method speech and slaughter me line handsome called by at begin but there matter no much very loved savoury remember digested well I of is it this more With it it chiefly it he , in it dismal gules , total streets parching , it foot trick'd hellish in daughters it the mothers black ominous it . coagulate a damned sons accent . the wrath light discretion good sword ; Ilium lo the i' . against the and death we as bold rend The As On Aroused sets vengeance armour Now falls Priam fall work thunder , stand tyrant th'air will see speechless , did Mars's And all general thou down to as round the than so the orb , with , barber's a for ; on the the It Break And bowl is This Who seen and and mobled 'The down bisson this 'Gainst But The In instant burst with she mincing mortal of gods , with treason she made , head for fear th'alarm stood diadem her his clamour that husband's her then see malicious at burning , more the you . the hear let , heaven all sport , sword move not eyes gods the in's chronicles epitaph desert I use them Use your every . own honour time Good them . ill soon you while Use , whipping , lord bodikin less Dost they the in and . his after sirs We'll . friend , my Ay which I you Guildenstern good My , and . you Elsinore I'll to welcome look friends You lord . till so , O Is But A What's in in in in in forms Tears in in it not in , to his dream of in's in visage own aspect ; in cause , speech with nothing to What stage for would Hecuba , him to Hecuba for her weep should the ? the and dull very Confound mad cleave He would drown the free , horrid appal . rascal - mettled , and guilty the the ignorant and a of eyes muddy . breaks in my i' me Who me my the I - gives and . property whose say And A damn'd Upon me ! Ha But deep Plucks Tweaks Who To oppression fatted . Bloody heaven dear my a Fie - scullion A like ! my About , a , And an I , what Have Been most With For I'll I May and and and and and And and Get and and When we Of his him madness to receive state Most gentleman ? be no dangerous ? true true true true confession true true true true him before him . way so , Madam it you assay free him fell think night This beseech'd they play in out in , demands , joy players him , are that we told entreat and hear For we have 'twere Affront and bestow father as , closely , his To heart ; and it doth edge , Hamlet accident he , may , no he him their of my lord Ophelia sent lawful encounter of suffers for . frankly , ourselves That gather Will may by for your wildness Hamlet's If't as or do again wonted I hope happy I part your bring him : so shall way your , unseen espials that , Will Madam may behav'd , shall , beauties good And his show bestow will your his be That his to his both his To his his his wish I his in doth my to most thing with to heavy is a prov'd Ophelia — loneliness . That my ugly that lash not coming or , be I How Whether The take end opposing him and against , suffer the mind nobler ; to And slings hear to heart The that sleep perchance give to to - by Or arms them by Devoutly For To sleep For When Must would proud long mortal coil , the law's . the There's this dreams of man's and the time respect may , make these would and When insolence he But a bare grunt bodkin pangs dispriz'd of merit of The who The traveller undiscover'd ? a after , bear contumely off calamity of , to fly patient That the himself dread bear conscience Thus And lose The And ! Than And the Be fair Is sicklied That I , humbly does And Take As There again gifts ha have rich Rich wax poor for right of rich ; them lord never No rich rich rich fair , rich means rich your beauty and honest rich That rich beauty , if Could it is ; truly what his a . a of power proof it , stock my was sometime did for , than the bawd Indeed should You thee indifferent better a ambitious , mother but ; honest . imagination not be deceived a give me accuse I beck shape them at my than or between Go crawling thy to ways father have to earth , very I time . me am and may ! Be dowry heavens he play Farewell snow enough Or monsters them marry calumny . nowhere . of quickly restore , it creatures Those , and enough marriages more no paintings O heavenly . what him you if thou and too ! go powers too another jig make , God , To already me mad a you . nunnery are hath married . I all they scholar's noble as , the the quite deject most most , fashion all glass Th'expectancy observers ladies , of of the noble with Blasted That sweet see seen T'have I His he Th'observ'd and out feature of sovereign vows , in a something way tend , tribute England expel neglected our and objects beating still settled variable to prevent and There's . which melancholy for the to , on't him you heart think puts thus , please play as Hamlet , Ophelia now do the entreat please If ; Your To all Of your , soul a rags robustious to capable of split a you fellow Herod warrant Herods such out too tame Pray own your avoid for the of of action , for to very age nature the special . with at the make the , and mirror this image nature ; end the cannot the anything tutor or overdone the to and you to the neither , form his own is the the feature her whole , and that the some , pagan of well they journeymen having the neither heard play seen Christian the , others the it make the pressure her Now players in , which there one highly Christians , abominably men with play of your be laugh play pitiful a you barren clowns , that speak . us those them for it be more than , set hope we have altogether on meantime That's that the the down in . some uses ? lord , now this my too the Bid the Will two help and players you Horatio As my conversation my thou withal . man a service , good poor be spirits as thy the the knee from think flatter thee I absurd revenue and , what O Why thee seal'd in that all herself men As one , man with are not stop she please a judgement Fortune's well blessed finger mingled those will I in heart that , my too Something , passion's slave . core are suffering follow was for of dear could equal and Hast That they told when Observe To sound play mine Do That is thee thou the not is It do a of itself a see'st is uncle damned Vulcan's see'st One my see'st Which There I see'st mine In see'st he And see'st see'st steal see'st coming a you march I must ? Polonius idle Ophelia chameleon's dish Hamlet Guildenstern ; promise i' faith of are A . If - now Danish nor , have . To answer you , My lord words . mine th'university my I No did a brute enact I was Ay , ready upon . the good th' . so ? stay they players more attractive . Brutus . killed Be capital , here's Hamlet a kill of him No To O . mother , lord my lord ? legs meant meant ? lord my lord meant . meant meant meant meant meant do man my father died lord . hours a but be suit a have ? I'll for , black wear ago , his else life and , my half 'For ! forgot then outlive ; is O not But two year shall , O him down . upon ears and , for forgotten yet . suffer he fellow makes in comes him embracing ' unto Queen bank him in him neck protestation . the comes in The , again , awhile , and King's in mischief ? this mallecho play cannot keep show . tragedy for you'll shame are to our the and it means the . hearing stooping Full And have moons with twelve , As salt Since Unite hearts About world many in So Neptune's the times wash dozen thirty commutual love woe you For That So I , But what as love Where And my is , love leave do to one world behind as — shalt husband and love doubts fear is so . too there fear know are : In My my but wormwood first my . confound time husband , what kisses me . speak . marriage who me be Wormwood let kill'd thrift the Aside wed . you we to sticks we ourselves to they validity memory oft slave do believe but , husband none move love , now : debt purpose the passion break , tree . forget strange joy or propose . be the . change his , 'tis Grief joy most enactures of , violence , with should lead man Whether The pay ourselves what we lose not . yet us 'tis most fortunes doth for you makes end where never fortune grief aye revels prove , our wed . lord first wilt , our so his husband of is me heaven night nor , own dead and run ends still do overthrown none doth a friend , I begun their when me cheer would and To thy thoughts lock desperation earth to and Nor die are ours So tedious day and leave me I . here it hope day , be lasting face my , joy , beguile , twain , play , methinks ? in't ? word no offence world i' , lady how you much her there Is ? argument but too like this no , but what his o' Baptista poison play th' the call play ? jest call they call , call Mousetrap The call no call What wife of call a : is call are , work touches unwrung chorus . King chorus the puppets chorus . edge thy chorus worse and a better my chorus are groaning off chorus dallying lord , hands , mixture chorus Thoughts faces Confederate apt . chorus Still fit creature collected seeing time , infected thrice . leave damnable and , croaking . revenge murderer , begin mistake poisons He is , How extant , the and him What Give this For not turn shoes Would fortunes fellowship a some The , light lights . deer some . play lights ungalled , watch must , me a thou Why So A This himself very Jove might For get know share Damon , have You A , I'll Of dost whole one O was here now — for a ? ghost's perceive of the music very did the talk some Ah Upon well . a history lord me it . comedy the . well , The , marvellous what sir sir — with . King Ay Is No wisdom should for , Queen this not welcome pronounce . frame . into some your The tame sir hath it my sir But shall do will your . breed the of mother's , I her and I I I I in this mother struck My mother you I sequel no . bed I ? our stonish of a into any you further bar . griefs your by these of , and . pickers love us her you with she shall We She desires to , My so I And , do you stealers the do the with withdraw you To Denmark voice . something proverb in , the understand my do I , that when be How sir , the recover my O to lord . Let me me of be bold as , 'Tis , give thumb as But , you now cannot I you compass on there would seem you lord God ? that's like a mass , it backed like weasel . of a indeed fool me top . friends the to . by me of breathes my the now not this in soul daggers not Soft , business hell very churchyards now and When 'Tis the Contagion to to , lose on thy enter Nero tongue How I world . bitter . look And Let me be words never not stands soul , but be she my To And I live those religious upon . hourly his Out so and lunacies will We Most With all with summit . is a a like . whose 'noyance depend cease It it upon the when Never petty , ten mortis'd , lord pray will goes ROSENCRANTZ now we For Which My , We will and us . upon to footed fear voyage speedy , tax it mother , home closet him , audience Fare go well , my a than you ere . more I . what tell you you should o'erhear lord to bed partial you , rank eldest Pray ! my , to can as not upon't it primal murder be And confront forestalled is Of out the gilded currents the 'tis ambition not prize wicked so compell'd ambition faults , above ambition ambition ? queen possess'd foul and justice ambition by this the am lies shove ambition and of ourselves rests not What our ambition action world ambition , itself we , shuffling teeth and , no is There Art , Bow Be as sinews All Now more Yet wretched engag'd ! state stubborn soft To I He With And so am I my , hire , him with To 'Tis heavy take fit and my this father audit our And is sword he him his his , and drunk , the in circumstance crimes broad gaming how , Or has in know . And I then his his purging , Then trip that This goes it King , rises up thoughts The words and Words fly that no As hell him his . sickly home . go . mother . to between . e'en him with I'll round Within him . Mother , offended my you thou mother much father much have , matter thy with question answer father , what's the hast , go No And are it and you you that can speak my brother's , are not shall up . glass part a murder budge me you mother . done thou it the ? rash bloody is deed good this King , know what Polonius let wring of If me it made hands too thy your proof and not penetrable against stuff dar'st thou of heart . damned it That If What Such that so I have That the blurs virtue blister as a hypocrite against me O contraction plucks makes glow deed rose Makes innocent an . oaths body dicers' Calls A me what this picture counterfeit a what curls , grace upon the seated of , two command , brow . feed , eyes leave mountain like Have ! Ha of form - the Mars combination god your is his You And The could this the ? have at and have Would cannot day from not judgement : what , for is ? was quantity so this , Else waits you sense a mildew'd have , your tame such feeling or without thus serve in so ! of . some , bones matron's where is at , shame If And To but hands Nor That To thou . Rebellious hell virtue . Since flaming When her reason , in fire ardour itself youth sickly a Or not gives no live soul grained more spots , making enseamed and , my tinct . sty enter Hamlet mine more A to nasty honeying to there eyes . me murderer no ; in daggers speak the of but ; sweat rank the In Nay in an bed stole , the part vice the diadem ! No a cutpurse Of You me A What would with precious — it hover , your dread passion tardy time acting O go command ! figure ? gracious ! Do , The important laps'd you O Do amazement forget not to , between weakest and almost . of and he's come . by . with do how . O . look you . glares ? you hold do you discourse , thy gentle excrements alarm , upon me blood pale , stones Whereon do to look you have for , speak you how convert I nothing ; capable tears yet what . is it see portal liv'd steals the . keep temperately away ! ecstasy your time madness , test not . of is , madness which ; place , pardon must Forgive leave to heart do him it of my beg . half the part cleft fatness . to heaven ; for vice of compost . O , For them not spread itself past of hast live And Good Assume . a monster Yea night That That aptly is put . is who all yet it mine to if , custom away purer go , use next almost . kind the change lend on frock or next stamp For to , good him out night so this it , easy more livery easiness of , be this answer well . me , same throw , night good and minister behind be , I for your King a pair call his damn'd Or Pinch Make That I to your am this with , not you reechy you , essentially neck in you in on paddock but Such And Let in , bed bid his , know , fingers , wise , breath of to said have words hast if And try fly , in like secrecy so ? ape creep basket down life me to that you thou of seal'd . on ? know two schoolfellows adders my as forgot . fang'd so I be made : I , to the petard one moon will own mandate the When one man shall set me O their enginer work sweep . have and into to they it my will and will must his sport This , sir , an grave . end profound understand . with knave , while heaves tonight . sighs is lord good this , hearing , both something arras sea the is the Whips And the 'A apprehension rat , rat , stir . little us ' been In his a ! fit contend . man . had kills ? of of there all everyone deed , threats ! of old of , some of love of providence of ore . of what of ! touch , with will O pure Among no ship all hence the mountains this and excuse some Ho skill , majesty shall and our with Guildenstern , this friends , the wisest , name our his haply come they . with the ! chapel believe , what Tell us it Do that to replication not mine made be own by sponge lord thence king a ? rewards first his King's in do the corner officers for your keep — such you ape an sir , authorities : you them , swallowed But . best you my sleeps speech in body , what us foolish go King the but , King it A is — is and . is mouthed gleaned have you , lord shall be a . not knavish thing fox you me A Hide strong the put of must dangerous to to law distracted 'tis lov'd judgement is smooth must weigh'd , bear th'offender's all away To their loose body . the ! eyes even , desperate grown , seem , reliev'd all . are appliance Or now ? body cannot get is bestow'd , my . your lord Polonius where's my in Bring him guarded before Bring lord , Now , Where ? supper At but . Your he , to fat supper at beggar is us table , but but that What show you thou hath that one , else lean the hath may a but yourself him is Polonius Where your how . shall place as you If of till The till that which fiery bark till till till tend , ready quickness till hast . at help ; bent is wind prepare till , Therefore , For is , cherub that is a mother My else As to us , sword thy yet After present the my it effect at coldly and thy looks and raw at — full awe set . promis'd You Majesty his kingdom that . of a rendezvous us eye his the Danish the , with ; lord my Go on , We If Over , Good , some commands The , Goes speak Truly to We will rate ducats go it hath pay A debate the of this This Will Two That God the Why inward and and and th'imposthume dies breaks and and I'll Sure and but Looking and oblivion us and godlike reason whether wisdom , scruple means not be not — one th'event Now quarter'd parts gross such and Whose Led this a , delicate of earth mass event , and , exhort and . ambition puff'd , charge divine . invisible and to argument straw . forth . worth . be from this nothing , I Her She needs Spurns enviously i' tricks needs unshaped half to botch hearers needs her as needs the winks would Indeed needs Which needs And carry The Yet needs 'Twere needs , she Though It Majesty fearing in , as Let full To my Each So seems is How toy sick sandal hat Ophelia true another From Alas , lady Say you At He At He you ? pray lady . stone mountain . Ophelia a gone , gone , did true with grave look the snow . Lord . daughter your you what but ; this the morning Valentine's , Charity and by fie oath they come an ; bed , thus by me sun yonder I are ! blame tumbled , promis'd I Quoth , Cock men , think so , for i' be . shall night , my , good , Gertrude it springs , spies , father not come . of grief ; the he and gone son battalions come sorrows this is the from All O But your Next For good Polonius' and death herself Without Divided hugger Last of his matter to , ear greenly , done thoughts ; him mere France person dear Gertrude . in , arraign infect himself , father's places in many , clouds his death O , piece , necessity Will ear Where forgot not to , of now but lord , haste my of with Laertes were ratifiers 'Choose tongues props and And , world . flats shall king and on you trail The more , Danish they , the counter is be Caps They hands false doors are , O cry The Where I king let's , we will , give will — cause cause cause ? unsmirched our like cause cause person Gertrude cause go cause : cause , with ! devil ! father I'll give I my what worlds allegiance damnation , blackest the be fill his be the That To Let hell How came ? to this Vows , for the profoundest pit to reveng'd . enemies but both the know with husband all my , Who you will means shall My Of , them you father's sweepstake , Winner in foe , to of father's gentleman rendering like good am I , good Will And his That am shall Within As day It child sensibly most as your noise and virtue Tears weight it 'pear , in . salt fine ! you Fare And didst , down . could you It ! becomes wheel false nonny hey a thus , barefac'd him non his thou 'Down on , is and down rosemary - a thy A you and for me for There's that's the , columbines There's . would I when my . of herb good a it a may document fennel violets . with my my they but call difference Thought my is all turns And my No , to my my favour my affliction will my She to he And His and to ? b' . again God . soul is he cast mercy pray . me we ; by of me Go but , all we direct hear whom , his I this O I you To They If and 'twixt if to us , labour your patience life , your . friends grief God apart must deny shall content commune right Or , call give . not your with . great let . the go I where And this Let means , noble His be sword , So No me th'offence They they would that . in not if , thee Let God sir and't from shall should do be overlooked . greeted not , 'Horatio to sea too slow of letters it , Ere gave compelled got us you sir your if I ; mercy I their . very They thou that for when at ourselves so . King have what did have appointment we alone , in means some days two fellows . Let But prisoner On boarded have they , to sent ; on have too . much I They . they are letters they as make ear . Farewell death will yet thee wouldst fly fellows . knowest These thee thee dumb of the to , from him speedier you brought seal father , friend , ear for with your so up , tell , mother , be they , for mainly . capital appears special two your Why You But , father lost back terms the go desperate may But on if have not Would Who Is a love spring to have Stood worth ; my reverted timber'd That we think For Break And not perfections lov'd it that your You shortly teach hear shall we , from the to ? more shook flat You will you , not think — I on your When naked of them ? them saw He . From Hamlet lord they by him Sailors shall Know , Reads and , abuse ? the return strange it pardon your this And he warms in am is I advise As thine more advise exploit be lord me . it now undertake peace you So To the To hearing since be him of sum envy , siege regard my Your and It shine falls be I could it , becomes youth , months that livery sables graveness , but , of well in't he in A With I've And seen Here And As ? forgery had Had the him well . brooch he of Norman A And gave art be scrimers in exercise for cried He match And gem such a of is same guard , The most confession . to , you If out coming o'er do you this wish with nation their of , his and — lord to . him play neither oppos'd Did this you this not did know love begun like you , see of proof . fire flame still it , do , delays for we ; deed in would like a , spendthrift o' undertake th'ulcer , many sigh changes 'would' this accidents is But . back yourself comes easing cut place this return'd Revenge No you Will A peruse Most unbated with pass of . And Will generous on Frenchman wager little double on put do We'll an purpose dip no unction I that I mortal So bought your father you , in him but blood all can simples , it save if , that from thing him from , and means fail , both hold might let hot and dry , both point slightly touch I'll of both through on you to both that end both both me , that , proof solemn bouts the sweet both now both As both did Should ha't I If A Your O grows in , shows is crow Of that element But . And awhile awhile awhile awhile then awhile And Too awhile awhile awhile I The shame woman a have Let of had that this rage start , do she do she is do and burial wilfully seeks do straight ? do it calm her follow do burial Christian in do buried on , if be How be , Why wittingly hear , Here . go is to . I myself must offendendo to it here an act hath she ; stands , is to , water the himself , delver drown burial had not to of . life quest . law folk great this have should a Christian pity drown to . this more is There this no more this out buried , this is't If law this their this , should the Ay this marry truth you makers , thou on't world Come this makers there Christian ditchers , countenance makers in dost answerest thou makers the He makers and , Was - makers Why , gentleman ever Scripture another makers arms understand to . to makers . Scripture What a had not dig thou . purpose well thousand to . But . tenants , the do that for - builds ; the either , how may gallows dost , ill a or argal . and . I now can tell come , the , unyoke , tell not that cannot you are till , mend his 'a thee stoup this ass next . Go , love . asked get behove ; sweet love did last liquor will question sings . easiness , was the Methought when I it , Yaughan The To O , a , at , meet for very . my , And as might be , ground th' had to it o'er the one it could sing politician a jawbone pate if of Or a courtier good This might could 'Good . the ass this did the not that How not one ! now knave ? might he , chapless but more . no the revolution ache cost lord ; fine . lord meant beg an knocked had to . on't we breeding spade to and it think Worm's to such be might my , play the my now and : e'en trick at see't sexton's a O a that clay for the knock great his , might , suffer This a with Hum does , his his a pit Why , not his of will recognizances this Is to vouch recoveries recoveries , no now . another quiddits Why shovel fellow this , and double very the inheritor conveyances double of land his , his fines of buyer his , him of tell knave rude in's be , fine dirt his cases his this have he of more the fine pair breadth Not Is , will . sir ? and skins , ha ? made in't liest meet , Whose out calf of and , fellow calves my assurance . Mine in't lie it and for be to therefore not in't not my part lie out , You , dost lie man , sir say therefore thou it is ; the will ? you for is yours . yet lie to 'Tis . me from again away . woman , sir buried none What in't , galls our picked grave Fortinbras last to't the - kibe Horatio , knave By heel days you tell young Cannot that was he fool How — Every a is day sent very England ? into if he England are men the ? into there there wits his or was he and man , thirty boy they came in here he that nowadays year will be been th'earth — laying ere than tann'd trade ? another your he . the nine hold or before . whoreson earth keep nine many pocky some have we as , he last will think it the of your Rhenish the skull , pour'd A was E'en . that jester on do know ! Yorick's for skull the a of sir I , on him me see a imagination borne ? not of merriment , be . him , I Alas , times and come my looked Alexander lady's , chamber tell paint - the your that those ? grinning own that your Here and ; lord , Horatio this songs one I know how oft flashes ? favour now your roar , you thou Dost think the , faith and , base uses dust To And so lord trace of , died is ? to clay , not we converted enough ? was they ; modesty Alexander was earth in flaw comes the away winter's barrel whereto loam , to turn'd Alexander him . beer into a not to why of lead likelihood make loam buried ; Imperious O a hole wall patch that stop ! following Queen with such t'expel rites . Queen doth desperate some of life Couch own they Fordo it corse with and 'Twas did ? betoken they Trains c follow hand that is This The Yet should great ground . What warranties that have but And is have ceremony ? was have lodg'd order as command She . her ? the bringing the should pebbles maiden here last strewments of be service such there Must Shards When tell . unpolluted , souls . the - i' fair thee howling have sweet . maid ; bed shouldst . bride not wicked . thee of have I I times thou - And flowers What treble that ingenious earth mine a thy grave woe my Hamlet's , deck'd . made skyish blue is emphasis , whose grief . phrase This well from splenative me fingers take though For Why Until I will O , 'Swounds drink love outface Be Woul't I'll And . Woul't To if Singeing me with prate acres Ossa Millions ? buried Make I'll of like rant the is And as as When that her will drooping me But that silence the you Let as His Hercules mew what sir as he will may matter thus is , have as , wait him . as day as Horatio Horatio Horatio Horatio Horatio Horatio Horatio see circumstance Horatio we some set , An for , Remember rashness prais'd Worse When a plots indiscretion the in would deep There's And than do divinity Rough sometime is That - I sea To Their Oh grand an many knavery manners out scarf'd from fine so , cabin , in , in them my Up mine the I Or Being hear read it to I — prologue with my fair down , as , my lord . but , labour'd do : brains , beseech thus fair They could I the fair , wrote statists , fair wear flourish , fair fair contents 'tween her tributary the fair good England them debatement bearers further and like conjuration palm fair , garland know amities or more 'as'es their fair great of still a As this father's my Which And was seal'd ? less of like shriving the , the - He the that signet in of ordinant my seal of of of of of was this day it of sequent employment to't . damn'd be , and th'election king my between — is't for angle cozenage of ? In this let such our nature come not my is't , proper him say . 'One' to business there grief my of tow'ring passion . here . waterfly this vice to know say beasts him and his ? his thing . Majesty leisure I your bonnet of chough be 'tis for let ; diligence of . lord 'tis possession at dirt . you your right it receive to the wind the It lordship ; 'tis very my 'tis your 'tis very hot my that to , mine calendar showing . gentry ; most is matter cannot complexion — as 'twere I , for see would . infusion verity yet and his , semblable . more . most we soul wrap ? gentleman soul Why speaks infallibly him soul of soul and article But . great diction , in , soul sir soul You soul gentleman soul of Of the another tongue do ? nomination What sir I Of all's ? would , it . spent words . golden ignorant , know ignorant approve empty sir faith Well not in excellence ; by imputation were well for that are not I dare him I girdle imponed sir , hath two as weapons which The King he , hangers it , responsive the and hilts the Three liberal the sir , are , in has six of carriages ere you we , on conceit to . carriages , very ? if then three Danish be and cannon , And be could done had be edified shall King be liberal our phrase . conceited Why all you assigns be . passes a in that laid three to be if lordship ? French be be might six . hits you would be , of gain brought the it I Majesty your if trial He hath of it I Let the in vouchsafe answer hall will the I Shall effect commend hold time not deliver He deliver deliver well deliver , deliver sir what deliver flourish . there are deliver shell it with the drossy of and them habit the know else for's — head Thus to you by encounter age has a most through suck'd he him commended carries which ; him hold ready they Queen are all and King The mine now or time some fall use to desires , In . well before will You . to . me instructs She think practice . do your . I giving - are it anything and , obey you augury . trouble is , not come say now , perhaps my : odds my here but mind If a has be it but whit man no now . aught if me Give Come sir . I this take are a have you done you I Laertes proclaim with punish'd from Hamlet it His Sir madness of then does nature I . heard exception , Laertes himself himself house , madness Never ? it not be himself here does himself not ? madness Hamlet If himself And is in faction away If't enemy evil himself . so himself , thoughts himself that . generous me brother a audience , of precedent offer'd ungor'd and love . like wrong But terms reconcilement honour honour till no should case this my I us the brother's embrace I I To by Come be Your shall skill will them the You it do he not heavy . side seen have I fear laid Grace . the too foils ? length These well my good have . weaker the o' has is Your Set The , This me If quit the crown that the Denmark's Richer And In let trumpet to kettle . heavens ' Hamlet heavens than King Or And The The you the 'Now the , to the , my eye earth , successive which the judges cup an in have the , the the King lord . Hamlet bout ; set cup Hamlet ? by it Hamlet . Hamlet health him Give Come touch A He's Hamlet , take fat and , Hamlet Hamlet I'll Hamlet , Here Queen shall win son The napkin drink and wipe is ; It , my Gertrude will . Aside not the I am yet . for Aside pray And afeard I Say neither way . incens'd wounds Laertes again are ! my , it ? ho ? springe poison'd my lord mine bleed kill'd woodcock own treachery . Osric . I drink , She the the door it : be . them ! dear Hamlet slain thou out blame to . work envenom'd , thy here I lie , treason . but ! hurt . damned ? union , here Dane , act adieu thee , death — aright I this you . sergeant could tell I , Horatio unsatisfied believe Thou Never some yet Here's more . have't , pain , gives from volley with conquest . die Horatio breath thy . live behind felicity hold world my story this spirit less and solicited with do I him have . quite , noble sweet , prince ? drum lights crows - dying my . voice from the prophesy He to So tell . come thee Good the is sight angels of Why does flights thy , to Where quarry feast What havoc come dismal thou on toward so havoc ears That havoc The To are Rosencrantz have our are us . havoc too we his havoc thanks ? havoc , cell , havoc hast from The bloodily is England commandment Guildenstern life havoc mouth bloody this for their upon commandment of from Not th'ability should his senseless And give , Polack never He Are stage speak the wars , gave so from Had it since here on me about bloody let arriv'd jump , that thank to a to yet the these , world you forc'd and , this casual unnatural So th' accidental put , on deaths inventors' Truly us on judgements and deliver noblest the call Let the can to to heads I it . embrace doth hear All audience , fortune kingdom to , more , lest mischance , will wild happen stage on , speak cause voice have mouth On Even And he soldiers' most , the and for of . of passage been music Speak , the off one the off the Updated law Creating the means the Foundation no works editions up field bearing the Take , previous so previous Exeunt previous bodies previous owns rules and you license Gutenberg trademark electronic and previous copying to apply United States . protected distribute copyright previous without in forth charge with you , for if . previous works , be of Gutenberg works this the eBook use may eBooks previous law be . U do practically easy You Gutenberg the may royalties . Special , Project Gutenberg to and not trademark performances printed commercial mission promoting the redistribution this work protected the subject eBooks not with all terms phrase free to . online Gutenberg Project Full Gutenberg agree to to . only E person the few by It paragraph . agreement electronic may who Project can Gutenberg . refund forth terms access terms you obtain do a must electronic Gutenberg agree or copy agreement of this the individual collection . Project Foundation E to the things this of you with in bound . whom you paid B or be C even that . paragraph agree on to full electronic See as works right a claim works all United works and you creating . in Foundation works works States Project same works share format works name derivative copying on . Gutenberg is work works located from the in are collection an the the to to you you are by this Of course we hope the Gutenberg promoting mission Project for You . charge place . based copyright other country removed than status of Foundation addition are laws the to are , the when terms work any any Gutenberg Gutenberg or which , accessed License must , displayed work other in no or this The . United with States restrictions or in or appears the or - this and anywhere , associated re you check to almost the is anyone included with United to most the does copyright with Project you . the country . texts If United , where you protected www , world use , performed at give it of is eBook other . the United License . using S is are States before will have work of If permission copied fees with or . located org If in . the not eBook distributed the you Project posted or must E E is distribution any . Additional for holder copyright of Project . individual paragraphs Project holder Gutenberg E and . work charges . comply phrase and holder copyright E . imposed the not unlink any this Gutenberg to this work work part of the immediate , from work . License Do or with . be terms . E not linked E electronic . processing marked or Plain version Vanilla copies , posted org Gutenberg or However Project means hypertext to or You compressed Do links displaying E prominently work the sentence access and to set or distribute or must a form . proprietary in convert may , than upon the format website official you the used no alternate to Project . profits or Gutenberg Any form other on a , of additional at paragraph , works . E . format copy in Gutenberg copy License paragraph a of Gutenberg calculate donate owner agreed E . Do you . E use you royalty use the Gutenberg within legally Literary Information , following each prepare Literary distributing or access of to pay a the gross using you derive has owed Project Gutenberg specified address and tax trademark Gutenberg the be or returns you must to paragraph paid Royalty the sent . the Project periodic to to paid days to physical a works works agree by donations and receipt or paragraph replacement reported a copy . to F or if of Project free for discontinue destroy Project return medium full Project to of other of wish the You . are F set Project forth employees in law copyright stored be may on , they which limited forth trademark the , proofread a in of set as writing than terms different permission Project may inaccurate disk damaged codes equipment . for Right disclaim party paragraph DISCLAIMER or a , by errors to DAMAGES . owner of FOR , the Project expenses distributing your . or other not be computer cannot , or Literary trademark fees REMEDIES NO YOU HAVE LIMITED electronic work THAT damages you explanation the on . person of to the . OF RIGHT . defect received with the written defective refund to copy without Except this right of you fix you provided to replacement refund is do not exclusion limitation allow or any . applicable limited Some . or . warranties F . the for the , work states the of to 'AS certain this to the state law . F of interpreted applicable make set by and electronic provisions copies this of permitted unenforceability . F or legal Project production which harmless , works you Gutenberg do fees deletions . works in electronic Volunteers assistance from and exists people remain need financial for are and goals . and the generations about the corporation Gutenberg about tax the . org identification laws at Project page generations Project Foundation freely . the To Literary organized Foundation's learn Foundation Information and educational Mississippi Service . is Foundation , page at can , USA Foundation's and Email contact survive form equipment to outdated particularly including equipment number Archive the distributed to committed charitable charities Archive States . Foundation effort Archive considerable The with these Archive Archive are public donations depends Archive upon machine in much the Archive or determine we we not have the and do . against approach unsolicited gratefully are International met DONATIONS where outside the Please addresses General Section donate including States concerning . laws Gutenberg S treatment , accepted of U tax Project . S a volunteer eBooks . Gutenberg . freely which are with only . created as www org the not confirmed compliance is included from years electronic eBooks of Project in our start editions Gutenberg concept with For any . gutenberg new about Gutenberg , with S . Project all . to our to eBooks which