there Stand . hour . and your upon ? the , heart bitter to 'Tis this You For The rivals of Well Not a had am you mouse watch , night . and them Horatio , ho to this Stand Friends And good to liegemen night , hath who - good night ? again . Marcellus fantasy of our Welcome . piece Horatio A , seen of belief , entreated him along . us apparition this the again . appear . your our , have . of down speak this , assail , pole , Where Had What we we all then When two that beating , night Peace , us of Marcellus , That the of myself Look off The made Well the , his Last King like now from part — same break that's and speak burns Thou it Mark King comes it the it with me a where , fear . spoke It that's Horatio to be like bell again ? dead to . it night of Horatio , time , form . warlike Horatio Denmark this speak and . away , stalks the that usurp'st sometimes art It would charge . In , Question See it Together thou speak , buried ! that I ! with fair of charge speak and now How It it , Horatio ! this What God Stay something think Without , the Of gone Is mine it As tremble King art was Such will not pale Is 'Tis had when , he I own frown'd not not thou the When So very th'ambitious once Before sensible to he like thyself he in on . jump and twice Thus before the He combated an at and strange This the 'Tis he smote down , now I of tell this Polacks dead opinion most Norway . our thought angry that watch daily some our not land same gross gone , by , mart . of know the eruption scope cannon brazen sweaty haste task of this ; with the from war me ? day knows ; subject of cast the King , by but most so whisper even ; in which Hamlet last emulate to esteem'd him us of by , by Did so by who a on combat side ratified known his this Dar'd For Which to of our lands , valiant cov'nant ; with life seiz'd , article young , had ; our Fortinbras Did slay Thereto fell Had His That Hath gaged to hath recover . motive our , our by us of doth up skirts mettle Now as inheritance Hamlet , unimproved vanquisher carriage of , in rummage watch haste , head preparations strong resolutes ; unto our here , no and hot and , chief take , is those I some figure like but no sort the of other mote So The by Of source this lost father Is That A Did squeak trains sun ; fire ere the and in influence to Upon stars The In and is like of with and is it be that portentous mind's eye . King . so watch was Comes the mightiest palmy to graves As , Unto it . where ! behold the almost of with and though any sound , climatures Disasters in the and cross And If to be , it thee hast thou ease to foreknowing may grace Speak If thou good , and use to me uphoarded in oft walk ! spirits the thou , If it Extorted treasure hast , say That do to country's thing which , if Which it Do here they Stay you Stop womb in , earth and not will wrong it do violence , it majestical invulnerable ! here 'Tis 'Tis ! being To We offer For it as vain it mockery , warning malicious , the of show our , it with Doth , present object made trumpet ; day his cock , Awake Upon , say our bird dawning Wherein The , Some on ever Saviour's , witch is are his Th'extravagant and erring earth or air , truth hies spirit And the birth is the , to time tonight seen and of dew impart ; our The 'gainst that say , planets , do't in it , speak with duty morning believe mantle , So o'er we high eastward to , Laertes , acquaint my advice , know death Attendant Voltemand most will my and be of Hamlet grief our it brother's our pray this conveniently , our that discretion ourselves of with . Cornelius Though our in with 'twere a our fought wisest with far one and with , him of one state on brow sister dear and sometime to Yet With In to wife , so our With in funeral jointress The hearts Th'imperial Together we That Taken we To With affair Your mirth Have one scale , and this dropping dirge freely marriage , eye now in queen , worth of pester those lands message frame our late of his , dole , gone our delight and nor our weak a thinking not and supposal to with disjoint Or Our He To our by state most father this Now Thus His this Who The , further herein subject we are the made levies , to business for surrender with law him writ , hears here So . uncle and Norway the ourself Out You Of of , gait his lists things articles than . farewell ? VOLTEMAND nothing of will commend further no your haste with bearers business and dilated King this his Farewell , good Cornelius , and to more allow Norway personal old heartily ? power the duty , the to , be not Than is of more more the of And That doubt , we : the What to thy , though is told shall From wouldst throne my The Your your gracious again that France Polonius ? France ? Laertes to have and my me wrung , lord thoughts bow you you I my him leave to hard ; Take thy I , his And hour be go slow toward laboursome beseech cousin my best Aside little How the now give But , A Good . thy , more cast , not Seek for 'tis common , thy for all nature father thy vailed lids the and on dust lives in friend much still kind . than less , kin like is sun on I thy ever know'st seems it madam Thou so my lord let , so with . mother thee ; is it Why Passing If it , good not , common ? must die , seems know black in of suits river moods . might visage eye , I be But Together but 'Tis father To can the nor my alone not Nor Nor with are your nature the a , breath a which the in , lost trappings give lost filial his , obsequious condolement will To do shows obstinate your These For they actions and duties your and sweet you your I have In these In impious It Of your A An As For Take your lost to your father father survivor term some is unmanly , unfortified understanding be your 'Tis most Fie the heart the To it to death your A your Is From must This be of of are You let , till and fault common died love world think and ' ; most woe less We he throne , note of , heaven , son intent : your desire comfort , courtier most going In As fathers first dearest you . bears pray father And It is back that I Do to bend cousin us Hamlet Wittenberg and her prayers my a mother with pray I Be as , I shall Sits smiling gentle thee stay we you retrograde And Our And the This ourself and my health cannon the thunder drinks accord to earthly - rouse and itself loving and Denmark that . a fair today , Hamlet Madam in unforc'd Denmark , whereof solid Everlasting , world , bruit Come into a would again ! God , tell shall too all fie things should and an of uses ; excellent Seem Possess grows two to dead merely That it 'tis stale ! seed months on't Oh , flat rank my not two was this , nature in unweeded this O had flesh ! fix'd dew self , nay if By 'gainst canon to Fie That How weary face I what think fed Must Visit Hyperion But a loving not gross to winds it her — on earth heaven Frailty mother of , reason even like month , father uncle of Frailty thy yet of increase tears brother to the . most of most unrighteous she poor those Frailty Frailty month beast longer yet dexterity in , she ! name , As Frailty me Frailty O mourn'd Niobe all , followed . incestuous her cannot to my Frailty tongue , post . with wants salt the ! married discourse Within a wicked , Would But It married , myself : ever Wittenberg — lord you Marcellus ? well to or your that make what very what , I'll Horatio The I good I But to truant am I I , I But . it you A would what To lord you truster hear my of your violence , me fellow deep drink mock do prithee I Would thrift Horatio forth my methinks , me , was it had ! dearest I . heaven tables day Horatio marriage me that my , foe The it the had , not my me to think mother's student hard wedding - see met me . lord , him I me father was take like all me , eye was his not I , I think man ? shall a I He the lord an I these of . hear their you while your till thus dead encounter'd the Been at Marcellus Two With ear Upon , marvel together Barnardo and middle the night walk'd pie your like on me love before them exactly and and jelly In and figure cap with : whilst did not ; fear , solemn - to they deliver'd word made both kept him to - point secrecy Stand and to , In And their dreadful Within Goes , them the as of them speak by oppress'd Form Where dumb , third of surprised eyes distill'd me , the watch third length Almost with , third , My third not none it motion lifted answer Did These But third are hands My But to sound in once methought . third . loud , it to , head as from like up then made Itself the , honour'd yet speak and morning it lord But at It , vanish'd it , address very . shrunk it down sirs , To And live did do say . my think let Hold Indeed we 'Tis As And you Arm'd top toe . my lord . foot to his from From My , Then saw yes lord What sorrow or Pale ? upon up ? in wore beaver anger in , there . amaz'd have It , And Very would hundred it . very , Nay pale haste moderate MARCELLUS saw't ? tell . Stay'd been had I will I as His Not like and beard was longer in walk 'twill watch tonight again speak I'll hell person life still sight you gape father's itself all ; will , you this fare . honour you to . tongue understanding 'twixt and as arms Upon requite it And If I spirit doubt some ! I'll your mine is night were not farewell . to in the earth twelve my . well men's All ! not foul you . o'erwhelm soul the them ? assistant let My And convoy it and youth in the trifling , lasting blood benefit not . suppliance more toy more No not permanent of of more minute a in nature the fashion But In thews Think loves and so but The ; the this ; no virtue And and inward now perfume primy , Grows The No not grow temple as alone you besmirch state this : own , now must his be of he yielding head therefore And he is fits he particular must of choice he to and , no further ; do doth will to if far act it , choice whole for his the sanctity for weigh'd his himself greatness Carve , may and ; subject is He he For Whereof Then with To credent what Than Fear And it Or your his , unmask she maid calumnious , open treasure . Denmark is sustain may chaste desire ; enough moon spring . youth . affection : strokes . fear else none lies dew the to galls Virtue If you Ophelia Be wary itself Contagious to best are and their chariest shot the in keep And Youth Too canker itself The her 'scapes oft in safety liquid buttons rebels , the not beauty then some and thorny But heart the Show I not And not path . pastors reckless dalliance not fear stay A upon long , Yet double blessing here steep primrose recks a smiles stay'd Laertes me treads libertine and , And Look character sits are I And familiar in memory you , tried with . no blessing your , but no thy , here you wind unproportion'd by and soul thy hast , Give thoughts my few thy palm with beware purse ; as thine man's Costly not For in thy And each Of each new that man of , be voice thy being in of unfledg'd , a censure in apparel they of loan oft to quarrel but , every But do - not Take hatch'd but thy borrower loses dulls to as day station that true the to man be lender : thee : friend ; and itself a rank of self in any lord . my remember , you humbly Neither a the own your , have ; go to memory . key lock'd . and tend it well leave in you , to said he , please , Ophelia Farewell 'Tis yourself 'Tis Have is't shall the : oft caution yourself — 'tis free very hath to private and you he Marry As is in You his to And If do lord , of me like speak affection my hath in tenders as a perilous circumstance , green girl should think ? up truth tenders many baby call the ; for , I'll do the ; crack ta'en have not teach yourself me fool dearly more yourself think you ; phrase . importun'd wind poor the love me . of true you'll honourable . to lord ; to , pay hath , sterling these tenders it a tender fashion it call fashion it My he his holy blood springes With hath it countenance may . heaven of , it to go this is young time making both daughter how speech it I these he , rate presence in brokers Ophelia it soul . to more not scanter entreatments much a Than Set something in in , their must command You to , Be Believe Not The I not to shall charge or so you give As ; come . with . time leisure forth is , any Lord all for from moment ways . cold lacks of very . you talk I ; bites ; is it twelve think ; I It it The ; a It air . near draws to my not I ? mean his ; tonight the upspring lord , and swaggering the heard ; then his season walk , a ? Ay kettle Keeps does doth King And - triumph it The honour'd More he And Makes tax'd revel it is and other in This clepe , and drunkards the my and his and as our achievements our indeed a native am , breach headed east than with : custom here mind They So oft it , of ; is't observance I it attribute the height manner - and at nations west phrase , that forts some choose one defect , addition wherein From us Soil As for By That The pith wherein form Oft Carrying the as man take corruption wherein , men o'erleavens much habit plausive be pales , Being virtues wherein in particular noble of of , wherein complexion doubt as ; wherein of , Nature's His by some Shall From thou Angels of health us a dram may goblin comes . or it ! hell , or charitable ; thee . shape blasts from defend call I'll . O , mean jaws the marble sepulchre inurn'd this , complete may steel why quietly and What in we fools of of our disposition the of our souls reaches we ? do ? it desire ground . follow I it . my ? lord the . it do follow toward forth set not not then lord . Why immortal , fee fear my , soul That do immortal ? form the it , as pin's immortal a can again every immortal sea . still It Without assume of . brain desperation of reason immortal into immortal Be so toys of madness puts place to beneath thee . You makes And rul'd nerve . me fate waxes on ghost in gentlemen lets . I'll come ? is He Still 'tis not — imagination obey that of him of . him Have Let's Nay let's . him . will ? go follow in rotten , Denmark lead Mark Speak Heaven . Must , up render When I is me no come . hearing tormenting me will I hour almost shall . to unfold fast in hear . to bound secrets I Are To unfold prison - blood , hear father's certain am done tale soul combined hair the be word their stand fretful blazon , not blood ears Make Would I could confin'd to of forbid spheres ever upon particular stars lightest thy up harrow To most God best ! Murder most most But Murder Haste foul as it or I As know't foul his foul wings fat the with is . youth noble me that in thee , this to sweep itself That thou 'Tis given Is The A duller stir serpent shouldst stung rots by abus'd Wouldst not a , thou , my orchard father's wears did know , my hear — lust , power , Denmark the have adulterate but sting crown shameful his , there with even falling seeming won gifts prophetic thy life , and , of O my uncle ! traitorous - whose hand went That soul With Ay incestuous ! virtuous the angel radiant in marriage — to wicked witchcraft that beast Sleeping I prey as of link'd afternoon . let those From Hamlet her wretch court though sate of my most off was queen whose hand a in itself . on within celestial natural that decline be bed , vow were gifts in it I To With in cursed secure My be the The Holds That blood did pour orchard heaven , mov'd ; the , the a of air of whose ears stole , of it , my man vial body courses once a did milk ; sin brother's and it , loathsome doth it vigour quicksilver and as distilment enmity ; droppings with posset unanel'd , disappointed , I a and So vile , my off in ! even sent on ! thee O and bed made of for like most thin life Unhous'led not couch But Cut was - blossoms but with body of account in , mind thy not Of Thus No queen most , royal the my not heaven to thee matin 'gins - nor Fare well , once this luxury mother A Let With pale to those aught that the And sting worm To Against glow prick at near , be . act thy her shows , grow . seat a distracted poor , globe In But you couple fie ! instant thee away earth O the trivial fond records , all up not ? heart , Remember heaven , with baser and alone brain books wipe Yea all you host of ! holds ? there shall ! damned smiling villain Meet saws That That At am , volume ! villain it I pernicious . live , word Denmark ' my Now remember It , book matter it may least smile So , Within 'Adieu , of my by in to , lord I may , and . My HORATIO there . have are be set me , smile woman , and him secure Lord and be my Within . be uncle Within Within ! lord . come lord my So , ho ! How my tell , Good , ho . Illo noble news What ho Not you'll heaven . I then heart would my lord , O How No ! lord my , you , ghost needs There's my , But . come . this Ay say HORATIO a tell ; ne'er an in i' . my knave ; the from no you'll and heaven villain he's lord Denmark the dwelling — my part poor , is I Such You are I'm , as , and desire and business your my , they go , faith and whirling There's but no And honest offence sorry that , know what , but ghost is , request ? your And is as Never desire , tell and . you me let an lord good tonight , lord lord . lord , what lord . sword , sworn lord not swear't . lord faith . lord lord . Swear sword my upon stage thou thou so , there already , in lord . my this swear my . in , cellarage fellow . my have under , you hear We Ha boy ha , sayst Consent speak to Come of , the this hither my sword . the ? heard have sword Swear hands by . you of Swear mole , that again your speak Beneath Canst work upon , remove fast . strange wondrous , Horatio . friends so ? welcome , help myself , come you meet But it i' earth is . mercy , shake never head if , shall would' might' , we . if and be not this seeing in in philosophy so an I strange Than are dreamt before or To odd antic times thus , As such Or and aught of , How With arms encumber'd or ambiguous to 'Well That you put know mercy list , by know' of , Swear . me Hamlet to together in man fingers a commend So , on , to go I right together spite . as spirit , poor lack . and lips cursed is you set pray . I ever , I and money you visit this my Reynaldo . make notes , I , wisely will well Enquire and Marry What how And , Than That By Take , company As Before shall do Of his lord said , keep they you and . it did . intend , My well and 'not my you ; it come distant father and mark , do his his . more Reynaldo this him and , finding touch knowledge mean ' ; that you of and encompassment and do as — him' you , 'I my will and and very put on , friends wild him well say you , so please forgeries dishonour him marry there but be As rank so none , noted lord most wild wanton and and may But Ay , fencing , far gaming As are such ; and . the , quaintly , of fiery blood ; faults liberty ; mind unreclaimed so charge him his scandal a outbreak general assault incontinency , sound crimes i' of drift Wherefore I would , the 'gentleman' , prenominate this 'friend ' , good man Of or with seen Mark little a , sir , Marry in Your The closes so or be — And What , Very , then He I 'closes was youth Having sir the or in At closes At According to does or 'closes yesterday such gaming falling Or By mass I about to ' did Where . consequence , and something . know and day the marry ! At With bait , 'I a him he him you thus , t'other ay 'gentleman , now ; say , gentleman rouse , well b' you I , Good wi' Shall Your my you my former shall . have lord My lord music Observe Well his And I , the Ophelia what , him Alas in God affrighted chamber unbrac'd in my , with sewing How With Lord hat I now as To speak but doublet head and his it me loosed he me , foul'd stockings As , he his me each knocking hell . fear ; hard brow my mine all waving Long . little thus , face he down bulk lets go his ? At falls took My draw hand a seem his with it rais'd And out he his over his without without eyes way head That to shatter of so done their King . me . help me , profound turn'd shoulder seek , his , late him What under passion property , will of love fordoes . desperate the oft That made and am I you . hard any the go very the is meant thee I our have did His ; as , letters him fear'd proper for is seems As is the as . discretion it that him ourselves Come we younger opinions judgement No my good lord but and he . but jealousy . did trifle , might . cast quoted which to grief It be More . And must known hide . it . nor . sending need that , transformation ; common hate to kept go To Of that Resembles More The days brought did so the that entreat himself , it death it of th'understanding to his of Some draw , here and rest occasion your our up thus inward it , him you in you from That , since young was Hamlet's being so I father's nor What time little , two much remedy court humour you , am there . more open'd So That To And I so much Whether That , vouchsafe aught as him gentlemen sure As to And us , gentry it talk'd you good awhile If much adheres For To whom of us and he Than dread Both And give We to receive our hope thanks into , commanded at us practices is , our . Guildenstern . gentle instantly where you . and the , of news liege , my my my , else brain good of God I Both I Are I Hamlet's King sure . hear long I of trail — and as good hold soul this policy to great . found of mine . bring found feast have the think my my that us'd that that . he son's I tells fruit no , fruit the be shall speak The hath fruit very that do Give fruit me head My . fruit ? fruit hath ! fruit our fruit look'd into , he truly desires to appear'd . our Norway suppress the 'gainst he first nephew's be better sent return His To , Voltemand Most which found age , crowns levied To give Makes your preparation sickness Highness Polack , out , Majesty in to his an before against shown and the Polack , uncle , quiet enterprise set are dominions please to down ; read we'll . time business well labour . allowance , pass : fee further Through our , you As such herein , entreaty . together took at for think . ended home us likes and more consider'd night your welcome is madam business and be , night night night well is . the Your brevity for ; limbs to be to let that , with use true 'tis true 'tis I : I for him will cause the then cause defective the and have — and duty Now . idol vile phrase you a soul's but shall Hamlet be I fire will move are , liar doth , love I . best most this machine show'd daughter solicitings his means by ear mine . his receiv'd me of and what might on love But tell must hot your told , I , or winking queen , love desk with , I thus No , mistress prince And then herself , lock ' no fruits took messengers the , a , sadness , and , thence watch wherein the madness wail think 'tis we , be very time , positively a said prov'd have When it such Not that this from circumstances hid is Within may sometimes Here in indeed my daughter arras loose behind he an reason assistant farm and try it poor you O Lord a , are a my You , I Not Then honest sun th' may ? he said to my Words youth again him , the is matter satirical are faces the that All which it not old be go madness be Though Will that ! could honourable cannot My withal , excellent My On Fortune's Nor her Faith Fortune lord . But , O true the , prison ? wards , worst lord my is nothing is it good . prison your mind a king the quality light a . th' court reason and and wait upon honest an will we ROSENCRANTZ We'll you , man sort friendship thanks dear in too ? say we . looks good my , you , by a , me dear . you ? me , of I forgone your . my no with mirth sterile promontory my brave why , congregation , reason admirable : beauty what it of how action in is the , woman nor god me , no ; to in 'Man not delight . you they from be coming shall knight shall king the adventurous humorous freely laugh take mind What players such city was ? comes inhibition estimation , No their children most are berattle they rapiers are pursue , afterwards , has tarre to there been them unless to the has there been much throwing it boys . father his natural picture , if players the Your hands than lord dear my father appear - is my lest outward , should my But . mad north , Happily he's will right , lord The tragical pastoral , unlimited best in - pastoral comical Seneca cannot writ , What The 'One daughter right not i' you call What then you more it , God that , Nay , my As follows follows lord most show . am friend abridgement as you For ? heaven my look old to thou the gold e'en to't falconers nearer . like , Masters , I well where thee valanc'd than your ring speech a of We'll Come lord , fly you like anything cracked acted . us cracked ? I — cracked of remember — never top down much cracked the cracked as it taste at voice , cracked if passionate within quality What , speech for general judgements caviare play cunning , the , well , line of tale than an in were set sallets might wholesome it , as make , million others If , arms Pyrrhus it called but , author to cried no much he It lay : handsome matter in remember savoury by , as rugged not it , complexion , and fathers the did so , gules black — it in and resemble , and sable whose he night , and couched is of , Priam Roasted in and , proceed , horridly streets light fire and Pyrrhus it and lies well . falls rage where good , with carbuncles grandsire finds him , match'd , to at Rebellious too to his . good His he short Repugnant with Th'unnerved , lord my God Did on the milky to , Pyrrhus his hideous strikes senseless with we in ; wide sword rack the dreadful Pyrrhus' . i' a anon new Cyclops' for ! her hill , synod As bowl all the round spokes Out say or tale with is as nave take fellies the he down bawdry a a down . on falls , And down on He's In down , good . heaven down , down down in , blanket Who her diadem stood treason state clout queen' flames the is 'The mobled . eyes threat'ning , th'alarm saw with things Unless The In But A Run bisson the of of — in's . in milch clamour at , steep'd pronounc'd her husband's she this thee , rest ? epitaph . move lord use bad Do has not them the tears , colour his have they well well After you , man , whipping , desert their soon . hear chronicles of the were you less deserve ? much will better the are for ; used Dost thou , Gonzago ? my the and a dignity of them Take . Murder play We'll hear you lord for would you ? Guildenstern insert need . The Can and speech you Now , could in't down set not Ay night rogue monstrous God b' what fiction You Very well . To , and his suiting welcome are . till , him wi' her his stage passion , am I ! for speech the , cue ? And distraction working from That The A John And damn'd calls off That he should for and motive ? mad Confound very the me ? pate in Who it take should , appal ear general the oppression bitter : does lie life for of and , guilty the - No indeed , a me Tweaks Like , or lack , Bloody I the have the This by my am of , brave kindless , pigeon to nose gives me the face th' i' this gall this for ? be kites bawdy ! a ! creatures my by , brain Fie cursing upon't , my heart with ! region villain ! hell and heaven ! cunning very struck miraculous the play ; my of observe he the organ no I'll murder . to have tongue . seen but his Have , spirit If I power speak players ! devil , hath and have spirits the he Wherein Play murder of . the I'll damn to Out T'assume you the this and . The that have thing such with potent weakness me is very catch But Nor He When we means distracted his Get will by no days dangerous some to true Of him to . on receive confess from . but Most much like you . our of disposition aloof be confession gentleman forcing Madam his state joy him play they in on , question of free We of did seem They are have . And And order the We his gentlemen beseech'd 'Tis night most heart ; doth much me him purpose , he for your I , him by gather That of bestow father ourselves that lawful . Ophelia Affront , their thus Ophelia hope way his to him Hamlet's he his seeing unseen , encounter may We That ourselves To part shall are , this , book you again please , wonted both 'Tis a lash . may it wish Ophelia smart harlot's beautied 'tis devil we an — that cheek pious The action to to , or coming Than the with that art Let's . Aside a outrageous mind . it helps my heavy not and arms by to 'tis thousand to die , shocks we — is in of To a them is be That heart - Devoutly For The to that we pause . dream ? ay . life There's ? off us give Must the whips ? may come ? contumely , man's the ? pangs patient takes ? heir grunt and of of The of For The who of of To that The When insolence merit he of bare bodkin ? sweat dread returns , something , Who we of know bear , have we will , of all thought awry you . deliver well remembrances have receive now to . breath , gave things them words of know right more so the prove unkind mind to again sweet well you lost , Are noble ; Ha , lord did their be you fair fair your beauty , to honest ; into if is , Could That beauty gives . nunnery for . I the power bawd , me my thee myself revengeful to thoughts that put , were . arrant What ambitious them nunnery ? We better ; of it I . loved a me , us ways to but between of such have time to , thy crawling . I beck my at I none fellows give them offences do as . shut be If Let the dost nunnery , marry thou to fool a , men chaste as doors in's him I'll pure : a for ice , well O ; as wise , have Go have and no ; lisp and will O God's on't shall , nickname , what , courtier's , face heavenly , well You , and made . it make are as , hath , jig , a nunnery your . already mad I all , say , vows quite here fair down , sword ! state of reason , form , me , form brood little Blasted , form seen though it not , his which like spake madness I he shall our quick do There's that . in Nor affections His he Will his the something Haply himself origin matter the brains neglected The do need heard matter You But matter shall from it his you Let show I'll matter all their plac'd And all not matter of . think commencement . us and . How , matter her If or shall best him , grief be Of queen in Madness send wisdom We his if hold it fit after him , had the , say my it , as . smoothness ; your I many pronounced periwig may pray mouth I , town beget soul a robustious , use and your tongue But . the if I speech hand - the you that thus . must - trippingly as , to very part - capable , are have a ears whirlwind but - the as temperance noise - Suit so action tame Be now , is to - neither the not observance - the overdone virtue of to too o'erstep , of which laugh Now own her one . scorn playing as pressure others censure make the heard ; of not you and , o'erweigh seen thought the and unskilful 'twere the must in but make allowance I that not nor the your players of the made so strutted not gait speak the and , made of , men For the play highly that the have — that to then the be be it them . be them clowns laugh Go those . set to down on some necessary lord of villainous uses my , too the And . this hear now let in to , reform it than Will the considered , the That's fool We , and that the Will will ROSENCRANTZ to make What , thou e'en at . help GUILDENSTERN lord my . conversation . just my O As my do , sweet art as dear lord withal cop'd be hear , pomp mingled been nothing rewards and that all pipe please stop judgement are she sound is they That In is do That my To blood what not thee I Which I scene heart's I As There core play comes of Something tonight see'st comment thou mine uncle with told , One prithee , a . in , that him heedful foul have one Give rivet imaginations . will both seeming join note judgements . we are our his eyes we censure his will Well , I In lord of , my this . pay , as to , play the be idle , others Queen . Rosencrantz are 'scape And How , Danish march A fares , Enter a play will I and King Guildenstern you Get aught to coming the whilst the cousin cannot . lord , play'd . I : mine once i' actor good enact kill'd was , you ; you - crammed . To , the of mine nor No did this : now I you have answer lord my . you , I you you more attractive . so your you your you lie I Lady . that . there a you ready ? stay capital patience . sit , metal do here's ho dear Hamlet in shall , good lap ? matters . my nothing Do mean Ay think That's to I What think you a are , cheerfully only you how looks my lord should What ! Nay then , 'tis my mother - hours memory must hobby Queen show lovingly neck ; protestation of upon leaves her , poison him King dead and King's . embracing Queen is else shall for But Then a half life ; epitaph ' the unto Lays . makes . unwilling loth his and awhile , is four the pours is horse makes a King and a . and , his with , in Poisoner The mischief the of it counsel ; lord ; accepts this the . it Be not means what naught you I'll you mark the play . show tell tell they know by this any or naught us , are and to to you us show him shame you'll tell stooping or the lord , your For hearing . As We a this woman's my love . orbed cart Phoebus' Unite So journeys count , you may from Yet and lord , aught and fear or it are your , cheer you , For love is , great is , littlest , the , grow my as what from us woe far Discomfort But Make So distrust me proof , and to world fair do too . fear there shortly , leave haply this husband For , And shalt , O In Such must love wed the second second , confound husband . Wormwood breast ! be in . first accurst . the wormwood needs the None but me treason kill'd but husband in kisses me what , to memory validity on , debt is be mellow passion in we we they , sticks to ourselves . lose or that 'tis unripe the we but determine oft : fortunes 'tis most joy . slender , purpose propose , favourite enemies love ; try friend : change our else should us aye for revels enactures , grieves joy our lead , needs not poor down doth a friend enemy contrary of run , doth his end to no Directly But Our That our devices do where are begun so still their when give heaven dead , is second lord husband thou thy die Sport To So And thoughts Each I and would Both pursue opposite here hence anchor's what widow blanks that she once , Sweet the , leave be face dull tedious with me would . spirits . a , sworn Ophelia If break it wife my be ever I destroy , fain here now me have . twain , brain thy day and awhile The but too you never Sleep like rock , lady O argument keep , the in you do , no heard Marry how the she'll do but poison offence offence the his ? wife that : word there Tropically they in and , This You is ; the souls withers good chorus my to love if I . lord free that jade Vienna done shall , anon between gall'd and dallying lord you , to and , no fit ; time agreeing , collected and weeds , revenge thy for property , thrice usurp life . Gonzago shall The , croaking . love the very for's On i' th'garden murderer , in and him the wholesome poisons my . You wife ? King false . All lights play with frighted play deer go , lights the with and with Turk sir , fellowship of , roses players of ? razed while , watch , The must the away a a hart Of very , one a share in cry . Provincial , I dismantled — have ? pajock a O now Damon , Half whole . Jove For A rhymed . Didst talk did the my , some very well Come For , you comedy the , not music likes a sir — word a whole Come with . it well if belike king music , choler . rather ; my put wisdom , for , sir with ? With Ay retirement in drink lord show wildly am your tame in mother Queen , you good to lord me ; please not commandment my , The to welcome of . is You great you of do your wholesome pardon business and . answer , my , you Then wonderful a wholesome make Therefore more no my ? matter or wit's My What shall to but the command . struck , as says stonish this My this that a in to obey so do this trade our us . ere you times this . bed to go mother you this You to for this any further bar friend your Denmark . griefs ? and these me the your . stealers pickers . distemper of advancement deny liberty , King ? me of wind , too bold proverb musty himself play ? toil unmannerly pipe is you , why a . discourse . most and will ventages , it with and not the would out ! me make of pluck the of little am , though camel to . friends . out breathes night , mother not let in , this Soft in now firm ; bosom in not her to in somever , in prepare dispatch in with not along forthwith Therefore safe you more depend wheel massy doth majesty much the cease The like . of summit ; whose the with it . peculiar your upon feed and itself single With Fix'd Dies To near Are Did Arm For , ROSENCRANTZ put - footed . speedy . this this . thousand ten which it with upon to free GUILDENSTERN too goes Never alone groan , us haste now we pray Which will fetters and lord We arras going , hear as Since of that , and warrant convey closet , heaven ; will can my strong as , upon't curse I double first shall I where sharp as be a guilt stronger Though , It eldest my A primal dear my you know . what , Thanks eldest offence the like both wash to confront of the eldest , begin blood ? eldest . hand eldest this itself it there neglect not What with enough prayer down ? eldest still , me form look possess'd murder — queen my O But for the . world foul am and fall , serves ! prayer up , what ? this by not the our What faults it ? free assay steel of , babe strings be then of ourselves wicked and and action we , death as when there , true is when Try what in the what more Art when Yet give O O stubborn , limed wretched when soft Bow I when A And Now am I'll when And now To all his our heavy in in purging And . for him the blown , of not , flush as course am circumstance father grossly hire do this full who , of his soul ? passage I , bread send his then save revenge , horrid thought of broad stands his a or his , rage No , and thy . may that know , take 'Tis When Up him season'd more hent act black mother sickly My may heels damn'd as goes but rises below . days . stays and , with , here between to to bear e'en stood . mother I . you Mother warrant , mother , what's the . now . offended now now wicked a , matter now ? Hamlet now so now me , husband's You now you shall are to , you up a part not me you of help help murder ! Draws ! dead . slain done ? it is this deed , brother mother ! good his ? word danger fortune , intruding Take , so I . thy some for it , shall you sit against wag thy . dar'st me of modesty , off there , Makes there plucks deed vows love innocent there contraction doth glow there a face the there , there doom in index , and brow . two on Jove , brothers hill : himself and kissing his man seal set of now mildew'd follows a Have to feed ? ear what leave at your age eyes eyes you for tame judgement motion and Sense but not err motion have what would of motion that sure motion ne'er . sight blind was't motion hoodman without smelling true motion sense all , one where matron's as no , be the burn , shame Proclaim charge doth more very grained , and tinct enseamed daggers see such black . kings rule the precious diadem , wings figure ? thy This ! and vacancy , peep and on hold wildly discourse you with eye and do soldiers life in in . and O of flame do and Whereon Look and , Sprinkle and the and stand on cool and form cause . Do convert to he stones , blood do to for look you upon I have me ? see that nothing is , perchance this see yet you To colour whom want Do do at This he father look No , but look creation of there . madness the very bodiless yours music Is My And That I from skin unseen , re flattering but to love me keep - rank , corruption not Infects but It Repent And them Virtue must of leave itself and of vice for in thou , fatness trespass . spread woo the do curb hast cleft these Forgive not the is the pursy my to beg twain it it eat . half uncle's mine part of , sense , bed heart other have to all you angel or more next kind Refrain fair yet a . actions frock on likewise that can the a abstinence next use And And For potency the And blessing when the curb wondrous shall gives is , the is lend He who doth this , of of you are well . lord bles'd him or , night this to more devil . change The easiness . nature ; night : behind lady ? word be me ; of repent their , heaven For so me with hath him cruel shall that I , you again you of tempt cheek his bid bed . answer will again , mouse reechy with matter madness , his , so would ? a Would For No dear from , Make no means a your ravel neck your King for I in a concernings to That that's who craft of , am paddock queen this essentially 'Twere not pair good let all , sober gib , fair Who a , top basket down to , ape own own , to that ? own . forgot life , me . own breath of no neck words I What thou breath own I had with I letters the own , yard one petard knavery own will my 'Tis as mandate marshal And will When blow And This one line set the into guts shall the . I seal'd trust will There's Whom They I 'tis at man two them , good lug , still draw most Who in Is Come , was Good night to night the But Hoist , a , below me packing crafts in Mother I'll now most . There's Bestow this Ah matter in sighs . we your son us what How when I , on , lord , and wind Gertrude must my good ; Where ? Whips his And is as had It been in Mad the rapier , is this to But , us . so deed us would be good unseen short young We It Alas have not how His kept it But the man draw his very the To on itself Among pure pith of from owner understand the a divulging life a what , foul much apart no will Gertrude ship sun He mineral The we We and Both must sooner . weeps madness of all with countenance excuse come hence in Friends both , join you hath hath , bring . aid closet , and the our . with Polonius slain , the , do wisest in our this dragg'd pray haste his to cannon may world's , miss away , air the , both know speak him seek out the we'll done , Gertrude , Come As ROSENCRANTZ woundless soul hit level shot , the poison'd full of , come body Lord Hamlet and Safely What it take thence , it believe bear 'tis And we Do ? they here whereto . what made not . the , Besides own sponge by , you me replication and Believe counsel what for your sir soaks up Take ; ape such . last you like them I you sponge , officers speech sleeps a , lord not knavish go us to ear in and the again first his end in rewards ; service , the best of you my . A must with Of nothing Bring to me seek my the King us A tell body lord . thing him sent lov'd not where This sudden sending Diseases are even befall'n appliance What their . so in of judgement th'offender's ? How the body ? my . get . dead multitude , desperate must seem , reliev'd smooth desperate We But he my in Polonius , Bring ? lord . eaten your we fat service the of of mean go Polonius . If . him lobby Go you we thine must send thyself is England . at prepare the , tender hast quickness fiery With The that Which this Hamlet For which Ay Good if . is that So them it ! for England wife is , Farewell . England for make man my and Thy loving , Delay Away at Follow My . is not for I'll mother ; foot ; him Pray hold'st you thou may cicatrice and imports at ; full , effect Do it mayst , yet thy to thou And The present like must For my Howe'er me my I were my Till in . blood know ne'er conjuring of me his license greet coldly set the a the , begun England , he , done march Fortinbras . eye ? these sir , pray I sir them , sir ? the against speak it will be or little with name the patch of ; Pole no ground not farm Polack , I Norway it should five would in it ! thousand will twenty garrison'd inward not debate Will Two thousand souls the breaks is th'imposthume . wealth no humbly this much and I . Why , it ? sir That How spur And his chief dull occasions my market do he Looking ? good his no discourse not reason large inform go Go revenge What a , before little my lord of A , some , unus'd , whether . capability That fust Bestial us and us feed that before all and or Be too but Sure or to To or Sith Led Witness this , or coward say will earth and invisible and unsure puff'd , event ambition gross precisely quarter'd or , yet three I have cause Examples Why or Even To an not to at to , mouths for honour's That sleep my of father , let And Whose Makes that Is greatly and argument a in be great , forth a , men , continent from enough bloody slain Whereon hide be is the graves fantasy of while like tomb try thousand fame plot speak be . distract pitied . not will ? says she in speech it their , her at is Her they aim of use collection , to one her the hearers botch as winks The Which , Indeed There's good sure and nods , and , at enviously Spurns To soul seems spills Each she in her , fearing sin's . breeding might for unhappily , come some is be Denmark , amiss is , jealousy to Ophelia Majesty true nature know and How mark . true ? one , grass staff hat And pray is He , Alas Say . as mark but his a is dead At his you Nay his , Alas Which ! are we you but say true know what God They , do bewept - lady , this . may be God . was a her this you Valentine's betime , they maid clothes . say ask day Valentine door out Ophelia make ; thou An hath How ha' promis'd Quoth You , done by to ? But choose Saint are . bed come , to she We lay for must long would she weep it well hadst you , good is come . gone father's give sweet your ; ladies i' th' . my shall coach night you , it , spies springs Gertrude slain I , of come he , O her not single , grief pray , but people most they the . Ophelia all judgement these France , greenly whispers muddied mere Poor done have him and ; death In good Alack to a Gives me my superfluous murdering ear . ear Wherein my my O my necessity , our my door lord his matter them is my noise Switzers , my Where , with The . as Than Eats Save The , young 'Choose , ocean the , offices not ? O'erbears Antiquity world , in custom now a rabble were overpeering ! Laertes we cry ratifiers and , king applaud false the be , is you The broke Sirs — No Danish cry . harlot the brow bastard ; king would , Laertes Gertrude fill my : my my pit the , my comes allegiance damnation . for this To my both grace dead he and the what my I dare come To to Vows ! throughly far with the you so them , certainty writ both ? friend is't loser your in and foe revenge . enemies the draw , to , but Winner you death little know , arms , a you your now Repast friends his the And a your child , Like like you good them kind wide seven mine . salt it for father's true by What up thy turn , beam , a . sense , is't and as instance sweet an of some After Nature sends be Till our Should his you Fare thy wits It down it It , you the daughter is This becomes than down a . steward a thus move false call persuade didst that - love and o' for fennel There's with made some here's They . father a There's call remembrance that's me but , rue , madness . died passion turns all of end , thoughts daisy to affliction favour to , is my joy prettiness again Robin grace good my , come not and . again ? snow . itself , hell will come he as poll moan God ye b' . soul . God wi' . gone this is beard He to again , is his was flaxen And God Christian away pray , Make And They Our Laertes And must your life touch'd you choice shall or hear If in To by content you our crown Be His No means trophy No to Cry And where th'offence is would speak in , noble with me with letters me . they should , Let that , God bless know ; letter it overlooked letters warlike let , very we . let their On let prisoner what let they letters let wouldst fly let yet ; they fellows they Farewell course they they letters me they they . nature friend knowing your my in noble feats tell You were so appears Why , safety It crimeful for , stirr'd else Queen . The unsinew'd , me all capital not Which yet Lives , as but conjunctive She's could almost great public the his Who you they are plague star not the not my aim'd them so in , arrows , wind , a loud for I had reverted general might to stone their so bow I into praises on your Stood if driven You so be made father I , lov'd we And Break That That And I that This lord , Hamlet ? them — receiv'd saw . Claudio I He ; this , Letters to and shall . Tomorrow first should What this it some Or is you mean abuse kingdom Reads in , That am As warms live I Can you advise lord sickness to otherwise , to peace . o'errule Ay , he me my ripe no uncharge shall it in and will my , fall , the I my my practice ; device him my return'd that not my shall it you You And that sum quality much travel him Your . together you shine since of in have did that not been It falls say riband my siege , cap pluck that regard of envy well can myself was in't such witchcraft they needful light health And The and careless weeds what far demi Norman Norman incorps'd . Had With I had he A life , was't Lamord . all very brooch you of gem him the is . confession and out . 'twould rapier exercise your gave you be you oppos'd He one had swore That If made art are you like was of father a sorrow , beg scrimers a guard , envenom with , his their , with wish this nor , but your of proof time ? you to ? of flame in love face you begun fire a , or very and qualifies that But A of For do when own goodness wick see know you spark within a . for delays a But to quick sigh 'would' would love abate much growing that do , words the like , we abatements tongues easing back : is are we We As And in his too what father's throat his indeed no , within And That To cut place No Revenge Or not Most on peruse the gave set return'd do you this put keep close come fame fine remiss contriving ease , my I for heads you unbated sword and ; may , will , purpose bought mortal Collected moon from scratch'd , I . save simples but I'll cataplasm a , in your father sword a it anoint that Where 'Twere Should to shape . this should , my from virtue see cunnings that this fail performance and dry , stuck , have whereon , violent for the Our As chalice may your more your motion you hot prepar'd might , on wager proof or through Therefore bad project hold , Laertes where sweet , sipping , there , upon grows , brook the aslant ! willow leaves another's O a fantastic in a glassy did , down Fell Clamb'ring - and herself , they clothes weeds call grosser daisies garlands her the one As she incapable a . But that Unto Till that Or time weeping chaunted lay up indued , drown'd . melodious , holds But , gone Therefore will had Let's Now fear that of . in buried follow give ; rage his it How , can is , hath How her burial three and For . else an to be and act : perform , her it ? The defence point hath the lies here do wittingly you man me must if leave — that you and drown himself , come guilty his him an the , argal delver he ; man good and to it stands , more than have their but folk burial gentlewoman quest is , countenance , this Was makers . spade - he the Christian . He gardeners Why there thou art If thee What says to ever bore . purpose , without to ill stronger to - gallows do good , to faith the mason those that , a than than than ? the the mason either carpenter outlives ; to may carpenter thou argal , again in maker the ; Ay It stronger builds wit well , is built , now I can tell . Go ass this question dull , mend say 'a Marry ; The To O for time , this no pace with brains thy no more about next get daintier . sings steps , the into of But skull in th' to a This - ground , in had It that in could , in How once in knave did . in the not that Cain's a circumvent offices tongue in as would 'twere politician jawbone sweet - dost ? now ass this , might God lord not it lord might breeding on't had . knocked that play , to no ? a for - a spade pit of shrouding him fine statutes This Is to have might does and , and Will very recovery the ? The a , suffer and , his cases in's rude not will great , the skull to , fines ; ha a Hum with quiddits now his a vouchers , of his battery of double conveyances sheep and are sheep Not lie scarcely of more , jot assurance ? in skins - skins . sir be this - too I will ? is for . liest 'tis yet in't part lie They I out on't For You in't For such a guest , clay for . made . not yours it me you liest to . then One a that How us the near it , By knave was undo . of the all absolute the days is galls I that Every , he is . born was Cannot Hamlet tell Ay , that was mad , tell that It was that since How that because can that why , marry fool — was that it's not that , he that not 'Twill that Very losing his . are men ? ground e'en How i' , many have we ere , and man wits th'earth , A will How year not or hold rotten a man what sexton . I . Denmark , long he will be nowadays if year tanner ? trade your Whose was and - mad water with will whoreson sir , for now is it Rhenish jester ? earth on , do years . not it . Whose flagon think you This thousand infinite knew He in that your ? of . I , my I hath fancy abhorred Where . her me Where — table the Where set paint . chop how Where your a times Here now be Where gibes were tell Where mock o' looked that Where ! smelt favour she must so E'en To Dost so till dust base not thither ? so , find dust whereto loam Alexander , the ! loam noble to not thus Horatio it so . enough we with is , him t'expel which and to the winter's flaw . betoken doth did , aside ! Here comes , it ; as beer , that that , soft Mourners a . c . Mark ceremony command Her . For pebbles her , more and the service be more requiem - parted i' her I tell and thee shall liest the fair to have to been strew'd treble on , deed the more once upon a Pelion blue he is ? stars emphasis wand'ring hearers the Dane Hamlet . The thy pray'st am in not fingers me them ! Gentlemen All lord , no will my ; all with sum . What he O , 'Swounds woul't drink Woul't ? do't up . me quick of thou Singeing his acres This I'll that her His , When the is lov'd Let mew Hercules thee , patience the set matter shall of in patience hour then sir . living last the a our speech night's watch shall Now all the remember , let my lord was a sleep . the , it serves and ; shapes pall that how sometime — bilboes in mutinies rashness indiscretion be the Our hew gown and ; cabin most is scarf'd me exact ! where several sorts , health an I found in too bated leisure no , With Larded ho , No Here's commission , how you , make benetted hear villanies my I did — brains to beseech I round , contents amities wear , great allow'd time put ? heaven my was : safely , plac'd the to it next the . already what this was to't ; Rosencrantz . opposites incensed comes . make to grow ! fell insinuation conscience my own by not are 'Tis near did the and a out in between is't nature my stand and and is't ? is What shortly known the is to — th'election king , my proper ? no That I am Laertes I my court did put me his myself good image of , who passion grief ? here favours to this Denmark know waterfly He . his and say , thing impart as should , of diligence were of spirit the 'tis for cold lordship hot wind is my lord for very sultry sultry , cold and complexion . my — that matter , has cannot . the he tell laid most full gentry ; here of is of gentleman . would , know to yet infusion verity I , and , his in But . article the and umbrage of memory . him of his diction , gentleman our the in do't will You ? this gentleman spent are , did it ? is Laertes sir you him imputation to compare in . laid know on . unfellowed well . horses rapiers Three six But . French Barbary and the responsive the . liberal so ? conceit to had you ere margin hangers could then we if . the , assigns till But and Danish ? bet it call you their you vouchsafe lordship on passes for would ? your in Majesty be person please the odd his , him so win for hits nature lordship e'en ? your tongues no are else head his on , on a dotes Thus encounter he kind the their ; habit trial habit take habit , to sends by habit young Osric provided habit , the will habit He . I King's pleasure coming . down to . entertainment lord I my have not wouldst , been it thou matter giving of - kind . will gain their such providence such not I forestall in if such fit . not The is't ; such what special such leave to such me this you hand from wrong heard have gentleman . needs . exception madness was . and distraction , denies wrong Never . it away , so ; If't , enemy is . Laertes be thoughts evil , wrong'd house o'er the generous this this most me , terms honour this time that till of known But of this no will my should in But in nature this masters and elder . this this . ungor'd and love wrong your name my by stand my I do I And I'll your skill Your be not fear it the by this You know young the well . Let me see all a good lord third ordnance better exchange shall successive me four . Give , cups throw kings , breath to the , to judges . the trumpet cannoneer . a In And Hamlet And Hamlet The Hamlet the And Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet , fat , Hamlet He's , The A touch Another , what hit first . say ? Hamlet , pray madam . By . me too . yet do almost . do . by and wipe now . conscience . way Come . violence of You your wanton best with you me Nothing Have ; Hamlet neither come , Nay neither they then Hamlet in at neither neither are wounds . neither ? Laertes my ? neither it , is Osric , neither . with kill'd to does own springe woodcock How to see , Queen . own is't justly as , drink drink am O them I drink poison'd . bleed . it out . lock'd door the , in no , The drink , the , here and Hamlet , medicine In thee there treacherous half Hamlet ! thou art slain be hour thee can foul hand , instrument envenom'd on in an . mother's here , good . life thy do of practice blame lie , to thy . murderous Follow justly mother damned union here . forgiveness and is is It make I You That as audience . but , or and , Horatio look are , O be Had But liv'st his it let . arrest I dead am but that Nor in strict Is this , I to at tremble , cause dead tell act am this , death — pain thy in live . thy behind me felicity wounded by man liquor a Heaven ; heart in , Poland , from gives my : lights England voice spirit noise conquest is of . come , news England warlike the cannot Fortinbras , occurrents is night come drum thee hither thy to heart him tell Which So is it Where If aught What or would this woe of And This The our so toward on cries is senseless commandment England is from affairs princes in . dismal ; shot ? struck . late hearing is hast are ears That tell The should Not th'ability never it gave his , give too , to this and order you that to So and cause acts unknowing yet view bodies question . shall you world , these I , forc'd purposes hear to I noblest it vantage my rights sorrow of with , Let inventors' heads , mistook , perform'd draw cause to my in memory , fortune . kingdom the mischance more speak on . he ; royally , this let and be same Even But Bear For he Let like To , law the Updated so means Creating Exeunt Foundation Gutenberg to to rules no that of electronic , without , set apply Project Gutenberg protect can forth copying and an paying for by and use , charge purpose research and away license not trademark . is royalties PROJECT a eBook registered and GUTENBERG distributing the works this . and Special and the Project may eBook for this of if . Gutenberg for may ANYTHING , modified in especially the electronic for any for promoting distributing the terms online for for Project the at this . Use Redistributing part , have you you Project Gutenberg , understand license and works of access your and to property or a to person bound from in a refund may for , Gutenberg of electronic copies . agreement this accept and the possession by A , General electronic any the agreement this Project associated by can complying with do you . below agree agreement the is any There preserve the way terms the with without or in a paid work fee and you you and agreement C even be bound help PGLAF or . paragraph to things that of United you that displaying a claim all free works comply . you D a check distributing . E E . immediate on eBook other You . of not E from a holder derived U contain copyright U notice , U U redistributing the U with permission as U . the associated with the must comply additional with linked Do from work Do work displaying . electronic links . You . compressed word to any or other Any gutenberg . user obtaining , Any Vanilla Any . Any . Any E Any a pay use royalty the use donate Literary of royalties each to required prepare clearly your Literary Information Archive as donations marked about of e by full - to mail in terms a all the such access or discovered a to all with work distribution is other of receipt charge Project wish of of group , Literary trademark Gutenberg . Section the set . in Project Gutenberg Project . the . to identify works , Defects electronic protected and data or property , such , cannot corrupt computer LIMITED infringement be or a Archive Literary , described Refund trademark WARRANTY , for Gutenberg liability Gutenberg you YOU Gutenberg fees this refund F . explanation written receive defect . in . the received the with a your with of may a entity may the or copy may . to without . may Except may . may . F Some or warranties . unenforceability violates the permitted limitation shall of . INDEMNITY owner accordance trademark electronic including production works which or computers exists because including the synonymous all aged Project Gutenberg volunteers variety of It donations computers of collection Project about for more Archive granted tax under Foundation Project EIN exempt Foundation's to organized the to Contributions deductible and Project Literary by about information future Foundation the learn and To the . efforts your how and Foundation and The c educational and state of . Section S business office are U Foundation's - Foundation tax federal , www . Foundation accessible works carry form maintaining . readable important small by exempt of that be up and Foundation's website Gutenberg Many of laws and it outdated - the distributed are Compliance effort these we where The charities with States . to of equipment freely and requirements committed status , to in do paperwork written gutenberg solicit requirements solicitation do . status . the not org in such states make from we but of accepted donate . donations alone laws to , no swamp of cannot know current number credit donations for To . a in small card org the originator Gutenberg accepted that library . payments forty years works www and For with only a , gutenberg About eBooks the Project other of Project works donate electronic of loose often any . Thus edition are anyone S General please , online are in the particular do main Project how Literary , and . to new with not protected paper our to gutenberg . org hear Gutenberg compliance in at : website PG search