. your hour bitter cold . bed Francisco , Marcellus . stirring and them haste . is ground this to think I . Stand make night bid ho , who hath reliev'd . there him ! night Holla A Say what , of Horatio will not have of speak apparition him this , to . pole myself seen our story down we sit , of this . comes again like scholar the Thou it not like Looks In same the Most In march It offended stalks it , See , speak Did is By ? sometimes ! something You more might this ! mine own like not ! combated had art the ! What think , the Of God not than fantasy ? King : he Norway . jump 'Tis sledded he the smote at by when armour thyself the very to . opinion our once in an ; on the on , he So frown'd stalk hath thought strange subject daily for sit bodes This in the , In what he watch that , the Sunday that implements shipwrights toward be foreign Why the divide impress such strict some and down Good And Why might and most of of week . land , task the the me seal'd heraldry the , law who in by , goes can that , is't as of our a King For Dar'd Fortinbras life by a those , esteem'd , lands his , cov'nant there , Fortinbras same full , by , here ; doth diet and enterprise , other , state hand is , lawless which our to to terms well stomach appear us of unto recover compulsatory , those by lost main father And Of no and , e'en portentous so like these the palmy mind's state trouble little most high and the and mightiest of Rome eye of Julius ere graves and trains the sun influence whose Disasters Did squeak with in of and the empire with doomsday Neptune's the tenantless in precurse , though ! Lo blast , me . use it where me or thing it grace art Speak ease thou happily privy to foreknowing , thy good me O thou treasure say . Stay you , life walk oft speak speak in speak speak earth in uphoarded in hast the ! speak speak womb and speak stand speak here , so air is it here 'Tis here it as speak when the cock here . violence , here at here - I a hies spirit earth truth erring in air , abroad night is power , strike probation crowing , planets dare crowing confine . And of the the of on crowing faded This our dawning is season that 'gainst comes ; long crowing stir time I look spirit crowing my clad it . crowing spirit no . seen by in do part mantle high upon believe , hill of up what Hamlet Unto Break we us young needful Where , conveniently life speak it him tonight him I most , fitting our morning dear one in be yet Hamlet and , discretion grief of . and Voltemand Laertes That Therefore we our Together mirth Have With weighing wife along that Holding With his much , Of hath our for ourself valiant father fail'd to this with brother Our Colleagued with of us lands bonds with young , that are here made dispatch , law much . purpose ; and bed and further Out of Cornelius lists , the Thus To Norway herein : you , levies suppress hears . duty our commend your we show . Dane is't . haste your King no good bearers to , and further scope than allow with , Laertes you suit , nothing news my all And That the and whence From Your wouldst Dread though my show is Than To Yet leave duty favour to my your in lord France Denmark to , pardon Polonius thine my kind than thy leave hour Laertes ; and seal'd you , spend Hamlet the , than my , at it hard last . less ? on lids off , be time ; and too colour , kin a much on vailed friend thy lord that for noble , nature . lives the ? nighted with thee particular so I forc'd of indeed , seem These moods fruitful of solemn mother not . black breath haviour alone not 'Tis Seems Nor customary within your your , obligation . obstinate obsequious , That To In shows a stubbornness most , simple understanding An . and be unfortified heart know the we most opposition to , common a , most , and who ? Fie dead ' till corse fathers against death Is vulgar 'This must be so today throw died hath cried , heaven vulgar to still whose that take , our pray vulgar to vulgar intent your father let to vulgar most Than the first vulgar father From immediate immediate immediate This immediate In I And You the less you retrograde immediate cheer courtier not thee with us obey you not go a Madam immediate Denmark . reply , ourself unforc'd , madam . Wittenberg , fair clouds drinks today bruit . away that and best all a , Hamlet 'tis Why This ; shall , fix'd melt would the too heart accord Hamlet , in great And 'gainst weary ! Oh , slaughter and Or Sits smiling health cannon too to earthly heaven King's speaking canon How Seem grows it So But two months her not ; so beteem roughly might he dead seed . As remember I increase Why too ? and me A fed month she or Frailty poor ere . which all tears , even reason , him father like more no but ; brother Than But Ere father's longer A mourn'd to the the . such heart , for I , post my good tongue to to ! hold glad or to , same , I break is to see your lord ever friend . well . you change I am Horatio do servant Marcellus you make my even Good lord from : with , good name , lord so violence — Elsinore report your of deep your know I me to what teach , think Thrift , it ! forth me wedding , see mock came I me I Indeed my me In me saw was father , methinks me that day , for his upon . again like your ! my yesternight saw lord My My lord , the a may . gentlemen to marvel God's nights encounter'd and , and cap your , watch , he , eyes pie the solemn distill'd me before and their his Within Goes slow stately fear ; not they had , the with dreadful speak they kept both made secrecy and In them exactly A on , time and , true deliver'd in your . upon , did head up none I motion at the lord answer made Did lifted to Itself But from strange 'Tis very vanish'd But It And even sight writ we As And Indeed , I the , morning as it cock in our crew To let , you Hold troubles his wore ? say lord my you , Then lord , in look'd more my My head to foot . you upon his eyes Most I had been there very , very would like It would constantly . it amaz'd might BARNARDO longer ? it watch tonight , silver'd I His I I I'll If to assume my peace hell pray you all , well . gape , should this I , it warrant whatsoever an requite you understanding loves . to mine All the not well ; still , come eyes . will to them , farewell . to as father's some all sit loves Though My embark'd night were rise benefit , nature not a favour grow the of but it more not this mind temple ? minute No Think crescent so , subject as , not no his greatness His Carve The He The The and withal . Perhaps service ; now , own besmirch , cautel ; soil nor must choice body of if choice be that which ; particular act so and depends birth , must head . says he yielding voice Whereof he is It the your heart too 'scapes canker The Contagious , strokes the prodigal dear . moon are and their blastments best safety none imminent . fear near . else most dew , lesson good the me Whilst As the like a puff'd and not not path thorny But good ; reckless libertine , in lies and of not father rede ungracious way as recks . is , this . keep comes . heaven aboard your my thy with sail blessing memory , of , act , tongue no no thought thoughts for . vulgar adoption in . the upon ? stay'd character thou friends them new thou And thou dull hatch'd , unfledg'd with and but Be Those Grapple Yet entrance thine censure not thy , by their with of entertainment , voice . Beware steel . station that the man and be lender itself edge the of borrower loses dulls husbandry friend . in the false the self any . true be thee . in season I do : follow then of For And a all Neither borrowing must , to , leave Farewell invites take my be as the not to nor a ; of own canst above And it , yourself you And my lock'd . remember it Lord said touching bethought : oft late Hamlet . of , me you . yourself you — most , them what you as lord in Affection As What do my his of ? you , Do is Pooh ! know my think I yourself should , Which , Running That do you not Marry — it not , these ; me me importun'd he In you hath may the almost given hath it tender , catch vows . I it , it heat vows light their more to springes how speech it call countenance holy it all , these in daughter know it it , time , it : brokers show , this bawds ; he him dye believe may Than not Do And that . terms slander mere of But better , beguile sanctified his vows be with like to you Have charge I , give words or . Lord from , any with the air it an eager is ; near draws . struck is his ; to my ; tonight the draughts takes wont It it lacks , out here walk reels bray ; rouse down his though nations it east it though , revel manner heavy traduc'd and headed ; than and and perform'd though in though of mole choose cannot wherein o'ergrowth birth it though of origin our at . phrase indeed chances they though not complexion his them men forts too manners vicious of though in particular swinish are down , and pales , nature some nature ; stamp that — the — in The undergo of a Fortune's they man all the own substance censure one these reason , guilty , of much that , else The form virtues From particular the livery or general as infinite Shall His Doth . dram of scandal it or blasts damn'd , sepulchre , marble the in thee Hamlet me mean , hearsed quietly and What , again why , thee cerements thee may the fools disposition , shake steel ; moon What our to our of , the thus thee up thoughts why horridly with should souls we it did impartment ? this As to , Say To you . alone it you to some . if do But by means more it I as , it a fear ; immortal . puts toys of every into immortal sovereignty assume there beetles to waves It immortal And deprive looks And That very you draw The Without immortal more so it , madness place Or What if it tempt immortal o'er again . base of your some immortal ? other summit the cliff it , of desperation Think the beneath many hears I'll lord . thee hands not on , my . me of . say , a on . obey him desperate I'll , him to will state the not . direct Speak , let's I'll go will him ? me . no me Mark up and almost is hour ghost poor , tormenting . hearing . unfold lend shall what me Doom'd Are To What when fires word lightest But my walk of done , night forbid I am , end must dear ! thy ! Murder But thy Revenge most thy me thy my , thee apt thoughts I thy that foul most foul thy As as the to May . process the the duller rots 'Tis A Rankly Is stung ; but did Now the by out in in thou find shouldst or know't to Haste the know sting thy my ear orchard Hamlet in the so ; the the , witchcraft With , that Mine wit have traitorous gifts power . that to that the beast shameful , dignity with to , with gifts , his and to wicked those With Upon let Brief So lust , though in hand Though her To in Holds the enmity as swift leperous secure . of with And The such That natural quicksilver distilment juice gates a it of So blood like thin The Most a and And lazar I life Of Cut wholesome vigour and . once ; my sin hand , loathsome about , not unanel'd of at , sent on ! thee in nature not howsoever , pursu'st and to , crown , All of blossoms my dispatch'd heaven bosom uneffectual matin thee the , 'gins worm - adieu host couple And you , my sinews ? of shall all I O . grow distracted Yea of All saws thou , That O tables smile I villain My it and Meet villain baser commandment all , all Yes pernicious live ; my ' Denmark villain it set woman my by and . word ; may is O least one . is So is 'Adieu is is is uncle It , you is , Within . Within . lord Nor I my lord , by heaven it . once be of my lord . secret Denmark , Not But would , and , To ne'er an lord , knave my dwelling man MARCELLUS heaven arrant ? the hands desire for go poor own at and you , right : part . words . you heartily — my desire point , tell here , is this let between , friends , Horatio vision Touching . too offence by , Yes It O'ermaster't you Give , what HORATIO I , I . sword . already my my faith my my in not . lord have We Cries you , Come on boy ? the there cellarage , truepenny Swear Beneath . my , that . shift by oath the sayst this Consent , Propose to . have Then ubique , this of your again my that upon my gentlemen , sword . i' have our heard you pioner O Than as day And and therefore are are dreamt night never so shall put , of I To , such strange , perchance odd before as arms How disposition never meet — phrase think is , things , ambiguous , could or , Or by we to Beneath spirit might' would' do , Hamlet to gentlemen , pray in you cursed . to us lips let's , is ever Nay I come out was right , it . is as friending Let man a love . and t'express your money will these my Before You you first said ; very My That Than your particular encompassment at who company demands will come of drift son they As how , Take And Marry , do his father this lord may he's very put so 'not ; him on that say gaming such him , wild go , dishonour may , or Quarrelling Ay As drinking . but : he may meaning That's Of my My not That You Faith here's is would do know you should flash ; mind , blood assault Wherefore And I Marry , laying the in you you so or closes seen you breathe , The youth ' and country . in prenominate i' of . would fetch sir it on these or the He According to He sir , I — And , does then At 'closes At the By mass about At saw was saw falsehood indirections By With , 'I then the consequence' : tennis' so do windlasses And Your a brothel and son So you by lecture me , have , you lord yourself ? reach of bias and Good And Well , him lord his lord . matter the Farewell , Alas lord doublet in of sewing God . all his , his Lord My with his as hat , shirt he , look and Ungart'red Mad know thy horrors of lord My , I do wrist he , by his with And took Then As , would falls to the said of his and the What my brow arm ; length , held but length it a head sigh perusal hand his Long length out length And he to thus length length little such other length — find doors . bended over done seem That his length the will very way piteous waving . of shaking to did being his to and , help his lets shatter went head o' , he me without And For with He As you his but letters did command beshrew afflict meant To known , It And I had I did lord ; as repel quoted wreck him thee . better That with I it ourselves sorry am not to beyond it cast ourselves is for our to to hate , go sort age did ! ourselves . King ourselves move . love kept we in ourselves ourselves Come utter being , common ourselves nor sending we Welcome Resembles , much Rosencrantz ourselves we did to you the you with both , put to , to it himself to humour court to heard man , to dream so since That to I So his it was What that I neighbour'd vouchsafe little as open'd , sure gentlemen to I he adheres much time profit occasion pleasures in glean , living will and are of you such thanks will , us command of have . receive your and with majesties you , the . obey in your here Than the your up our To both commanded be service To lay pleasures sovereign , these gentlemen Guildenstern . gentle to . Hamlet , our him and , changed Guildenstern presence and practices is , King my gracious this ? duty Hunts not trail , the do I Hamlet's — policy of — God my to hold I Both do it O Give of My news tells I doubt His father's and head Well death it we The He do me , Say , from good my , what Most fair our His borne his a sent he of , levies nephew's To But better your against Makes th'assay vow in Norway old And his commission employ in annual against fee , quiet pass , shown and set dominions please for to of therein are As down well us took : labour . read allowance enterprise this well we'll to expostulate ended welcome is liege My Why our , thank we Go your and you , what , night night , What is but the brief , since brevity , should upon this business . your - well be Most majesty night the soul son to is , is time of is madness . wit mad . 'tis true 'tis no art . pity . will A art at figure all less mad Perpend she whilst the comes by thus , and this of for , mad I More Mad find say effect daughter Who given To the ill That's an phrase For remains Now phrase remainder and most ; this from her ? a vile , beautified is . faithful . art is to and of faithful of would fain had seen hot must , might you think , wing , and queen desk a this is No ? a mistress upon look'd might Or I I given , had dear daughter I this it , I Or If This That , into he , sadness a Fell , And Thence a , raves weakness declension this , now , thence short herself , And lock messengers done to to there Take from this if that , such this If be time may a That truth You know How may Here he So is the the . behind my for the a thereon fall'n love an If his sometimes the time I arras then to him , assistant the a no encounter a the the the me be But look I'll Do board presently do sadly I him , Away to honest as be true , thousand goes world ten , Honest I would I Then her Have I th' sun have you by that ; was my to't blessing Still suffered extremity I him the How me at say not , fishmonger much What , again is , words . lord . read do harping I said he truly speak who ? lord — that ; yet old honesty a their here wit powerfully like am are you potently with most tree . For faces amber , and you a set lack grey . have I it method lord ? Into out the my is there go be it which and this , hold should be madness of yet , to pregnant reason . daughter of him on , I , backward grave my is , Indeed replies , You cannot withal , life not could o' the the lord honourable suddenly sanity seek the except from sir Fare my , well my of means contrive Polonius . to To go You My . As ! My honoured God lads thou Guildenstern both very shoe On are the Neither her , parts secret ? Faith her Fortune , the most we she news news is But that she sends lord news prison news Denmark's news Then is the many news , worst th' o' one news are not think We world . news my so ; one Why so you it To bad myself bad and prison your for , too 'tis me and have the shadow . substance of the quality that monarchs Shall beggars hold we and ROSENCRANTZ not an you I will like my at ? But you occasion make no attended . by of I GUILDENSTERN other a am with you sort honest to matter . way should What But know your me . To me teach you the Come come ; nay , lord say were my and ; there is craft sent rights proposer were direct direct you of If direct your I of , forgone my moult anticipation direct no heavily so Queen we lord ; why , you direct , Nay tell but to wherefore most secrecy will I direct your late and goodly a other this excellent in of , exercises majestical ; and frame I King so the canopy know not shall prevent have discovery custom that . mirth a why golden , yet moving , And how . animals of ? Man and is man fretted the no firmament thing to roof than and pestilent in god noble admirable , me and the my thoughts not : no , nor to , to say in stuff delights though dust by your receive , coted target shall them . what , foil , they then , did think He of adventurous are the , say her What . delight the from if , lord my the that ; clown the the both , residence are man his welcome shall lungs freely . I they better means the in . the was in — late rusty they , so followed when was the ? Their by I hold their How inhibition estimation they did ways both ? think No same they ; for't 'em scarce come and question sir grow ? it . endeavour , little common . pursue so and are the most children . of aerie their . are , clapped — they . These the thither many they — writers . do as they ? fashion that them — call grow than they better do controversy the Is't much ? question against no are quality they afterwards their to sin no there bid to unless poet O Ay , that they ; in my carry uncle my carry brains and and forty find 'Sblood , carry if the Elsinore carry players . natural lived , in this There carry this are carry yours . are . deceived You must The come you tell comply . southerly is . the , Your hands lord the father entertainment like more Well , you Happily welcome In what , my When . an a is man they clouts ear . old . That . them twice me lord The Upon . Roscius When tell come Then came world , buzz his for pastoral honour my either each , too These scene , comedy , only — ass , history tragedy the - O of - comical comical the heavy - and cannot Seneca , The writ . tragical - the hadst ! love that , th' i' I which 'One The call you Aside It The first welcome are friends welcome friend . know God Why then lot by the , thou , my me cracked like your in chopine We'll gold ! mistress last We'll welcome all have . a Come a of , you and thee of . by O ladyship within . is the Pray to all . I am By'r . Com'st quality , digested savoury cunning the I such cried in the as , speech But play — set I were the One Dido of play . whose caviare heard the well , for speech general in once . it once , but it was never not , as make indite with an modesty excellent others to , Pyrrhus with horse resemble , your it , fine in matter no begin not rugged It That With , where blood is total , a lend vile grandsire And With my , well 'Fore too Striking Rebellious Priam to short the father falls and at to , But Seeming arm , lies him he his Pyrrhus' prisoner Which was declining , senseless . and For on base feel Takes . to Stoops his with Th'unnerved So , a a reverend , this blow bold The A But Of like as And him With synod power from him . her ; him hill him say , Pyrrhus' falls Now out him , Out all him bowl too And Break is or Say mobled too jig for with ; a too is down 'Mobled too 'The He's too Where bisson too the About good and ! up her this too 'Gainst clout for a the good . flames — caught venom pronounc'd , that and all late rheum , A upon A diadem and themselves Pyrrhus her not sword his And clamour speak out the rest of , Good them clamour this tears no . you clamour not has where . see clamour are for your were the turn'd clamour and . all , clamour of gods bestowed abstracts better , less After should well ; you I have used well death they , will , whipping they 'scape ? much , friends Come more Use , use them your you hear The a some of could in't insert need study and him speech ? friends to , mock you look and My You night welcome . leave . Now slave in and Good that ye dream to all from Tears his , his distraction his wi' , fiction not Is so what a God Ay A broken conceit he What's he to in his forms O in it But That Hecuba ? the drown general the the the weep Hecuba her Could her Had cleave The her , cause ? I a her across coward king my I , indeed . blows Am most , mettled her and eyes dreams - a very Confound mad the He motive for should her And - whose , peak , speech stage free ; appal with the life ? throat ? cannot , the liver'd all : does me this of unpregnant not face my in Who it , and my dear gives lungs pigeon make I With Plucks Tweaks me by the nose , take - should slave's bitter should I ! kindless region or ! with murder'd ! father ! This dear by , Have That For They struck by the have miraculous . Play something quick I'll my father will , his that The murder but looks ; my and , the , have blench seen perhaps , play's the spirits melancholy hath these power The this is of a be , and . If he devil and such me damn me relative conscience catch than very to from As he Wherein I'll of , lunacy his dangerous himself will forward crafty would he days no drift of circumstance distracted , confusion ? disposition . But with of fell that any his in free forcing much state true his Of his reply question him , we these about order court of , night To And , it to pastime , demands entreat and me to true him a kind told the have . already your matter the Of . content Gertrude , closely , on it purpose him to a further doth may , delights him drive my all And Sweet as have my shall We And he Her Affront , lawful espials is , unseen judge or . virtues you , may blame this colour . it please , o'er . sugar we The a doth too this you book , visage in conscience helps most . Let's lord . to outrageous is , that troubles , in be or , slings to take my . to and arms against arrows nobler end by by To The Whether be Or And To When sleep pause calamity long this off makes Must that have the time , sleep consummation may dreams wrong oppressor's That perchance wish'd . Devoutly more ache , flesh to , heart The who would For sleep of of , and unworthy weary the those , bourn after fardels , death of all ? resolution thus makes the dread Ophelia of action . Soft awry of moment the to traveller returns , pith us rather the we not us thought , and , sins ! name enterprises o'er their Nymph lord this , well ; long - them re of aught gave , No I I longed never you . did you more so know now . you not receive remembrances . deliver yours well . have rich Take Ha rich unkind compos'd . these gifts rich rich and rich rich ? rich gives time . for of me , Indeed should stock you . truly you to is it likeness was I you ; relish we shall you Why you We ? thee to . you with indifferent myself nunnery have mother yet more deceived accuse could be a thou wouldst my , as crawling believe lord your give I at , At all fellows . nunnery are . ambitious should but honest What give O you thou . for thou wilt escape of marry To Be heavens Farewell . father none Where's , Let If home , thee him help pure , go as know , another , him well . you God , make wantonness amble ! hath , made married . I but they are are that as shall and hath . creatures restore make no yourselves powers . you . Farewell given your jig , You enough me you all , To of quite and mould fair , wretched vows sovereign of ladies and noble that unmatch'd bells jangled out feature woe see Like Th'observ'd I The of fashion and the his of what harsh , down quite music reason , his a though There's it way form in brood , little , see , tend , of me blown see not sits neglected determination quick , of objects matter With it Haply be seas variable brains What . The From Whereon of . puts expel , different heart on't grief I ? believe thus , be alone , all well commencement neglected . let mother You it if But We To Sprung It lord , Lord . what do ear , the with entreat you she unwatch'd great It ; or be ; shall ; pray many you you , To all ; the your a beget , and hand town But the tongue as soul - as , may may as as I very to that to of your as nothing ears smoothness . O passion for not pronounced , as as I mouth crier temperance part have neither tame not as too I to as - a , use gently , fellow of Pray modesty playing hold anything for both to the special . your with and mirror of the to nature discretion , own the avoid Termagant shows . you own 'twere image or age nature at it that speak I allowance the make not nor . and men made have . others the his is purpose feature whole a seen tardy the time censure of virtue show to others heard , we have they Nature's nor having praise and accent so reform'd of man neither journeymen imitated for meantime . too than altogether , I pagan that and , humanity that indifferently had laugh set necessary And is reform more be to set hope in down it though considered That's the O themselves to , And , too King this man . a your ; hope flatter thee , poor good . think my O , No Hath one could , As And may clothe Nay advancement revenue thee what may no fawning dear follow the fawning And That the fawning let soul men my fawning thrift fawning ta'en suffering thanks . buffets blessed Fortune's well heart fawning father's of . slave passion's not is That To Whose That blood , core my As is told see'st itself eyes will of his we ghost damned not is For stithy . as heedful our both will are censure , my I And steal If Observe a unkennel Do uncle mine It And They . A detecting aught I he Get , the play King and I ? the Hamlet the . must I , capons so . Guildenstern Enter I will I play . Polonius Ophelia , i' . are once I not I th'university I mine promise this with of How now That No , Julius capital ? kill'd enact . you i' ready him . I a Brutus . the . patience more attractive Be . so players Caesar of kill upon me by . your ! good , lord ; my . that dear lie metal sit , here's . No lie lie To the King I lie upon lap lie lie lie ? legs my Nothing merry Who . my lord ? man . within's but , Ay your only , you how - cheerfully my . hope Nay ! Nay then die man's - must memory may months devil build the heavens , sables hobby he great hobby She and She The , finds three to woos seeming . off takes The crown his makes head him returns Poisoner with Queen kisses upon asleep body loth love . it ; my , mallecho miching and unwilling cannot you show to , they'll players him . for a ring of posy our stooping , We prologue Is any that shame naught You wash times As love and cart orbed borrow'd with moons Tellus' our hands , ground round gone sheen , know , you . there is , kind — one , belov'd leave must my love as And Where great is love fears My And Honour'd thou operant I , husband in breast ! first accurst none marriage , my me ; love dead bed . tree , memory poor oft you now sticks mellow we passion left should with us question fortune a loves not joy grieves aye lead down man great The Whether is our , mark of fortune favourite else friends fortunes not change , to yet our nor on lament fortune on never hollow a him shall you , enemies tend . doth a lack his ; flies , run , light and , well blanks hope scope joy strife , wife . day be the I now it here should fain . would , thy tedious grow , My 'Tis To , you , Sleep protests but argument the how lady but do they , 'tis have knavish Tropically in ; the us touches play there do Gonzago , jest how What the Duke's This . work unwrung . but . see could worse edge . Pox , for leave bellow . revenge agreeing damnable , thy infected wife very . rises King written in th'garden gets the choice else midnight of The see . anon how fire , weep sleep rest , go forest a me away play strucken , while some . of with , roses , my razed ; if deer cry Provincial must ungalled world ; Half know This O might I'll good For realm dost Of Horatio of the the well music well ! Ah talk , lord poisoning my . Come ? the not , perdie recorders the , of King a Come he some , him choler richer to . what , to distempered sir , sir , start and his frame would him not me sent hath , sir choler affair the be return , will answer my . a not I . lord the answer mother — you you sir mother sequel bed go you admiration stonish mother this can behaviour . My . you answer , shall lord I so that , you Sir you when , own succession in have grass one as — me be wind the duty well Will cannot play ? unmannerly into upon . I , you see recover to if not do I know beseech skill these , you thing a . mouth these of your you are the . my ventages any harmony and with . music to utterance of , unworthy my , cannot instrument , to the out ! You would I in would you me excellent music Call me you weasel in , presently ? and of camel you camel indeed me by , me , could and , yawn the now is by easily look to quake heart , on bitter business now I drink hot not the Soft . not her this , nature thy cruel in this be my soul to words seals To How give To let . shall England to our terms madness will range commission The I Hazard not your his he ourselves And I ourselves With all the peculiar of but much the life ourselves armour ; gulf a cease ourselves your keep ourselves Most live To ourselves That The and . To keep lives . The not of upon alone it the spokes , free haste - this speedy voyage , mount . thousand consequence . tax was wisely he's the . and mother's going , you process that nature of you , than should well go you . you , not , bound intent business double to as sharp as will shall , mercy ? serves sweet Whereto of we ere prayer ! form look fall to twofold of murder possess'd foul hand , heavens force Then the forestalled down since ? turn past pardon'd Or what's is There oft In one 'tis Offence's My Of Can Even To his true nature repentance ! O can teeth law , Buys , And out is , Now I pat , it And do't do hire , salary full , is the well born - babe . reveng'd ? send that villain would he goes he to scann'd not : flush of and this And father That . am I his O villain He With Up Then of ; asleep thou his knows then save hent act bed in't heaven , below remain heaven . And trip him that his , As hell This , physic but prolongs advances to go too home and broad lay fly Words will that I'll , you be I'll screen'd been have , you Mother , I warrant . him your pranks straight . Pray round Look . you his Much Within Come Go , are And , not you you rood come Where rood set those rood Come , rood I'll then , rood , and ho A rat rood What ? know not done I am hast what , O Nay , me I bloody bad king a , kill and Almost deed rash A a wretched , lady Thou . rash To rash rash rash That the rash it If I From the a blister fair soul , the dicers' sets false As As That what See presentment what the , the ? brothers . index act . doom picture this grace the was of front , station Mars A eye Hyperion's curls like like to heaven seem to form indeed seal , hill , man ear . follows a . eyes ? humble have ? you thrall'd err not ; tame fair ? call upon this not to , to reserv'd such ? without - blind devil ? that sans hoodman ? difference at feeling , of shame one ? thy is bones ? some for motion madness Sense ? sight . so choice of quantity you sickly a canst in frost And Hamlet turn'st not tinct grained more . love ears mine . live more stole and . vice A empire precious pocket heavenly You Do , laps'd important say of and acting in time your dread passion lets , forget but Do works mother ! tardy What , son . command go ? alarm excrements the in O in soldiers spirits is't end Whereon and flame is't , glares distemper is't life do eye lady wildly , is't , is't is't sleeping , stand the hairs patience the an . thy he look preaching pale look , me . steals ourselves but you nothing . at the liv'd as ecstasy , for cunning Bring ! the ; to your cunning , of to soul cunning . test love unction , word re that skin corruption . past what's cunning Infects spread cunning To Repent do not , unseen cunning my grace what compost must of for leave in them , mining ulcerous , virtue good ; weeds is avoid the And this beg other , bed , doth in easy more of when And use you are blessing repent ; but it this be him out , bles'd or . kind livery and this Refrain the throw . kind good well answer me , lord same behind remains again night good so with scourge , heaven me do I this , on by bloat The him paddling let , cheek King your neck for ravel That you in your wanton am 'Twere a but essentially queen paddock in For dear that's a concernings . I craft in the sense a famous basket the . thou Be And of , you know no in own if breath What must to had will the trust seal'd I me bear his own one delve petard Hoist with marshal And Whom They For moon line one the . 'tis directly , foolish . man the When in lug And blow now translate fit . we ? understand These . mother to in still good , Good sighs son a . Hamlet , his , lawless both rat In something a been we is so with It been His To yourself shall mad have will you This of But To of like it pith of not kept the man laid how of It Should had of full restrain'd us deed , everyone of . haunt love of , of our , so a very Among To pure what was life . divulging of of . mineral with join in Hamlet both , Both we The no will itself Shows . But . sun Gertrude must . him from , with Ho our him some slain aid he and this . dragg'd up what we'll the . mother's I speak chapel know them Gertrude his madness out . And Come And And Transports ! What ! What ! and what not made own ! replication believe of ? son believe his he believe , be king believe . is but , believe again believe be his in ; King King's sponge best sponge , you of corner the do officers up the jaw gleaned dry . sleeps the with not is where knavish . understand and , I am . Bring me Hide him , us must tell the King is thing nothing How like And the But How What ? body now the Where at To th'offender's bear . so lov'd sending . him is pleasure . Bring , lord At supper supper ? where but , is eaten . A only where's . Where , and ? lean We politic fat worm is end variable is table your fish with that ! That's but Your else may fat to but the one fish dost king mean eat , of that of by progress If But him Attendants To will some place see . indeed messenger guts the if him seek lobby , Polonius Send him month thither i' heaven . to , th'other within Th'associates , and everything is England . knew'st , For For So that sees is cherub them it , mother , my man . mother wife and is so Come if see Follow and at seal'd him . Hamlet loving not ; it on ; have thou — sword thereof cicatrice , thy mayst imports which , like The By letters to Since my England leans if my th'affair . Pray hence . were ne'er blood joys my me my not and raw looks that free awe set , 'tis Danish . us the a license Fortinbras king ; his know lord . with , softly Go in eye , How Truly little no addition , sir frontier and with some main , ground patch a no to sold in it is it then souls , ducats . and Polack Why wi' dies debate of question , and shows and cause sir you straw Yes This That inward b' with my dull do me a his Go straight I'll much wealth without . sir . beast , man more discourse you be How occasions all sleep before capability and , godlike Now unus'd and with gave whether th'event precisely quarter'd which A thought Bestial Of I Sith Be If and spur Looking To Witness delicate of army gross will say three made but that Sure in thinking us , or on hath this , thing's one strength earth and divine mortal and danger unsure event mouths , the , to be . great , dare , stain'd straw , see fame for cause or , enough from be O bloody is numbers death my have And sleep But the kill'd stake father of Excitements That That Go , their To to ? be the tomb them . be much , may thoughts , nothing doubt , it strew , unhappily in her come - guilt spilt , great . to be is some to . love Majesty beauteous the Where How I How itself ? this what hat imports and heels Nay , you his At At his shroud Larded bewept With true - the to sweet owl the you , lady ? table what ask they you , a : maid , clothes on't to by are they , men By thou I You Cock will do't if for , an and and before she , by Saint you to Gis By choose shall my , brother My . ground I not long it weep will they I ; When O her ; give in , from Next For But your just gone and he her I greenly . or her and the in pictures mere , France himself and to and father violent muddied thoughts fair people slain , author , and most Divided Without . ear to nothing , of his keeps of dear matter not wonder much secret speeches necessity Gives noise is , death , clouds beggar'd , this places door ? matter . Let , are ? Switzers what death guard them lord of with a list call , lord , ' known but head haste the What is Save ocean young offices The , How ! tongues we and riotous him begin without . all . leave No — doors is this counter is Where my the me Laertes vile , Laertes cause . father my to Calmly That drop I thank you of came How To , both come Most Let and worlds , only ; I profoundest I the To this , little , well , friend , the shall They will , go means kind the Repast my with them and child , Why gentleman father's judgement 'pear sensibly guiltless I As day Like Within now heat It to in true death , fine . where instance it . dove thus move and rain'd barefac'd bore his nonny him nonny , tear ! a - a him false . steward This that's nothing's remembrance for is there rosemary than . remembrance fitted There's for Sundays O and And . pray that's madness you thoughts , rue died father end . say . They joy prettiness ? again ? bed , poll . gone . God Go I you I away his he his white come - again will flaxen , on souls God He beard was All we soul is cast And whom of choice Or , by deny you , commune . hear shall direct touch'd we ; lend life , it due be this his hatchment formal in . great . axe fall . me they What , shall , comes th'ambassador 'Horatio fellows to days , so grapple a , Horatio , means Finding ship the at too , sea ourselves for them of and thieves like clear of repair words where I speak light of valour some . of two chase me good of of our me , of old turn of in in have you Sith he your and with father slain ear friend , me tell But . capital so Why by crimeful proceeded well That And my hath life your , heard put me Which yet may your So As , you me by his star but public great to the , all love faults the her count by . that spring dipping in gender bear not might affection , motive sphere arrows . again loud my had where not And Convert Would like could She's I not so , That as Is Too Would worth , sleeps made our . father hear love to . so all go , lost driven if challenger A And How now , I will lord , from the ? this will my your From , will my given that Letters Hamlet will to ! will This will Sailors They brought them . them . Claudio say lord asking character postscript in Hamlet's is What shall your and thereunto strange pardon all Or should this hand no , Can you advise 'Thus If shall am That It lost how own So To you o'errule me to ? otherwise , that , practice shall mother , undertake , my lord peace not exploit he shall it his at to And rather if falls the right for sum Your him , that you in been I , call I together shine , hearing pluck and unworthiest the Of As that The that have And light settled his sables it cap ? regard . such in months becomes since wears that serv'd unto his and witchcraft such can well grew to the beast Than age graveness livery seat my tricks in forgery A short As . he I brave of of So and he . thought natur'd , especially defence , That If He swore could he And art He know gem well same brooch , of this a most motion he coming could sudden , Hamlet cried He is nation , of you report masterly exercise and match out you . so to — and , with wish father Now The of one If of of Not of qualifies that I love in father of ? to you sorrow ? time by of of abate still pleurisy a goodness will very love do of , changes , many th'ulcer ; as for tongues easing . and delays , by : in That do hath More than what the quick you deed accidents 'would' we would are this ; your excellence fame home : praise varnish bring free peruse The Will not his indeed bounds throat this heads and the a Frenchman And gave on generous Most wager you Revenge No place , should return'd , have We'll Will Hamlet put a , so being , ease together fine . sword , from have cataplasm a of do't pass I'll dip no all draws that will a anoint I that , This Where the is this to our convenience contagion but And for us drift look . be think this , slightly time of be It further be Under be what be May With be be blast When a solemn your bouts calls motion he make in did more motion . to have and , dry — see motion , motion end , but that venom'd stuck I'll whereon there sweet upon Drown'd motion motion ! willow leaves glassy motion drown'd , where sister's O brook . Laertes did ? Queen another's a in is woe the Your , daisies shepherds hang - the in When crow But our flowers There shows hoary a stream . spread and old tunes melodious . her long own herself broke coronet sliver they it But creature of chaunted one like . an boughs men's And Which her , her weeds , be bore wide of native death drown'd is . thou my nature I trick a I It shame is ; poor holds gone . her When , fain it ; start she be therefore buried fear I How much I burial Christian her . For here in to . so found herself and 'tis she drowned finds it own cannot to to this Here . mark you that water Nay lies but it is — three , and his quest law hang themselves pity And to this in thou , grave - spade drown . world say'st . Come , countenance gardeners ditchers Why , even Christian the , heathen . art says thee that he What digg'd If . the Go answerest dig thou understand arms the . how ill ? a . unyoke or shipwright again ; argal does , can . tell To't tell , Mass more you it when houses ; methought O , O contract To Has hath feeling this Methought the it did fetch me stoup of , behove he sings at , property of sense . a stealing his clutch , knave the now the first How . once , that which might it did this dost not sweet a beg to such might It lord - ' a one's courtier , horse when say 'Good lord meant revolution the to a sheet think . the knocked chapless more ache no shrouding a spade , For pit a is his him time tell now be his , this and be recognizances of pair of his this purchases pate lands will no breadth more , statutes This fellow suffer . dirty might will his his , in's not fines buyer , jot Not , Is and made , more of no parchment not this pit a , such For think I O fellow which seek grave's this be . liest for , is . guest meet is guest thou guest 'tis it mine . guest the for guest . guest thine thou away therefore quick and ; thou guest ? or equivocation must but , picked his he been courtier the th' i' grown , these toe — was . that so ? born is tell that the kibe - came that is long Every why mad , no . there are wits there ? they came he say men the , Very seen been what ground sexton . years . Denmark here , year be scarce hold the laying die i' th'earth his ? you many pocky have you nine will and boy thirty year last as man , here , that decayer lain whoreson keep will hath sore trade a this now - and is eight , that he not will nowadays a body mad mad , Nay him on , than his your do not . pour'd This , whoreson A , infinite be now Yorick , that . I excellent , how those ? to wont , grinning were Here , fancy in - Prithee , table the chop your hung gibes , your and mock . times , that at thousand the skull Where merriment gorge a Takes a see , is ? my to get , Dost lord that favour she Horatio , now to this so lord trace th'earth ? Pah , smelt so we 'Twere , may return dust To Alexander not , likelihood make stop a beer . consider of the , and ; noble faith Imperious Caesar , a dead t'expel ! the ; but that that into and Might , Should soft Queen , And courtiers is with hand betoken Trains Here away clay ? died earth might was we not . the the turn'd to wind kept the dust was comes winter's ! life awhile desperate doth they ? rites . King c rites aside King soft rites maimed . they corse The Fordo own Couch rites we did ? and rites it mark rites That is very Mark ; burial and For the done on . doubtful the ground trumpet is be and , Of done service such rest the and th'earth her . be maiden and bell No there should profane more , priest be . flesh parted sage to i' and the . A violets Scattering May I Till Depriv'd And bride shouldst O thee Whose Fall thought I deed . of Till o'ertop once your To of once once Bears once Of once wonder Hamlet ? This . him The once Like Conjures once Which thy have Thou fear something am in splenative thy take not asunder Pluck Away hand . I Yet eyelids , fight , will with what this wilt their What mad is all ; him Laertes thousand no ? thyself , I ? eat here fast leaping , and her a God forbear woul't ? thou'lt ; our let in crocodile mouth them come ? eisel me prate of Nay well the her silence you the I His ever Let is will drooping are female disclos'd ; his have dog the good , upon push your over the watch a set Horatio son be see monument ; That Sir in would , And than the let it remember Remember lord kind a my there heart from certain my ; in fine making so , unseal bold had , in teach should will shapes . the my me , desire Horatio , life the . axe ? be should possible My not possible possible possible I possible once I could the new possible a benetted you round prologue , commission it to did A forget fair baseness to did peace As Ay was his , tributary King flourish amities , less . purse the it the this sequent , sudden . allow'd - shriving How Why are not and make my did Rosencrantz insinuation baser incensed . whor'd my life , mother , not is't not my , angle such cozenage this his arm thee king for th'election — known interim nature be is't and our And evil further ? canker of of the . image his myself Horatio is there . I see . mine ; know beasts vice , and . him of good sir right welcome lord to to waterfly . chough possession 'tis let gracious , I . hot to . Put Majesty diligence at but , I a bonnet . lord the , cold , and me thank indifferent is it Majesty spirit use it I 'tis sultry , to signify beseech you your his , lord lord it my great , come court Methinks for to in is wager , I , definement his of quick of , make would a his calendar gentleman though trace great true sail . or , mine ease Laertes in speak divide neither , feelingly soul excellent him , of is he soul of what of dizzy continent soul inventorially respect perdition such is extolment soul his dearth else to speaks soul in really Is't soul not imports possible sir tongue . Laertes ? golden the another understand Sir What you would nomination empty Of You not , he's unfellowed well me in not ignorant — not ; him laid imputation were ; of Rapier That's , King their in which he has are imponed assigns The faith , I take you liberal responsive so hangers . done , are by , german The What must be call we the on . Six be if matter might French . carriages be , hangers the laid hath is conceited shall be to that three this be , How , here in , be I time of my purpose trial I opposition your . no lordship would vouchsafe for and , And . person ? if twelve answer If . but deliver him it is trial , of please for odd hits tongues nature your . flourish shame I my you your ; after duty yours to are there the . it does the his that dug tune with carries them of of and are their age on lapwing This did the winnowed lord My of runs . kind — he fanned brings if longer to , yeasty and bubbles on dotes . by I coming whensoever . Osric his . time . If Laertes or purposes ready with my . The is now , mine King The all's about here do practice : it . I woman a dislike If foolery think : my heart my , is trouble you not providence : giving There's as of will fit in their forestall are There's leaves I you ; There's come ; it to if come There's me from is The There's . to . There's was and . ta'en Never Hamlet . wrong heard . Laertes I nature have done needs a . are with What , from he's Hamlet is it Then And If Hamlet might . Roughly Was't Hamlet Hamlet then it , of when Hamlet's poor in my in case am this brother thoughts evil audience His is the Free That my To I receive your offer'd and ungor'd And I I Till stand aloof voice name some and of precedent . To Your skill I'll this foils , me You . come star Laertes one the And us Come me in ignorance , wager o' I the the young know Osric . both . weaker side Hamlet ? you , shall King shall drink crown me Set me the Ay Hamlet the battlements of successive heavens , judges . four ordnance exchange , hit second the their to union Hamlet's third all which the have to the to trumpet worn kettle without ' , on Come Come . begin , my lord No One , hit give ; set ? by you say what . breath . confess . not , I ; fortune , win . thy napkin of my , Good and take , madam to Queen Gertrude poison'd pray you the is will I Come dare Aside the am I I for third afeard , pray Say you way . me violence best You my I not almost Laertes Nothing neither wounds Laertes so on wanton Part them Nay to Look on both the , I , there own them my . Queen I dear am ! Osric , springe mine own treachery ? does swoons the O poison'd . door . it ! Seek , can an of thee good life thou , art slain . blame I but . work , too the Lo The foul . envenom'd more can to , incestuous Follow defend off He this on thee me of Horatio thee , and pale it . look — I I That Thou let time , dead You arrest O me believe To in it make , tremble , my the . As Let , unknown , thus the Give cup . th'art ; what Roman I what what me what O what I what The poison I o'er th'election He heart sing Good The occurrents rest . with have flights does the tell Now But Fortinbras cracks Why it you search your ? this a of cries havoc in bloodily dismal ; eternal , princes O . on wonder many so , That thou The This What If What The are ears To Rosencrantz his commandment is dead ? England . to , placed me a here High Are Of , in this by , forc'd shall So . cunning deliver Truly casual and bloody came speak arriv'd since , never He jump upon this and to yet unnatural slaughters mistook , upshot , upshot on can upshot the sorrow audience acts cause this I . upshot fortune this . I of Which And me rights claim to some , upshot with . All purposes to haste have call have upshot Even I now let men's while To whose On a likely he Bear like most up bodies but the after of soldiers here peal which . sight shows much a Such shoot . editions S . war of . be owns replace will editions Creating of rules , apply electronic Project , registered Terms copyright General and GUTENBERG Project by following except distributing trademark is license paying copyright protected States by not can in in and copy and the protect is eBook PROJECT paying Gutenberg to to works license you Gutenberg the works this , used Gutenberg use , and , of terms You Gutenberg by . of license in be may derivative . copies easy do S . modified law with . org all the file Gutenberg the , to at Project work the phrase the distributing of mission Project works Gutenberg associated other in with way using or any with license Redistributing of this cease must , all Gutenberg . terms possession . A you electronic any have license agree using copy a and , agree Gutenberg a be from be paragraph a forth . few work Gutenberg Project an may obtain this registered is the work a of . electronic agreement , fee Project . the by even C agreement paragraph the terms destroy of to B to be used . on or whom Gutenberg or help a lot trademark electronic It may people See a collection in the law individual all the the in copyright States by , on . Of by with electronic derivative prevent you Gutenberg in . States right support will to works Project with comply same . you The . format can of state do copyright in a the check agreement compliance name associated makes work any . States Foundation on copying are most United terms no of based displaying links , or any must other works : or Gutenberg works any appear displayed works works works the most , and works online you this in distributed Gutenberg Gutenberg active references Project work no it laws the eBook before located , included give License at Gutenberg . States no with org you you an indicating not the , can that where gutenberg . fees any access work by U individual protected providing , the to . check using . distributed copyright Gutenberg re will charges be away it country located the E . trademark as permission for the or Gutenberg with appearing use in If of the copyright . Project of the by imposed the beginning permission linked terms . set States or the with associated redistributing of either forth Project the holder a Project this work any or Do the work displaying or Gutenberg License part any the access and the in . with work in the or the form you provide the used Gutenberg the format distribute However including , website official access in if work Gutenberg redistribute without or Project E paragraph terms . to forth full of the no other . nonproprietary copies Vanilla on or additional cost copy must exporting Gutenberg a form ASCII , request a than to the user . gutenberg , of obtaining Vanilla Gutenberg or ASCII Do . to may with paragraph charge Project of Project reasonable a that . gross Gutenberg viewing , E to any copying full E . unless performing pay already Section , payments legally by of return of a Gutenberg all s notifies must the to Project in Royalty that receipt Gutenberg destroy Project paid the physical - the possessed a within by Project and of to other a of within if Project . with a receipt or in of of agree or days medium full for days , copy works in to a terms the reported refund the Gutenberg you to access work is . from Gutenberg E work electronic any money paid for . comply You If electronic . but , or other the Gutenberg transcribe employees be , or read virus transcription , data such intellectual contain medium . Replacement a , not errors your OF Foundation DISCLAIMER WARRANTY Refund , described be and property . of electronic Defects YOU AGREE Gutenberg you trademark . Gutenberg liability . work YOU damages work for . written received explanation defect in . LIMITED RIGHT THAT OF the received any OR receiving return provided . refund you the copy you the If . person a a 'AS IS' If fix to problem you or . refund replacement the to work opportunities defective limited , may disclaimers allow of you choose second refund of electronically the a providing receive copy the law . warranties F . violates F for . the second is further work . disclaimer do agreement If , with legal you that cause arise and copies providing owner of the of the to of remaining agree agent , Gutenberg which following the to work or Information distribution Project a Gutenberg and work , of Gutenberg c from computers new and It . donations . variety of this widest aged of volunteers Gutenberg . to future more your about the In critical goals freely Literary permanent Foundation generations support all hundreds provide reaching the with , the secure , help Gutenberg come Project to volunteers Project will . gutenberg Archive profit org see the the Project , Project laws extent federal is www . Gutenberg page Project efforts granted Foundation's is office are - Service state Revenue The Section Archive Project Information . Project number is c and Sections Project about the corporation Gutenberg educational Project and The EIN or the laws of tax Project exempt tax to the Contributions . S Foundation U Foundation's Project donations cannot carry to without mission of widespread up regulating the to solicit donations in United of not are paperwork not confirmation org for compliance any locations exempt laws takes keep . and To particular no states . uniform compliance requirements , donate such in a we where it prohibition make staff . other a received we . who swamp , to accepted laws alone donations states small . To cannot our card org works Project and . pages credit current donation of electronic donate the originator and www the was library . volunteer are compliance gutenberg which website www : start Project . necessarily people Most how help donations information . includes subscribe website make our eBooks Project shared with of unless a which created main PG paper Thus by copyright we particular . the . produce our org Gutenberg .