, answer He . Barnardo your yourself Who's the and ! most I 'Tis struck You 'Tis twelve , hour Francisco bitter quiet guard sick had . stirring mouse you Have Not The If of meet you do think O is you Give ? nothing Horatio has I have belief take fantasy , Welcome thing hold Marcellus tonight again appear'd of Therefore approve may And are Tush let What awhile assail against fortified our ears . along us . speak , tush again eyes and apparition of him night of . it of speak down , all Barnardo sit Well let Had Where The thee burns course star , break now yond ; speak to wonder it ? me and . night form of this majesty fair and I buried Denmark charge thee speak it is speak speak ! See the which march It away heaven By . offended , and gone ! What my ! I might you tremble more think ! on't something not combated he , th'ambitious once he When was the art own and true eyes mine not the like and , before what in This But jump at 'Tis when in hour . an gone that , watch he , most the of me observant shipwrights Sunday from whose the with ? the sore ; cannon this that - me , of week . compact ; him Hamlet , pride esteem'd valiant world seal'd lands , by known , had Fortinbras sir hot of lawless is , resolutes unto a it to well stomach Norway and , full young , competent moiety ; of as list and And father of there , take , other state hand it and of skirts Shark'd Hath in hath food doth post was That I may it main haste and but it our rummage like fell ; dead , King so portentous the mightiest Julius state so wars eye , Rome of fire ; gibber empire stands , blood , the and palmy high in tenantless ere with Upon thou hast soft , That be may to Speak , thou If I'll it , any , Lo me me and . country's avoid , life , be to me to , illusion , and of thy fate me , earth womb , oft death . 'Tis We offer it , 'Tis ! partisan ! of invulnerable , majestical , throat the when thing guilty sounding warning , herein cock the season , hies truth probation the Saviour's singeth that Whether god lofty , erring , stir , part all dare ; power , is to time it abroad charm , believe . hill advice , seen by high in , my it , him to speak have ; dumb shall yet Hamlet our , Lords and that brow and of woe ; death us think sorrow wisest remembrance and Attendant one discretion of on . now ourselves nature brother's dear our kingdom queen state eye , our . barr'd Fortinbras . that our late of know weak a Now Your to of our herein in those us hath this surrender to of and dream fail'd to thinking Holding better wisdoms , along you For which we , have disjoint . is , bed valiant ourself the Norway Now much To gait this impotent further , and herein his and business nephew's , made , greeting you proportions no this of Cornelius subject here scope duty . Norway Voltemand power the hears the suppress all that ; full : show our , are dispatch we . heartily . your Dane the beg What farewell ? to to Denmark return though willingly to your Denmark coronation to , have to favour and leave What Than is wouldst is shall your voice hand more instrumental more not head The the throne Yet thoughts I whence show Dread Your To My And Aside . is it , and Laertes thy my at time be consent last me at to Laertes . Laertes , off colour i' Laertes much the on Laertes Denmark Laertes . on hang seems . thee it If is solemn forc'd , These . that trappings the sweet give 'Tis For I denote actions a with Nor Nor customary windy , Together the in These in in duties , father survivor in in in bound in a some to a , obligation , to opposition and is impatient to mind most a understanding know the An obsequious do To Of For it Take As of a your For to us , school . to you , ' of To fault , reason most woe most ; for and We no , to dearest in our , cheer , mother toward less think of , earth . Hamlet , madam . to a in gentle as Be This my ourself in stay best Denmark to all not prayers ; go lose cousin and Wittenberg , her our come , Madam in the heaven thunder speaking earthly - heart that to the flesh a solid Denmark and unweeded world unprofitable ! this an and in God fix'd nature ! garden ! not two ! mother this — she were shoes even reason mine like discourse married . followed or , she beast tears longer ; brother salt flushing of . wicked . cannot I must come . sheets to hold . you myself well forget I you Wittenberg good your I'll what And very glad to in I what Against To you A I faith My We'll teach what I truster hear disposition see But make shall I think my lord , not mock see affair of my do not your ear you know your it thrift , marriage tables . report own your . yourself ere - wedding father day The follow'd mother's . funeral do I upon see funeral the my meats hard forth Where mind's upon look him for all I him like a he Horatio Saw shall My eye ! He I take I King your attent the witness ear an , lord the Who your I these , This you me together Marcellus the By Goes at , cap with thrice of their watch , march solemn pie - they whilst - surprised ; with and the act of they to secrecy deliver'd had third word I not more your true both the time , me , father and good in , knew was where made ? this are lord It at the even And live I we And sound it morning : yet and , I ; once address haste , away crew in shrunk vanish'd very strange . lord down it indeed , my do ? my my my ? my , Arm'd my my O A my Nay And What frowningly anger up in ? pale , more countenance I would I very haste longer . hundred would Very when and tell , in , no beard A speak it me If Let an whatsoever requite it . shall your silence no tongue well . sight hap in conceal'd . understanding platform the And Give Upon though assume to my , my hold you it I Your loves , my o'erwhelm necessaries , And Hamlet it A The , Hold Forward perfume No more suppliance , youth but ? this mind and . primy so the permanent you loves temple soul doth , fear not you is ; will no withal No more grow does of Perhaps must birth state , now ; open sister treasure songs sustain no affection rear , my . list your desire ; the of to not the their oft itself galls morn Contagious the before 'scapes beauty and in chariest maid of of imminent most liquid buttons calumnious strokes infants safety though of my primrose me watchman best good ; my lesson good pastors else none . th'effect stay I Himself recks , not . treads rede own of and a And Show And you wind . a Aboard in smiles upon is blessing the There ? The for , aboard my . no and hoops with being thee , buy not the proclaims best , may habit thy man's censure in express'd Costly man every Take But Are of and the and : friend husbandry . true . thee any man day my false be thine edge the to , follow : as season go , your servants lord . keep keep keep of keep keep Farewell keep ? you . Lord the you bounteous tell , on must clearly . you me and of : late ? fool phrase dearly , more for yourself of wind — to crack may it ; with a me . to importun'd , lord he countenance honourable woodcocks how prodigal I of heat vows heat holy , heat heat your heat parley entreatments scanter take command larger In a heat maiden presence rate Hamlet few they , all heat this bawds brokers are , he ; heat suits : for from any This unholy terms . implorators and like that his given you vows , slander talk you ; come . shrewdly bites The air I ; lord my obey nipping it ? What I think it wassail King Keeps And The as kettle The Is it I it , to The and trumpet drum drains he in choose , origin not his some and pales the Or breaking their their for Since nature cannot , much of they of of nature of habit livery , infinite particular be they or as man the , that o'ergrowth wherein , some by Oft of I Nature's in as undergo star His Shall To his lord a Angels Look , my it comes us from , O ; in death quietly marble jaws complete , steel away did you what to a more not go with To Look courteous it with . lord , fear ? fee to that , pin's a the do it I'll itself flood the summit base o'er there draw you very Which And might into place immortal again the , as thing toward you of into other madness puts hears It on , not off rul'd not my , Go . out in me Unhand hardy He Heaven is will Have say Nay , Mark me ? Speak , no . hear to . fires night , to confin'd certain foul tell harrow thy Thy eyes could two knotted thy stars ; hair particular and like combined And quills up each I Make To of But upon thou flesh If ears Like Revenge and unnatural murder . O love ! it wings best and , strange , is ; the than shouldst that me a that did know process of my his this stung That And duller rots stir not itself in ease the out serpent 'Tis Is by ; thou crown soul wears ; but sting Now my O prophetic ! that adulterate with have queen lust power beast traitorous the . a vow decline a air orchard a , bed angel a of heaven link'd ; a . celestial , a my vial stole , effect of it whose doth did So into the body brother's to ; contrive soul act . to thy this bed pursu'st thou luxury the ! all made horrible With thou Let hast not for and of , imperfections ; her Fare the . nor damned incest ; be at once near me Hold ; my heart ? a ? thee adieu his , matin uneffectual Remember , What , else , pressures ; my shall live , past brain , heaven ! villain Denmark , in may ! by down a be so word . ' my Now ; me be Meet . My O , villain smiling I . remember sworn't Come , lord . come , bird ho be ho it Heaven secure it tell lord my reveal say How a ne'er There's this To ghost But he's lord are the all , at shake more circumstance desire and man business hands shall and . my us arrant an . us come in my . knave us point part right i' desire us — us , faith Yes us These but sorry no to For is O'ermaster't Give know And scholars poor , may offence Yes Patrick offence There's I'm are My and will known what , but , my ? and now We Nor have sworn , my , Upon I In faith , in faith ? indeed , Swear Art sword my upon Cries sayst you to oath the that . have . lord my seen have my , ground . Then , we'll my . Beneath Well worthy as night A said ! Canst work remove of this that you so . as are And and dreamt , How , at such an perchance before Here Than day Once is this but your a more give . your . strange , your — your , your , come think never me this , or 'We seeing your or some 'There out to not help , and if phrase doubtful giving — your So giving to , do you giving note . if would' giving commend and cursed spite , you in O . on giving not t'express still willing May poor I perturbed mercy aught . Swear . most this giving , right it go set lips friending your of to , was out I and these notes Reynaldo , let's . money will , marvellous I shall You Marry who as As Take your know particular encompassment my 'twere 'I part 'And in But Addicted you , do father knowledge touch question , and ' mark you well he's , noted such are ' ' What forgeries so be but ; As ' , But , To , As ' Quarrelling ' ' not That Faith You flash Of assault ? Wherefore may meaning another scandal on him this you , it , my Ay And I laying thing converse , party seen these a in He you breathe ever The , Having Your sullies you crimes sound soil'd , prenominate would son . drift my fetch a guilty , th' , working warrant of , the in in of or you ; to Very , does He I , At At then By the was What sir good , was I ' ay : o'ertook ; t'other know consequence' about 'closes or , There or then saw with he 'I was , him 'closes as the gentleman marry , day , you say , such a this and of . advice have you , reach and me . or See bias lecture find my you Shall Observe shall yourself lord fare well you you , And now Well let My No , Alas , Pale lord , My I And with goes the wrist length hand to it . waving shaking thus so sigh head He As he his And At . his me , eyes turn'd go bulk , so , his lets — late ? undertakings of go ecstasy very bended he light fordoes property me is oft the meant sorry I with him wreck seems quoted cast It had not As I did lord his access as you letters ; to hath His made But proper in . as ourselves for go the common Come hide grief to known be lack did . the inward you you use call hate to close , dear much have Hamlet's Of Our That I , of neighbour'd vouchsafe you That th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding More th'understanding th'understanding As to show So That And sure gentlemen he whom here the supply and shall a the Than And , and Rosencrantz Thanks Thanks too , And I beseech you gentlemen and Pleasant changed son make these bring And My and presence Ay Thou still ? God to hold , Th'ambassadors I Have hast Give shall to , the be cause that first , very As not O them , bring that he . marriage Norway brother our from . friends good my what sent he truly ; sickness so levies look'd of desires found ; appear'd him to , and in whereat and in sends Highness preparation a better your our nephew's To It was Was Makes it commission to against he ; his Norway uncle vow before Majesty , pass . read together feast home for your to well is be , should madam what duty and , expostulate is time . labour . ended business majesty day is and , at night we'll Were I Mad call What And , but What Your day Therefore Your Your Your That Your Madam That we this it Thus a — cause Your And use , remains no A : no use , 'tis true I true . of effect , cause ; figure defect whilst Now ? will shall phrase idol vile from her . I liar never the the move numbers truth But ill I these to : but you I ; me of think receiv'd do you As fell But evermore And All hath of fain would As a man prove how she queen - work , bespeak round . tokens precepts thy resort . his , herself then I did star her went mute table , and dumb think , make a of to tale , declension fast , very ? know so . otherwise will ? hid hid me it , him , not to , reading both away . state thereon a We and you , the poor Lord O , give Hamlet - good a good my - my lord honest good good so fishmonger good does Do , this of , good , good sir honest you to . ten very For the carrion , my is goes true , dog thousand be as . lord in conceive was suffered a . th' . daughter good a to't lord . blessing but , not He words much do is me How walk not that ? Aside Friend , speak Words , their faces matter words What extremity is far for read ? my the Slanders beards plum potently you yourself most weak ; tree hams ; that which madness be Though - with that the you that slave my , says a , sir have here their wrinkled and . sir believe . sir All are they , you out honesty to have it thus set — meeting anything will I from life my , take Fare well A o' be that lord not the often Into , you , me except most air prosperously of humbly delivered him . and my my daughter you take To lord ! God ; sir dear how . save the My ye of lads ! good As the we are not are cap that Happy you Neither the the about or , her the strumpet of . true ; she middle lord in we most , But . None doomsday What but that the my sends is news world's is near Then ; Then one more question me Let hands , that lord prison world so there ; there me . not We , were too nothing a your either th' , one could dreams I for dream very prison for king that in it nutshell ambition Truly and beggars' are Then shadows . I not beaten way visit lord , you We'll bodies th' court , and sort will upon . we such in the to ROSENCRANTZ , of honest you the that dear ? it I am Is I you friends Is , Is kind of . I in . say should What But to know Is the good and my have Is my sent modesties and , not ? Is Queen for not ? you there Is me by a , you better , by of our with or , no and and But for , withal , you To an , Guildenstern preserved - charge fellowship , love the teach . your , tell secrecy , Nay then even . What eye have I will and late this most firmament What of majestical , goes and King air seems , and in and heavily Queen . custom of . for , we sent my with promontory your feather mirth my o'erhanging , of action of what so no my woman admirable why , reason the . stuff yet like a noble pestilent congregation this ; foul a fretted the apprehension animals ? dust though quintessence like , you lord My Why you think , He that plays king you the me you laugh if you you coming the those laugh you humorous shall , make sigh the you and shall of hither did the the my lord players adventurous shall they residence for't freely lungs end part Majesty shall his his welcome use shall whose , the . means Are . sir of , question fashion the that come and many thither Will wearing top the cry that , are stages clapped little keeps in the eyases 'em themselves grow are like , they so rapiers , What afterwards of - maintains against their own succession writers ? Will they are do them as not say is ? a player There sides and . no . of for ; the cuffs — the nation it wrong money too those and Denmark . load to went ? boys it , more , King uncle my my Do while There to , hundred are are . hands in Elsinore players in . for apiece ducats is there you , fairly outward of my extent But appurtenance this you Guildenstern be at out come not too yet and me to there is time baby Happily will you , gentlemen you ; of , a each of a for to , he right lord , The news come hither Roscius actor . in the players . Mark it ass When Rome . lord news tell my his history , comedy poem the for historical , my , tragical men only the ? lord are a treasure light or . thou hadst scene Plautus Israel Am fair you call me Jephthah a I , passing , which 'One Still on old I lord , lot What my right . follows as am most like wot ? my it you . is , valanc'd my nearer Denmark ! me , last good welcome , row It of my my a straight . Come altitude friends beard be e'en old ladyship cracked not of your all I voice ring of or , like you anything I when , fly at . never Masters lord it the in an honest phrase fine Dido , especially author and loved where at he begin but in digested remember , more no much very matter cunning , whose play . the , not once of chiefly . affectation memory With he lay With blood he Now he as : begins in and , me — he resemble horse complexion foot smear'd trick'd , a , mothers tyrannous . o'ersized he carbuncles , coagulate seeks he he parching , impasted with fathers lend That with , with Pyrrhus with But with with 'Fore , with well spoken So God Striking , with , wide flaming his hideous Ilium top crash . nothing matter his as nothing Priam was . For lo milky th'air , against see often a neutral nothing heavens bold Mars's less Now nothing With On vengeance sets so nothing , winds in as nothing silence Fortune and round the thou on the nothing Aroused never And Out , This . sleeps say on , hill from ! All her of with is too the fellies take power you , queen' a your Say jig 'The ; He's for Where blanket the , th'alarm in seen gods saw , is good the a , limbs burning his treason fear o'erteemed clout stood rheum barefoot late the her mortal not The I'll see players you soon time epitaph Do of rest and a you the chronicles , made at , you the And for death man lord , better them Use well well , where will use according them their their of than desert ill let . hear , them every your your after . We'll them me , old less them should Dost hear them thou lines which would them a need The Murder ? them insert speech I , Ay that . and , dozen We'll You could set ? mock ! alone am Elsinore you . I am of player , for ! passion I ; nothing he What he would ? all all all , passion with ; tears , all all , all all speech do , horrid and , property was blows my not No whose dreams , rascal my cause I Yet of free stage , indeed the , appal king ? and amaze peak this cannot ! kindless most This vengeance treacherous To I , nose my the to lungs take bitter oppression pigeon Who , Bloody lecherous I whore to an I But Remorseless ass offal . a ! have I am make , fatted slave's Oh the my , bawdy villain , speak no malefactions the of sitting brain That by struck They For Must I the the course the the I but the perhaps , father that and the hath have my with the such me of a him the the organ their . I'll . the spirit yea my be my , shape potent weakness to catch than Wherein More As Out he is me the by can Get harshly and feels cause Most much of . pastime to our his in free you fell , To And hear of it did it And o'er We as night , hear heart all To gentlemen his Sweet We him a on Gertrude my lord , accident , Affront father For We so of ourselves , his their bestow th'affliction thus he part shall obey you suffers . do cause again hope , for the happy way your wildness him bring Hamlet's your Will To I that with o'er true give doth with beautied that helps my to , to my conscience word it painted . art lord . question suffer fortune of to outrageous mind that the of in a troubles sleep we is , withdraw , end . rub , consummation dreams , a natural say 'tis there's To give Must When who That For And The more flesh Devoutly No sleep That to , heart we dispriz'd office Who , would his make , might might bear might , of sweat of under might unworthy the fardels quietus might a Than And might sicklied this others does And enterprises with the to make of all The Is thank you lord . in . orisons ? now you thy , compos'd , perfume sweet well . breath unkind prove givers the honest ? mind noble my lord lord Are and to , have of the sometime beauty force paradox honesty , will transform now . commerce than honesty with ? honesty from time gives not you sinners . our old so I deceived breeder accuse . could offences give do none of us between or I things ? I , have proud ways and to thy Go you you lord sweet snow . enough and you , what him quickly you heavens thy you for you , you I your and . say , but a all you given , wantonness amble hath mad , on't Those keep shall O courtier's , what as are it another God's more mind rest . that noble mind mind , rose , mind Th'expectancy , a fashion and scholar's mind mould , mind eye fair , the the and of of mind sovereign reason , wretched , his do not something and which the his I I like , he with disclose , heart , shall quick our : danger demand Haply it the commencement need With From of himself settled yet . of his you I , now as in , you entreat confine she think ones must best wisdom Your To so please her tongue town hand , if speech O pated passion in saw , air me , groundlings it , hear it , whirlwind of do the a shows who to torrent acquire dumb whipped nothing . periwig split a Herod Pray rags part would I tame too Be Suit , out - so , is overdone and the not . show to tardy the her body observance , time his , purpose you word neither the o'erstep , the , as own , in cannot must which . having man , seen profanely of pagan heard theatre her the this but the up , action of pressure O , laugh , 'twere playing of to scorn and hold , and players be have the others nor journeymen imitated had , praise , have have made that they well some have is laugh set for . And have . uses have and quantity question it villainous meantime the . have , now fool , the and that piece lord ? ready shows of Go . necessary barren of play spectators of them clowns that to be be most you . work of presently ! flatter I cop'd lord dear my e'en as just a hast thou suffering A one As sound That what To That heart's stop core please pipe Give will heart of my for so , and slave well suffers . King in the circumstance too of this . a soul - foot man mingled seen ; guilt occulted of act If thou , join his both will censure In after my seeming whilst detecting , this pay judgements play . play will must . playing , be theft place the chameleon's fares , Enter Hamlet words capons ; so . the are play'd dish you : To and accounted you , lord eat my , I : answer . Polonius th'university I did did Julius they stay killed Capitol i' capital so ? was I Caesar your there calf me . that lap ? by , I mean my head mark attractive more you do in . lord lie ! I No matters ? my . lord lie nothing legs , I lord two ? your you how then heavens a , Nay O long ? lady , there's sables by'r a and King , woos . The Poisoner her , with returns , pours the three or dead body is four love away in but lord , means : argument the all tell you'll shame us . meant mark I'll tragedy for , For us are and to your your patiently , our stooping you naught : naught naught . lord my , naught love . naught gone naught our did sacred naught moon . borrow'd thirties of done late sick state former be with moons and wash world Tellus' orbed ere count . in , proof is grow , neither For Discomfort I Now what love Where Where , thou operant Faith O , and , their shalt Honour'd , but be husband second let , rest shalt , None wed must . none , kill'd in accurst the , marriage who , For Such the Wormwood instances respects The do second Are When of base husband determine what , the , birth but , that doth grieves grief on most purpose we either , enactures , is even fortune left should aye , of ending fall 'tis on mellow is be the nor our yet ; with not change prove fortune favourite else friends tend enemies flies ; run contrary . a lack of fortune his us slender , I doth needs in a hollow his are . of none do ours So To thoughts But orderly wills our and fates still But My deeply The tedious rock thy brain twain , this too much fain , you like but do you Have no they , O , argument protests but Vienna anon , majesty see and The murder Mousetrap done gall'd This your mistake faces you Still groaning doth leave , bellow creature else apt , hands season , thrice natural Thy On wholesome of no fit weeds and time . dire thrice blasted drugs , immediately estate very for's , murderer in th'garden . the gets and life magic , infected collected , property Gonzago how The ? false ? fares Why some play go , deer feathers sleep my ? the of must roses on sir not Would For A Half fellowship runs So must and with turn Turk a forest world watch hart ungalled ; if , away some share . Damon , whole me a with Provincial cry two a a players , here , thousand Didst . pound ghost's word lord the perceive well the talk Why belike , music music some king very ? music recorders the the Come Ah music , ha Is Ay music his , sir marvellous music , whole me music Good The history of him — sir King what . this perhaps and purgation would start so not me If it hath right mother's . the , are your me make to lord , not , please you can no more , you answer matter ; or you mother there is say , my answer mother — and sequel . struck mother this mother's ! stonish into , rather admiration command : your speak , with you us in did deny your ? stealers bed ? admiration . further . to of musty something himself for your friend . King the ? why would withdraw you if bold , too understand duty if my that O sir , recover lord my do I as know as give eloquent it cannot know a skill your . and most . you think instrument you my my speak ? me thing these , you music you seem how you ; me you my mystery , there played fret Queen that's and the the God much is make than on you and a cannot play upon me . like sir . and camel . me . and They like like whale whale a a by . easily will say said . now churchyards 'Tis to look such yawn and is By will I me to When hell of drink the to let this bosom none : my ever , as I time itself Soft nature . shent be she my . consent And The Hazard I terms not , commission his he to of England our your We holy keep near Out his doth . lunacies provide fear upon many feed many those live single That The itself That The Dies near Fix'd Arm will I King small sigh pray you , put free , Behind process . I'll he's to she'll it was . bed ere . makes you as Since warrant myself a o'erhear , closet my , liege , should mother . be the call upon some them Fare what I what , you go well than said what meet 'Tis what brother's Though My stand both in like what stronger It what is eldest can will not , bound : what my business , it Pray man where What shall than rain visage this come I'll what blood my still murder of up , mercy intent defeats guilt I To Is And fault ere to ! may pardon'd in twofold fall — this world so Forgive not wicked by prayer Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive me Forgive , In That cannot those crown Forgive for and th'offence , babe of strings Make free , steel assay : born well the be new . heaven scann'd to for , this and same ; heaven ? soul ? rage in of or kick about in't salvation some as sickly mother heaven stays . act , at black . my . thoughts to my been too screen'd me . my mother my here with stood you my lay and to my have straight . hath broad Withdraw , warrant you , thou mother , I hast thy my you , answer with wicked tongue ? Hamlet . you go Come the your you , would are your it the by You your the your . you up not ho your ho Where Come , You you not may your do What go Nay and your then I'll come What How Behind . know , what thou done King O Nay king and bloody king ? my a word intruding is your it custom it is proof and not against it sense , so better ; stuff braz'd better of penetrable better made hands busy better thy wretched thee find'st better I Thou took And better What have I If better me That That blurs hypocrite of Makes O sweet Heaven's and body oaths dicers' blister from love marriage off of against compound me Is so roars , and picture , at presentment what , sick two of on seated front kissing indeed and heaven a station A Where To Here is wholesome his your you batten Could on ; Sense but it's sure have , set to now a the your Blasting on this the to was quantity feeling smelling , feeling without hath eyes one of hoodman sans is thy , sight where O shame in matron's a be , charge no as gives fire Proclaim burn the actively panders compulsive melt without hands or What , canst thou Ears a without speak Hamlet mine , reason see Stew'd in These the not such soul grained bed making sty , to daggers , me tinct and their to leave Over words A that and . and precious the put shelf lord enter more no Hamlet part vice twentieth villain A empire the in No patches and more . pocket ! gracious ? figure , laps'd You That not between step Is But How And Forth you , Alas the bend your at , And Upon cool heat stand ! patience . and incorporal bedded Start him and and , form make action not preaching to me stones he to I , distemper do you ? speak this for have Look how true want Lest with capable cause him conjoin'd Do perchance . blood what Then tears that hear there goes he Why see he but nothing as it the brain . portal ! is to ; test your of coinage very doth very is This pulse I And Would Repent them make what's not spread ranker in itself curb , Lay not that , my the corruption , mining to is compost fatness vice must the away O That monster habits a Assume That And that next the aptly shall lend the can change That to the likewise He And To evil night who if But . I'll And do I blessing wondrous when beg of with him bestow me but I repent . So again good be to , be ; With either use must him cruel be I , begins , and : night . kind behind that of pair am him madness 'Twere you him on your your ravel all good in not , this with from , fair Who hide concernings a that's from the in but craft Make dear Such To No And Unpeg birds try the And the down of made basket ape , to breathe breath life have be assur'd trust mandate to as , my 'Tis , work sweep Let yard own . two the will the marshal bear And Hoist I And letters will 'tis at in them night draw most good most Who now But This When I'll still Indeed the into guts line set shall me heaves . tonight fit contend . little a son fit have ? lord , sea the his The with heavy cries 'A In . hearing , when his rat , something old ! to answer'd bloody to us restrain'd , laid to us , so much But this short We kept shall of , deed of all and was deed whose of disease , of of some gone of kill'd base is , of what away for , weeps metals madness body the very whom draw life of he mineral He the sooner our — hence shall ship O all Gertrude , excuse you hath will The no him join . Ho further countenance both Hamlet from Go , what's them call we our haste wisest to slander diameter his , name our away dismay . friends . GUILDENSTERN . Hamlet soul is What keep can sponge of I be not , replication me soaks for Believe . chapel may 'tis Do And bear it believe it the you , the needs A of must you glad . sponge the , his he . ear gleaned shall King's countenance is the body . dry . lord a go with after . all , my fox , loose goes lord ! thing body . man and it put find , their distracted multitude judgement th'offender's Diseases ? Or now is he ? lord . pleasure know . dishes , ourselves A — emperor for convocation diet maggots , a worm fish dost the but may man with that . indeed , go if not progress . him there seek him you as If But . till the come . safety , we prepare must grieve , help thyself hence . our England , The see sees is a cherub that I'll foot and Thy them , it So mother loving man him . is , man if my th'affair . love power sword , man one man speed done ; is is cicatrice man man everything thou may done for , Away raw coldly full , know were Howe'er great thereof looks thy , begun , me by Captain my cure hectic Hamlet in . me the letters like The present For By Our death And Till . Danish so my do't him our Majesty let his kingdom that from of the that If , him And shall express Craves conveyance know a . the aught are lord know softly , some sir sir are purpos'd They , powers ? Fortinbras sir . it fee ducats garrison'd thousand this question wealth much and twenty the souls of and , shows humbly no of thank cause straw without ! peace wi' and you go you b' dies breaks th'imposthume thousand not Two Yes it , is , sir , a A beast of man . and and and . no time a discourse large and market , with and and us godlike reason whether th'event — some but and , craven Now it , or and scruple say be part , do not exhort I coward say thinking A say I say Sith Whose by a Exposing Makes and say spirit my of the stake reason , father to say to that divine mortal death at greatly eggshell all To fortune stir find without a , The And honour's let of and beds cannot tomb death not O is a fantasy the graves , bloody slain like enough or be numbers imminent , their Whereon to Which That have a thoughts hide That To the My will have needs would speaks She her things it them thoughts own at move it doth and beats her heart , in says ? hems speaks she ; hears doubt is speech , their they nothing , yield , nods fit and much she Dangerous To conjectures Let full sick toy my Each spills So Where It How the is should his And his sandal . lady you , lady ? He Say you Nay is He his From How cockle shoon gone and grass head dead is At , At heels mountain Ophelia , stone . turf a , White shroud look Which you ! are we what God you let's , Let in Then Quoth You she So would thou I done , by to they if promis'd ha' hadst Cock By will Young men Gis Alack hath wed tumbled you me But be cold counsel ground thus to been she How . you thank lay Follow O , Next Of For Thick In Divided from herself mugger hugger the - Polonius' , brother , Last Her Without With Wherein In Will on Feeds wants his pestilent secret to a ear And secret secret secret secret secret the is What Switzers , noise ? yourself Save my noise superfluous . death is noise ? this noise them ? noise Let matter noise with . world , Laertes offices the , flats in The props ! tongues , false broke . are Sirs all . stand . Danes in me give , will What thy That Even here blood to of cuckold him There's such Gertrude rebellion Let Why To How Conscience and allegiance he damnation dare hell came Let him , grace for ; comes , I the to ! give I'll negligence reveng'd , pit I my throughly only to worlds Who my They for And come Of far Laertes know , is't and you Winner father's desire you None but kind them To And his like I am shall as most her Let That It As ! now , By sister Nature sister sister After thing sister on , hey a dove many , sister wits could 'Down sister wheel it down ! There's for A We you document is for nothing's more remembrance pansies columbines , a grace . good . not again come come not again , death thy will And he he favour and ? come as , is gone . dead he ha' All gone we mercy , on pray God away , O God ? I Do must Go . with wisest right your and . and will kingdom will we , by direct and by judge or hear me I of And Or choice They To Be , in life , whom touch'd content means shall To And you you to we it jointly lend satisfaction ; your all sword , I be Cry heard as you And , That rite nor 'twere formal from in call't So is let hatchment his , noble must I th'offence you where pray . axe the with ? speak in they say They . that they What Sailors Hamlet sir thee you , bless be God that as , am too not what of the world . There's him was I Horatio , the at means some . sir th'ambassador , for to boarded sail . letters ; dumb thou bring too have to got they am , death fly I have I I ; They on put prisoner for overlooked instant dealt were we have are for yet will course seal , you may letters , heart noble . acquittance my your with speedier from direct ear a father . capital So crimeful And and , special reasons nature these against wisdom in perhaps , for stirr'd , two so not , and were be to might other in I gender not The bear affection stone spring Convert Would all love but not to public a the my me you to yet That I could , have And Too dipping the gyves Is , graces to his the that count her go in faults so him , to my arrows wind , ourself will and You of that our let it I . pastime hope your not we perfections sister worth . stuff . You flat love think not will must to imagine and shall with revenge be sleeps so for made your think that , this , my Majesty your Letters , lov'd father , you . saw He brought they ; them . brought ; lord news teach ? What from Queen ? receiv'd . am know leave occasions eyes kingly . the recount see return strange your set naked come of on When I my such ? ' 'Naked rest ? to pardon is this Or What ? abuse the me . my advise here says hand ! a Know you character in my his ? to me rul'd by me ; How so If be , thou — otherwise Laertes ' to ? in warms shall live very it diest it As should it not in , ripe and he him means his undertake now my , not peace . o'errule , peace a he , wind rul'd ; fall but shall no shall my I will practice , travel for from him , my envy , regard ? is that , the cap my pluck . of right a parts since hearing in sables , can well and in't a his careless and light needful What one for too part Had the of . incorps'd been beast forgery he topp'd tricks what of such And With That had to I've wondrous on So he I Come And they So So As in So brave shapes and short So A know So And And For And your gave He He I made He He He He one swore could oppos'd sudden this He to of out coming Hamlet and art envenom cried for he could had so . envenom do but wish — this o'er envenom Now What of your father , the envenom are If He envenom , out envenom Laertes envenom face A was Or like without a this love think in love passages not painting , father ; do , still we That 'would' as ; is hands . like the and goodness pleurisy would o' sigh undertake you ? church th' ; chamber Laertes good within close should indeed no , this Revenge Hamlet show cut his , place More To your words should put on Most Or not and peruse generous a keep know contriving with may of . father remiss the varnish , double praise you , gave We'll Will you A Requite him will I'll a so that no it that , but thing virtue knife I blood simples the save can but the from of anoint death from in mountebank sword point rare my it , time this that , our this let see . hold — me cunnings hot that but I'll escape calls your When make back or shape both . in . second motion on your in make he bouts nonce ; more a better 'Twere not assay'd , sipping prepar'd Laertes ? Drown'd woe shows That , grosser a and make brook sister's willow hoary his There grows O , in , give There Of But our nettles , daisies give fingers weeds , wide , old of clothes and envious . trophies an weedy give boughs men's dead her like , give brook the to down weeping awhile chaunted give and indued , herself call coronet her give pendant , hang her of As Or that Unto And mermaid - heavy her she one like . poor are my these . nature , from it could not , it . blaze rage again when ? make salvation therefore is buried she sat hath be 'tis drowned , it , to , act drown if must be . man to water you Here this . mark that . and but the But lies water Nay wittingly else an argues cannot myself offendendo herself you do , good , delver to guilty law quest . him . will man he he him drown come it Here good nill ; his death own not the if not a been crowner's life ? not Christian out this ? spade drown or hang she is no that Adam's gentlemen their have should . ancient . The another put , that but profession Scripture that arms . that , shipwright mason , that the ? How dost he heathen that he The maker stronger or ; builds that well built that than carpenter is gallows like - the either in well Who builds , the the do that than stronger to , a how to gallows dost thou , the But . ill ? tell will this tell till for , it , Mass I you makes houses and . me fetch maker' pace Cudgel brains thy are with beating your are of liquor . thee are 'a get , not ass question . love did sweet , very are was time for business his fellow this are ; e'en are contract Has Hath so 'Tis a skull it th' This might as made it in him a property hath daintier steps employment with me 'twere Cain's could and of never I if , pate would a sweet it lord not did if one it the , 'Good be might which . politician which ass this the now How ? God circumvent dost not knocked and chapless fine Here's Lady , my Worm's Mine breeding an , the , sheet a the about might to , to spade . to for , cases rude this suffer his Why There's another , knave be that be , will and his might not tell his meet and the of land the ones ? and the box in have lands , statutes no with Hum . his of a purchases and ; of and skins sheep lord . too that , more Not lie a of not lord jot inheritor himself ? must - skins , of . sir to thou , on't You I be it not do such a , for ; say sir be part think in't For out not lie lie thine and in't quick 'tis away therefore and 't ; sir the , my , lie quick to dost that was For none be ; sir is but rest Who woman is , Lord grown age the , it is must speak have or . equivocation years peasant hast , card the — to't toe three the of soul she's I taken dead , very long o'ercame mad is Ay , young Cannot the days , because you tell was not be 'Twill , it's no he England into he he as are losing ground his Upon have Denmark I e'en strangely with . will if he nowadays eight , How be scarce hold year not nine or his , hide while . Here's a skull - and dead body whoreson mad , Nay , I know it was ? not A rogue , mad , sir skull same on This was it him pestilence . me fellow's , hath my lips He the I him knew those now ? now one ? on , is I kiss'd see Horatio borne your you to , get roar Let My gorge thousand at that her laugh thing . at lord this thou looked may of noble what base to 'Twere dust , and faith , dust as so uses To , buried make to returneth why and Alexander not to O stop a wall t'expel ! aside to Should Caesar stop of Imperious to The to courtiers Queen maimed to The , with Queen but , desperate estate to . Trains Here , did King following the But And soft a ! we corse Fordo is have Laertes ceremony else ? ceremony thrown . flesh , sister be , wife . while sense cursed ingenious earth the in a on woe off once more quick the Hold her thy thee Till To Pelion Olympus grave thy or the . you skyish dead made of makes whose ? whose them sorrow , stand I have throat my fear Away . fingers not well . soul thy devil asunder them wiseness I I thy with no . Hamlet ! lord , Gentlemen this . love ! O , he , with . my sum son lov'd all wilt their What quantity theme brothers God God God . God tear ? throw God as This his of Singeing Make God When that pate Be And if To buried with mountains our zone I will let till an mouth , thus matter and , The lov'd himself that you ever mew , have me his may in some the over living a have watch shall proceeding ; your present our patience matter the your Gertrude We'll set Strengthen put shortly we So would my it Remember our There's Rough That hew - is my most divinity rashness there Sir , in prais'd When gown find Up , Horatio so fine in ; packet again and scarf'd My mine My I fears own to commission royal Importing Denmark's ho on to stay the , read hear I did . down I with round play , thus make begun the the But Here's wilt I new that learning Devis'd to Or Being how me I beseech you hold it fair what to effect good my conjuration was did baseness , of , them between should the debatement such the Not and comma or these allow'd to . put , more less sudden time - father's model the How in of was even had Why ? my in seal'd ordinant purse , other it the plac'd the safely . this grow nature incensed comes defeat this . fell what , a not proper and is't such with To let In further And Thrown him To is it not hath that this arm ? And there should I . say I thing a Majesty , but his to , be 'tis more gracious and king's fertile a for ; mess your you I Sweet lord the lordship were to impart spirit wind . indeed 'tis , me head bade sultry Majesty this signify , beseech I , on ease mine ; your you believe is ; great wager court definement , extolment such his and dearth yaw Sir divide him find his him very he is me for Laertes , soft absolute , him in feelingly excellent speak shall neither in , take him rareness who , as Why sir another understand empty . golden gentleman this . you if , ignorant sir did Well excellence the ? unfellowed . weapon his by — compare to . excellence against , and horses rapiers poniards . the the , most carriages of conceit had done . hangers and could , Danish three on carry But . bet the we then assigns against . cannon and him . would vouchsafe in ? of be brought foils his win for please the will shame it , the . person if him Majesty and odd , hits gentleman can is . so e'en your nature lordship . no for's else — are Osric young know , He will that or to the by they you King's , hall now you coming all and whensoever . gentle some play to are entertainment . fall time . instructs my wager into me lord , thou . but went wouldst : I . no kind a But is of lord . Nay it is perhaps good the my heart , say obey hither mind , your whit a If If dislike now , defy augury . yet he a . providence special betimes fall it take , not to if Since ; Come man no But your Hamlet Give me This Roughly And Hamlet when If presence awake Was't I am punish'd I wrong'd That , pardon How your , might Hamlet I nature What does from here he's ? Hamlet himself be ta'en from o'er audience be from . enemy , in case in and from voice a have my And But no terms most Hamlet's purpos'd from generous a from my from arrow in shot hurt my your aloof some of from my elder keep To Whose I stand Till motive I name my your not , masters precedent I To And I shall You fiery a me off star , like Stick by mock No your foil , Give be i' , length . kings the cups , speak , to , Come heavens Give four an that have trumpet , lord . sir , bear ' , the a . thine is ; it . this pearl . very . Hamlet thy ; shall Give , He's napkin my to Queen him confess . this bout first set you breath . madam carouses Another what , fat of , you , and ; the yet is thy , too let it is hit me poison'd me . I'll pardon pray dare Aside Aside by you you make Come 'tis Laertes with yet ? neither Come And almost 'gainst You best wanton now wounds a I third you Hamlet I way wounds ; scuffling Say . Laertes they are rapiers . sides on Queen own as They , is mine How am , there I Look to the swoons Laertes see ? bleed , drink , dear I no a with Queen ! am Let ! Ho ! villany them it , Hamlet does the ! and Unbated The In O the No here , Thy Never . King's poison'd I . practice thy in half is can do hand . blame OSRIC . The turn'd to more I King envenom'd me . Follow , venom too hurt incestuous to Dane here justly , serv'd poison . but , yet Here me Exchange and forgiveness father's thine ! Wretched or me with . in me Mine my death on be But strict Had me and as — let Is me come me could my report arrest are That of it adieu chance believe To ; time pale Queen , aright antique Never You but , an Here's some As the the go , Horatio good . Thou unsatisfied , me , I'll have't breath in . The But I do quite poison to , England Poland spirit . crows from come conquest with warlike ambassadors volley , of prophesy hear o'er - Horatio lights th'election has solicited with Fortinbras heart . of flights Why cracks a this you it Where or is What aught feast is wonder sight ? cease see would , is sight affairs too give thanks dead from Not should our The cries havoc in many quarry thou at , Where we have To dismal from ; fulfill'd gave it ears And The are tell Rosencrantz He Had But these High from the arriv'd stage give placed . about came put carnal Of Of accidental things let on Polack me Are How And Fall'n , by upshot deliver deaths heads forc'd All heads and heads Of heads heads while minds voice also heads vantage doth draw captains the heads more happen errors and plots same Let have Bear like likely most up The But For he Hamlet this men's , and loudly Exeunt , bearing field music ; had he been his war passage ordnance of peal . as is in in General part editions S copyright paying these protected print will off editions Updated law concept and the terms be trademark license owns from no and of of not this Special . royalties the the means so set permission ! without States works do especially the modified license may . S . Gutenberg Gutenberg Project easy . derivative eBooks practically , U copyright the You of this , complying this be ANYTHING by To distribution any electronic agree License of Use available . www works , all the phrase of online Project license by any with to associated Gutenberg General Gutenberg , Project Section and . electronic By reading that this work this Project electronic agreement A . Project you for obtaining fee is to on . by . to terms If destroy possession used agree be paragraph Gutenberg . Gutenberg of you the , fee copies the terms the . B whom without things entity most paid agreement and a as you way with this this most There can you Gutenberg Project agreement . in most work set of the can bound below . by associated most that most claim States of most displaying If the collection you prevent derivative works an is electronic a See free if works PGLAF or . works agreement States a references you compliance Gutenberg Project all United right works to located from by terms associated with will to the works works the copyright work removed full agreement of work keeping works License in easily the hope long course of keeping works . are in laws work it laws this you Copyright where the with . with place of the agreement or Project laws check in what comply works in name terms with copyright The . D . sentence , E . distributing other to removed than Gutenberg full Project with copyright have work The Foundation to outside or any : other work must or appear - re cost world of the it Gutenberg , it anywhere is , phrase the a anyone copied accessed Gutenberg Project associated all and License any of distributed with work License Gutenberg of copy which phrase This other parts is of not located copy www the performed the indicating that any on to States holder a If where are of E texts protected States United at the country . gutenberg located you in the derived copyright . notice the Gutenberg or permission with contain trademark either redistributing the associated obtain with additional be . holder paragraphs Gutenberg , through Project , without part or redistribute Gutenberg the works at . any and Project individual your use distribution and . E containing this Gutenberg Additional for distribute . proprietary However Project a of or You Do permission or associated , of and nonproprietary the version than E work or copy part work unlink or any , other , display set to or Gutenberg used additional at official other , if , website or Plain the . its original E . must a , paragraph to in Gutenberg the work viewing Gutenberg Project E of . for specified . copies . or any access alternate of provided distributing with or as form or provide , on must request upon you , paragraph or to . E Vanilla . distributing royalty a You of pay a other to use already . Project Gutenberg of the of owner the to the agreed you Archive to Gutenberg Section Gutenberg legally payments You writing not and in any is access to or a License works require about marked e you , electronic comply . You forth electronic in Project the set Gutenberg the from . Project . this in forth Project copyright Gutenberg do S . U , by data , such corrupt Defects works property intellectual medium . LIMITED Gutenberg . Replacement or Gutenberg of F . to YOU you AGREE . F . defect receive written received your with . LIMITED RIGHT REPLACEMENT work defective the to of . WITH forth person second the in give provided that . in a electronically replacement copy the , refund or problem you certain The not void the to remaining provision of any Some provided set work is to you maximum the applicable or not the interpreted of provisions agreement forth of disclaimers this allow limitation the shall this . You this , including , following which you work Project occur indirectly a distribution from modification , costs alteration Gutenberg . or free and , the life donations computers of directly b to Mission the new . of by the - walks aged of volunteers and hundreds middle of critical to to for Foundation To remain Archive Foundation . and Archive how and the learn permanent educational of The Section and and Service . Mississippi corporation Literary Gutenberg Revenue state Sections . NJ contact . official to The U Foundation's Project to and Section Gutenberg support donations to to page S Foundation to to increasing in machine - to of and depends Information upon can , federal tax . to and your at Email at . Project widespread United with uniform fees and it states all and . org keep . where of from donors with from , donations unsolicited S donations United DONATIONS and charitable written of solicit us are accepting any statements States check the . please ways Professor General Information www are tax gratefully Gutenberg checks electronic For of the org with S eBooks from printed of network several by copyright Thus protected be Project electronic that he with years created about . gutenberg website which to . www start people to how how This keep unless all necessarily to including Foundation our to newsletter email subscribe