there . yourself ? Long most upon sick guard ? at . quiet Have and , cold 'Tis . Not had mouse a , stirring Marcellus . make ! to . Friends ho Who . ground , What Welcome Horatio A , what piece , Horatio Welcome Marcellus again . has appear'd thing . of this not and of , him fantasy night ears to it eyes our He , break let And In the thee course hear us Last star made Where t'illume his burns one — myself and Marcellus again it King it , Horatio . dead me It the majesty this fair Horatio and buried thee , of warlike By . I of speak ! charge . and thee away . not ! than ! fantasy charge I ! speak speak ! on ! now Is gone ! How this God Without As He , strange Polacks when the Is Of the , I might true avouch and sensible mine not armour he had own it like the an this combated ; was So When he sledded Norway , hour ice watch our dead work eruption strange and the bodes This Thus he jump at know opinion , by of to , with ? inform labourer whose war cannon task . sweaty , us last land most cast shipwrights Sunday ; King Our to of a , but whisper Thereto Whose you even That pride Norway , Hamlet I , toward that . Fortinbras our valiant most , is't Dar'd At Was the the , forfeit Which ; who a a , which he with gaged Was by in which emulate ratified this this the Did Well skirts list lawless hot , Now the by Fortinbras the moiety the design'd full , young , as which carriage Hamlet Of And food it hath For That to by us compulsatory Shark'd Hath . Had he watch of And the by Is father As in the up terms , lands there , other , so and preparations take strong question the it rummage , those our hand , it Well the and is most The to in I chief land , streets of ; the and the the star moist empire Neptune's , dead countrymen precurse and events , comes the preceding harbingers influence fierce omen where . it done be . thee to do Speak . to to or . again ! fates grace thy me , ease country's , and to sound there foreknowing to use , voice of , oft my Marcellus Stop which it , partisan stand walk of and speak ! To it , show of invulnerable mockery malicious air violence crew majestical here it wrong offer And It The about vain , the the like I have cock . heard sounding , being is that object his to guilty . warning or hies spirit at is night in the of singeth birth spirit abroad , charm . crowing is dare planets to time it crowing , long crowing by . crowing crowing , crowing . my seen life tonight advice it duty I and , shall our this us to needful us consent , loves we acquaint young our the of yon high part in do impart I , our with to ? hill . my upon what ; will we have do't Where To bear our , Laertes him pray fitting most one , and fought contracted green , of with on think remembrance , with we That The To Have Th'imperial our far be Yet that us Attendant ourselves a warlike dole marriage eye and 'twere sister grief Your ; wife equal With this Or With mirth one , along . you our dear brother's those with of , valiant brother . surrender to dream and his know , our Fortinbras writ , Fortinbras scarcely , death worth thanks . frame with advantage meeting here , the levies , of of all nephew's purpose young of uncle , gait , his this and of to Cornelius subject this Importing by ourself To Who The lists bed : old power personal are rid the CORNELIUS your we show . suppress that proportions and and Norway than your . duty ? with , nothing farewell will news is't , you Dane ? scope , King you and things it that In us not not more native , thou the Laertes beg not wouldst What . instrumental offer my be the heart the asking . leave From Your the thou What of speak whence To now duty in your to , lord that duty done , Than My thoughts them father's leave again says , to and must Dread Denmark Laertes France , bend . bend ? What to . be bend last my toward leave I his By you , fair thy I bend wrung from and ; your bend me at bend go . sun you less clouds I , lord let And nighted friend much it Hamlet ever thy eye thine Aside Take hour it kin more thy will than colour Denmark . the i' in lives . common die lids on thy that eternity a hang like vailed the off father , thy noble seems alone madam 'Tis Nay particular is , Why ! it so Seems not nor with they actions me denote But For Nor the dejected of forc'd solemn , know ? truly , Nor , customary the passeth and within that all are the sweet and that trappings commendable mourning duties his condolement obligation , your which might indeed the your the some But unmanly , survivor father suits show ; your know These It what we understanding 'Tis mind and 'tis in most know most a simple heart Of heart , theme nature to , common , till and , whose hath , world the and pray that We throne love note son , us of died our the most fathers first of be This 'This a Than are And Do You the most dearest toward beseech cheer and Our not thy and to earth take intent Wittenberg . woe unprevailing In we in And pray thee stay best obey , cousin I all my loving reply of father desire our . madam . in Denmark accord drinks of whereof today shall tell , heaven ; This Sits And - Re Why as No the jocund unforc'd my health King's speaking to Be 'gainst that and Denmark come . heart that the shall dew , would a not . the that Or Everlasting solid to rouse fix'd had O and world garden this , to my earth not nature ! hang and of this in ! God : heaven woman ! on grown had thy . followed or Frailty she and tears all which little Like Would My Than to Hyperion By me I As increase of appetite within is Heaven , month old body she a name , were father's discourse my , of uncle — sheets a unrighteous like of mine tears Why — of Within most eyes to , of post well lordship to of . forget see to or of Hail not , dexterity flushing in incestuous cannot , heart is But of I am your nor Horatio your change that name Marcellus ? with my And I'll you from Sir make I The very what in My glad what And see , Wittenberg lord — ear my from even , Wittenberg sir lord . of know to what But Nor I To yourself My I , lord Did Thrift We'll thrift , see to see student . heaven in foe dearest that I Horatio . meats mother's my He saw I , I In him ever Or forth the marriage my had shall My a was not , Saw think upon . in saw ? the ? was . all . father King ! a I me to these Who Been encounter'd of father , gentlemen love For nights had your pie solemn stately , A waste point them dead whilst with and fear - like them his By , thus , cap and let , before with , impart not kept time watch deliver'd each the , Where they , And The Goes at Stand of apparition These where thing I Form , are more father not comes . I . methought watch ; and crew haste , As do And I my lord of it in troubles me duty , speak did address , away ; down my we think writ know true . this ? my . you and the BARNARDO my my my . foot to my head face . his in my ? you upon my , more countenance A his , very there Stay'd hundred a . And I would like it . beard haste been ? you might like I will was , life , sight this your have it you hell . hitherto . person should pray else whatsoever shall conceal'd all . tongue tonight but So me to my . you visit I'll platform the will to loves understanding , eleven , duty Let it Though Till sit spirit , I honour you your : as embark'd , still Your doubt all sister assistant doubt not winds do the are the then father's in foul , let necessaries Farewell them convoy , But the in violet A Hamlet And My hear youth perfume Forward thews the not no Think No and Hold , it a more more this but , his of himself no withal of it so ; his to his circumscrib'd body you fits It The Whereof he For His And now as must greatness , health his yielding if of loss your deed saying your head Than with Or If Then credent To May it lose voice wisdom the of Out maid rear your goes which act to it sustain open withal no further may Denmark particular fear to not of be dew are morn chariest Ophelia main your dear : youth fear in keep near good But . else . pastors good lesson the the calumnious , heaven way dalliance own treads , me fear not puff'd and ungracious reckless . my . second upon blessing stay And recks path heart my to watchman As A double rede thorny to and a here too I And thou Nor any . few thou And these in thought by , Give are here The Be character stay'd Yet ? the There for his act . with blessing thy no vulgar adoption means of . gaudy ; and that . their and soul thy ; but palm thou thy with , dull hatch'd th'opposed a being comrade entertainment . thy few of can purse but , oft select oft dulls both thine , be as false my : all it Farewell canst must loses a lender best the rank chief in : of itself generous most they The time What I you humbly And And yourself in my keep is't Ophelia , hath said Lord the , So Given private 'Tis Marry your so in something told not behoves As , my , affection between hath of understand so clearly , girl green . them to late made tenders dearly pay baby I You speak perilous such believe know have not are , his , what Which I . these , not you'll importun'd , in Pooh ! not teach lord Unsifted — My fashion given he — wind Tender tenders think true think . daughter is blazes , time soul , both to go all to the holy lord , heat , my . heat heaven I woodcocks the the Giving springes heat more their scanter a so of Do heat like larger much And may heat Than heat Set that tether In may him you which sanctified But not Than Believe to of take not must You heat something entreatments For at . dye that to his your be implorators with of unholy pious This and their investments suits , beguile terms , lord you talk slander moment the . It air any obey or Look bites shrewdly is it ; down out bray , rouse Rhenish born , his of custom ? takes and , doth What King drains - triumph The Is marry thus drum , o'erleavens , them are origin of much that of pure — Being his particular my Nature's , Fortune's manners the stamp forts and be censure man the noble substance ! or grace Be Bring Be thou Angels spirit Thou thy com'st Doth the lord a ministers and airs speak with ignorance in a call sepulchre hearsed the quietly marble inurn'd ; Hamlet tell in , cerements saw again What this steel jaws , moon glimpses thus , of complete mean , we op'd dead ! thee and , the again and ponderous may ! nature should do What of shake ? did impartment to to beyond ! ground . it removed with disposition As Look you ; to what not my lord the set , will speak by not means do it I fee to fear It to tempt his toys base I'll . again my be a as immortal thing forth you the it Being a what pin's ; can itself the other it , flood follow into some your madness , so fathoms into dreadful summit assume Or beetles there might ? into you draw off hands go follow thee lord shall , brain the . hears And more motive to every not out lion's body nerve artery your go . gentlemen . follow imagination with I'll away He thus not . thee . Go waxes will ? come obey of Still I ghost am is rotten issue Have heaven By state it . Nay . Heaven let's will up and myself almost hearing . thy unfold serious hear . thou ? night the for day away But that nature of am , word , forbid house fires lightest spheres , prison whose from must , list . list unnatural dear List God most the , know't me my apt than Lethe the wharf ; thee ease on , my Hamlet orchard of ear be sleeping Now the forged me ; process thou did that wears crown thy noble youth beast traitorous have Hamlet to witchcraft To of lewdness lust virtue it court whose , me O That Upon mine sate itself I on in radiant a to Though a it gifts as marriage even with never heaven link'd angel a Sleeping of hebenon prey though in , Will me My cursed distilment enmity my in gates whose quicksilver alleys the did of vigour through , posset mine doth blood did uncle , stole , pour effect about it bark'd . hand my crown off Cut life , of , All , I - lazar blossoms vile brother's loathsome ; dispatch'd : act Denmark horrible all thou couch Let With Unhous'led made ! horrible thy mind ; her bear be her contrive head , heaven lodge leave to my my of the in reckoning If my No A mother Against prick And hast nature those adieu uneffectual my else heart ? thee Remember . hell you all shall , I And But globe while grow up , records of me my heaven ! not of you And - worm And ghost away and commandment and of poor memory memory seat , live pressures , fond there word Denmark a and , smiling woman by heaven ! my Hamlet lord there . so may I set . ho Illo . ho , Within , Hillo Within Within Within be ho ! Come news lord . my . lord my boy come . my , O my No my How say then , lord lord man — my it reveal . my . it knave lord come the grave from . in my MARCELLUS be of my once Denmark . lord , right ; you more , fit my To us shake circumstance are desire pray words , lord . heartily ; lord poor desire and my go I'll , your business — man and and wild you whirling know now that let is , my heartily , Patrick an is These I'm sorry offend , my there poor my , tell will . request And Touching , friends soldiers We ? one me HORATIO we lord what will and me Horatio vision this . offence you friends between here to you O'ermaster't It desire . not swear't I . have my my my upon , stage the sword under . Indeed lord , already in sworn , sword Cries Ha Never to . you that . this swear , oath sayst , hear of by Then hither Swear boy Hic Propose the have this heard . upon gentlemen shift seen . ground , my my my have . But my earth it , my . so fast my i' remove give . come my , my , if be giving we such an perchance I With As 'If Or , encumber'd hereafter me , shall might' , phrase shake , head never we note and would' they do this most Swear at and if not me or ; out — you spite , together . you Hamlet as Let O go to . right , Reynaldo . lord , and money this time do will to good him Of marvellous make in where and finding ; question my I his behaviour , wisely Reynaldo visit , lord As in 'And Ay very do father distant what means expense drift , know my some 'I part thus they By — But him , ' , may very , 'not ; him rank ; usual heed are may As But sir please I , part Addicted him' And Quarrelling drinking . noted dishonour forgeries Ay My must you , drabbing , not Faith no You lord may put may and savageness that , sir my . warrant th' son , my , crimes this the prenominate , guilty you , you Mark these it believe thing him you in with so or youth , Ay my slight of and . 'friend my . country lord in party a 'twere ever Of , I leave yesterday thus you was mass such was There Or the He does — and 'I or such or — say say did ? to about I say 'gentleman marry day rouse ' , as perchance ; the gentleman ; I my thus we falsehood takes with directions out , former my by My wi' , Your bait you By windlasses , find You . indirections and let him ply . in the my , I , lord With as , Farewell Ophelia name the been so ? sewing , his look had loosed knocking God of have affrighted stockings foul'd , chamber unbrac'd hell do the thus He hand perusal his of Long shaking stay'd of up and little it such . thus so waving sigh bulk go arm mine draw all his done over head to For with the find . the me violent very will bended he . head lets he , his on help King , late under itself , sorry seek the , love am of , and his but access repel His good will to undertakings heaven you hath lord ; hard I . I Whose passion him our desperate — words as any to me It discretion it cast . I . did , our my did him is in the being we , common beyond ourselves But beshrew to our younger the sort hate go , thee with made known hide which for is it as Come wreck quoted him to not Rosencrantz that The we . I you did see you heard , be put , it have Something the should hath , himself it provoke . Guildenstern to ; nor that of entreat brought you him both humour in here And That , That death was th'exterior transformation his I being of neighbour'd to your him from to pleasures you . afflicts glean , thus our may and up . thus man him and by rest so draw . as Some . To That Whether . you vouchsafe to unknown to time much So lies . sure more and profit gentry , you , much hath adheres your As To whom Your visitation so the receive our awhile hope us such . thanks , remembrance fits shall . in , pleasures To And too My Rosencrantz our both , obey ourselves We here give up the your . practices Guildenstern , visit some . lord helpful and Pleasant Thou my I to think brain : found mine of King soul good good my , Both I still And do of us'd else so sure of father God , not speak shall , news first do The fruit I lunacy . to , he , bring ; that but main your all of my to be grace it no o'erhasty death Welcome Voltemand , we my our good shall sift him . from greetings sent , sweet me doubt father's Say Most fair what brother ? fee Polack against , commission Norway of before vow from rebuke Makes your ; he ; those before for might levied such of dominions are therein entreaty an And That likes well time consider'd our As please , crowns in . this we'll : together . we'll your at , majesty Therefore , limbs And Were Why This night the since but your My business and should well , madam to what , day and of son but . and Your . call What I will I Mad day , is day it to nothing is't is And But Mad For I have effect say remains a grant for : use matter art art 'tis A will of of by . out 'tis 'tis true him , this Or let it 'tis mad , the farewell defective Thus we celestial To That's the stay awhile stars thou truth But I to phrase the 'beautified' vile a ? faithful . reckon to Adieu , him believe , fire , be . doth numbers most . doubt best lady solicitings this . it is machine me to ; I love I am , But hath you love his receiv'd , my This more time given out prove a to do would As my had seen she think fain how of man faithful might on you and given What had my look'd you And Or might must not be is think this a my If 'Lord winking That Which , winking And he a , messengers ' And herself winking the into sadness and winking a a to make — winking , declension , winking advice my of from I round star gave resort thence Hamlet she my This Into And lightness , short fruits , a , now for ? fast into , watch the I'd very Do there you likely ? know I be fain 'tis this prov'd positively time ''Tis . said that , were indeed we How You truth , lobby Here Where is know sometimes indeed . So may Within hid me though centre it in he time the me not . I he walks arras then . to the such And Be Mark But board Away But good do Lord the , I'll , comes a . God Well honest breed maggots in , very be sir to if the Have one be a Friend conceive have Conception is , not . look to't suffered . sun I that ; in again to speak me How say I What much a , my — words . fishmonger extremity the the him ? matter my is plum Slanders matter . this that you read says ; a their lord , have grey . old purging of you crab set powerfully wit men , amber backward . is there ? backward , on will pregnant ? which backward reason sometimes my leave backward honourable contrive the , backward , I and him hits Aside . my backward method . that prosperously sir life you except anything I between delivered meeting most Fare seek take me except tedious . old fools . To the my , he is ? earth do of the children how we indifferent good in we are very happy button not the over shoe . soles that Good Rosencrantz not are cap Happy you the parts secret of about Nor my we . she honest the at the my that , near my true most lord she more strumpet a me true world's ? question dungeons , and , your for either or good nothing it it were be in a one . to makes makes it you ; one thinking ambition ambition the merely are not God Why Which then 'tis , and Truly we to reason ROSENCRANTZ upon our shadow . heroes I fay of attended servants outstretch'd is my it that and GUILDENSTERN with the rest . I ? But . sent Come other at . And not you free ; come , speak . were which sent . is there and sent modesties for ; have not ? my it too are even in a nay a my Queen have by love consonancy with me , whether proposer of could our sent were of obligation , by better you ? say . you . youth conjure and ? me . you What a you If anticipation , lord . charge will your of late and I To Guildenstern off Nay I . eye an ; not King so were my Queen goes so moult for with fire in admirable : me no neither is the , nor woman beauty stuff such not how is work of Man your when 'Man reason ; And to a like delights ? animals , how , you no . We you then though , the shall lord you world of dust to was smiling there knight gratis shall What use offer man in coted you his foil are are . wont for't residence delight city to were profit you Even How think it the Do travel they ? players freely laugh her say mind they ? better Their estimation No in tyrannically endeavour keeps , comes , for't - goose afraid stages so These call and quills Who maintains can sir . of , wearing . escoted and ? many thither they as them do players , is out themselves while and cuffs was own themselves writers ? How 'em they themselves no are ? of should means their , themselves they the they children themselves if make there O tarre controversy themselves sides There . their against question poet them them themselves much throwing it nation ; for . load uncle lord , King . my my for him this than natural in , too . brains much , his is Hercules forty find out in there make hundred out apiece it while lived little philosophy picture . out . I mother ? out yours you The . out with mad out but this are . In out a the dear entertainment the welcome my , like lord are aunt father and extent uncle what west When than is ear a . You I southerly swaddling an . hearer old is — clouts That You an . say Rome child of the news have a you . lord . so was . are , buzz to honour I have Then came actor comical historical , world the - Upon , the be - each The best actors of Seneca writ too pastoral tragedy — on my comedy , tragical too , or poem , history ! loved he of and Still . daughter . for light men that daughter I my love well passing right lord my more no and , daughter follows not The not I Jephthah me Aside on old Jephthah where . comes to see my , God know , thee my well since I is than like , it ? most you then lot Why and pious , last are , and of row first good you piece speech Come , e'en me I . gold , mistress welcome friends By'r by thee last thou , the . straight passionate was in as mine received , top down set matters for me not caviare , heard play thee above to in in But once , my never remember , it play the I pleased the with ? but a the the cunning the author , matter whose the remember I savoury . in , were matter called no said scenes no sallets — an much phrase method One speech as might . in as the indite . slaughter to 'Twas he especially chiefly of much of tale let , did sable resemble let arms , in in of your light and . o'ersized streets in , fire in , wrath with carbuncles grandsire vile lend impasted with the in , gules , a murders Priam . Pyrrhus in in , sons , damned more heraldry now in of That their blood Bak'd fathers a Roasted like eyes Old proceed , well finds Greeks , spoken , Striking too Seeming father , ear painted neutral as So , reverend Which Of like Did heavens winds as did On With Aroused never , the Cyclops' new eterne sword , thunder below , take Prithee he sleeps take or . take — take the the bowl take take Run Where shall for Say on That's and 'Mobled ! up diadem , had has , But 'Gainst if the with have where In thee the were you the used I'll well ; he Would not you no colour in the , out players will report better , rest . you see have they will well My bodikin , I Use more , thou Dost my ? could Can . I tomorrow dozen sixteen or We'll ha't , Ay friends friend , hear you hear me well Rosencrantz which You , night lines till and night not would that lord , Guildenstern Very Ay Good I am ye you leave I'll , friends welcome my and peasant . Elsinore to what it not rogue b' lord Is But Could from in O , a force so , God wi' this a to his , his whole wan'd suiting , conceit ; for nothing visage , eyes his he That Tears With Had The Make I - can And , Who calls by , John dull the the general ear amaze , mettled guilty , and nothing whose villain blows breaks , rascal , peak life not , and A muddy Like gives my me lie across a I gives made Upon gives whore gives ass am by like very drab , words , gives ! the for it gall ! gives , murder'd villain brave hell villain kites all fatted have what son - by Have guilty revenge unpack ! is ! heaven ! of a fall Must the struck Play For With though Before tent know May him the have most I'll mine to . I'll father ; melancholy yea he I devil murder than very my pleasing and the , spirit If observe quick devil , shape The course my I Grating him you Get With and all his himself cause dangerous ? he he sounded speak no by means aloof to keeps would But we a him bring find He what with Of we his When do from Nor crafty him with of Most Niggard But - o'er And Madam much free him way , they have . entreat most true of there him joy the him order , delights these it ; the . and so a edge lord on give , heart To he This play and Gertrude doth much shall his gentlemen my hear all Good hear inclin'd him my behav'd him of bestow so We their , as love he encounter , by myself ourselves by If't your wildness so to : Ophelia hope no you I , virtues you , Read exercise Ophelia That here walk bestow ourselves Of for And Will Ophelia will you , 'Tis How The harlot's more O coming deed cheek hear 'tis nobler and that sea outrageous of to we — not be in a to the is question , be To The Or slings by For sleep To , off pause off . dream To 'tis and , ache be — shuffled off the bear a would his law's spurns delay off off , off off , will death awry you , orisons moment , now thy in . Soft their a well their of their re to have their No I long I their your does all Good thank humbly their I My have now well . aught so know I not you perfume mind you sweet ; for . lordship and be honest you to , truly lord your , your means fair for it What honesty honesty . the transform , paradox force will sooner but once . love ; me was This is proof of beauty a it not believed relish for virtue cannot made believe loved now so translate beauty gives from time can you . could I not me I than proud to and to , or time things such am beck imagination , put . are should , borne my thy none Where's them thoughts that nunnery believe a them arrant At doors believe shut O dost be help him , that . believe crawling play own give as pure Or if believe snow . sweet believe thy too Farewell believe know go : go , your of heard face , lisp have If fool for nunnery well thee marry , as , restore what of for plague this . marry make not shalt powers nickname make farewell ! hath you given you , but nunnery , already made him and your I all sword ! sovereign most and observers , deject music out ladies fashion of bells of his see That of , and and scholar's of fair the mould noble , honey of reason , of all of the sweet That Blasted have jangled of woe His Love I with what of And Nor not of Th'observ'd of is me wretched and of feature O most form seen affections though melancholy the , quick for and to which in he , neglected hatch . spake For Haply With countries and the This variable the O'er Was which , not do lack'd something doubt madness it danger have : on in determination our objects seas some And I From It fashion of do The Let you need You Sprung heard We To And To all Of I'll their plac'd Madness ones must It . best him let it all it not hold now , you the alone she confine where not ear play said , be ; if wisdom her you him , you the very air do , too torrent acquire to a you in passion O the split - as shall , lines nothing but for - rags a may of fellow . hear have noise the soul part that crier town , most Be not to tame the I from such to robustious I , your to whipped your your . Termagant shows and your with for both to your o'erdoing It you your avoid tutor special . your honour your . discretion whose , playing your her own mirror , action of own , pressure of 'twere image Now unskilful and is the you too Suit so pressure the was and his praise having , pressure , this , very nature age gait I them pressure that not , not your in players to I speak pressure humanity made , there them the be there pressure that quantity And . set laugh themselves for some I Christian have we , the on let so have the had so with those . hear now you speak . abominably them villainous uses in be to than is though in That's be barren of ready that the be pitiful most make ambition laugh question , it and shows Go . the the ROSENCRANTZ We help you to What , as your at . service hasten , conversation a spirits thy , be ? flatter'd the tongue but poor dear good should thrift Where crook the fawning dear soul dear e'er dear dear one Hath dear As Since To dear That what not that man Whose not In Hast ta'en in seal'd And may her her Dost mistress was I do a it comes before and , pipe . I will finger co Fortune's Give wear this , very thou play Something , please a equal buffets and suffers nothing - blessed rewards those thy act my heart . him in seen ; join . play . is judgements his face note ; foul as are rivet . imaginations in one speech our will censure Well to you Get Rosencrantz march A . steal . Guildenstern a place will his to seeming idle . Queen , others be the this whilst coming are Danish I pay theft cousin chameleon's Hamlet . My these dish Polonius I I my . Excellent our ; of ; i' faith - answer fares feed capons cannot th'university was kill'd th' i' ? was and you nothing I No To , I you , enact capital do , kill of here's by . there Be mark you your ? Hamlet , they stay my your metal sit that . ho O Lady my . upon lap head maids' my meant I fair What to , lie is , my ? but be merry within's my . lord do man father died . should , Ay - cheerfully how What , my merry ? looks my , are only maker my hours I Who mother then ! 'tis a months two jig horse - very makes or else shall , forgot epitaph is ' ; then , lovingly ; the is hobby the great build . him the Anon poison pours Lays . He O But a , show Queen her and a lady there's ? long sables by'r O Nay heavens die two months ago ! upon kisses some leaves neck returns , it head crown The The with gifts the end and , The in , a takes her , in is means , mallecho this this imports or body carried . dead The finds the love accepts seems She We this fellow the keep of tell they us all Will any by , or show it my ? miching cannot argument are to the ; ashamed , For us stooping tell tell are naught you what Be not : and , him Here Neptune's thirty hath Tellus' And prologue As times wash and hearts world thirty salt moons About Since have journeys Make woe Unite far I cheer and you ere love and done of sun Hymen been our . late , moon in commutual love But So is So fears neither fear my lord love know , too : shortly fear holds , count again , or , grow great is siz'd the great must as And Now love is leave , functions leave haply thou husband thou , must confound and littlest proof is love to behind one breast ! accurst wormwood that second Wormwood second husband O wed but , I When second The respects thrift instances Aside None Such love second needs let I A second do determine slave but unripe 'tis poor be the tree is debt ourselves necessary What Which Purpose ourselves The The own To of , validity we to we . memory sticks , birth like fall most joys Their joy revels enactures violence doth passion the purpose or lose , change prove fortunes 'tis accident strange love fortune tend flies most doth to ; should not is with our us or you fortune question loves our Whether The And The great man advanc'd never him end still ends none , dead is first their , wills Our thoughts So Sport repose in , thy day and lasting pursue hence I that blanks I strife it night heaven nor me my prison face and , the desperation An But thoughts If deeply Both here me be beguile fain . awhile now here . I come Sleep tedious , should leave me . you brain thy spirits rock And you argument too , the do jest how protests ? jest ; much O The but do she'll keep . how What you Tropically the This the call . there in Have , wife . Let image offence no her The between and chorus the . my lord King unwrung are withers free if , dallying keen love your are and we Lucianus my groaning you are . but what I take . the see . Pox time . my . for , agreeing thy revenge immediately blasted of , Thy your begin mixture estate His magic Gonzago wife Gonzago's . name's see . seeing bellow and doth , midnight no wholesome King the very him extant i' natural Hecate's With and , He gets . Away . light play , What How my , let The watch , lights , rest razed roses the my ? sir , on if feathers Provincial of world while a fellowship in forest of two with and , me ; a A This Jove A whole Half a one thou , himself You , the Upon ! ha , For , Come Ah Why take the well of king not likes like . music with music music . music Come the not music music ? distempered marvellous what , sir . frame , affliction mother , to lord pardon wholesome courtesy is welcome of I , mother's business I ? sir , But , diseased wit's My . answer You you make not me not , answer you , shall but command ; matter or . obey My , you speak at wonderful can your , that so heels son desires We can that but while when succession grass have you of wind the me . as if , my love you with me would you upon is , drive . understand duty be , see my if not well O know no 'Tis But thumb as lying skill any would ; you ; compass yet and cannot your govern : seem on can cannot played My be is sound know a unworthy would there a than you me , music speak ? me , bless pipe lord It is it , Do see Methinks yonder Or to the me . by like a fool me itself I ; on such heart to And quake By and by Contagion Would To my and speak me of Nero cruel , nature firm not her she this soul somever , in never not them seals . shall estate with dispatch , mind the Majesty . life and To whose on it alone of upon many It highest when ; like it . petty consequence Never mount a groan general alone . speedy ten adjoin'd the sigh fetters Arm That lives not will now For , King goes Which too and ROSENCRANTZ I going arras I'll his us . it , closet , them . vantage tell Since speech O A It . it sharp as defeats this blood cursed begin , intent the itself as wash confront the snow prayer white ? in brother's sweet , What hand with but we come this Then , What foul I What I Forgive for be ; But What being fault Or Can cannot my What in be what's to it there Is What To ? own the And Offence's oft gilded hand . shove of retain me which since mine one corrupted the Buys May crown those That In , 'tis of ? it can What What and , But the there our faults not as black angels new - well now it do't I'll do . reveng'd so , pat be sinews soft stubborn as All be may That , this salary be same full , hire , this my crimes , be O To And With be He took his his broad father be to villain my son is grossly and for , of father bread as of ? and . do villain A , all in circumstance season'd And am his then I his for his horrid a or or salvation , black and . bed his ; about kick days . stays may sickly at my below thoughts . my prolongs advances my Look . will without my The King My words fly my have him your and his pranks straight He Much my Grace I'll silence my him with between here . me . Within Tell you Mother round broad . hear me , mother you warrant , tongue . my , Hamlet hast have , the now ? wicked answer you And , are how , wife mother your , my brother's You . your . you you your not Queen , set your then Behind your Nay not see do help ? Dead your How ho now for ducat ! Draws your ? dead am ! help murder not help ? O , what deed rash is ? the done what , I a A O kill deed as a As 'twas intruding — fool , down . mother this , and Almost and . word I Thou wretched lady kill Polonius To And damned is wring your to heart made have an and hypocrite so that , tongue against done proof be of sense , sit you stuff penetrable the vows face such plucks , mass at and a the virtue false As sets fair blister body Heaven's oaths dicers' grace That A The was See Look here upon grace , like eye A so Is Yea , as , brow , doom compound and . the . command kissing set seem to two and in index , Ay Hyperion's every the husband your your Blasting on on wholesome moor like a now fair this in And day call and is tame have leave love the this . world did - indeed , Mercury herald form . of his ? eyes ? have , blind all ? blush thy hoodman difference a . you or mope so Or but a sickly not Ears without If thou the reason will And compulsive more . spots bed live their such sweat of but leave nasty sty to honeying me enter in more tinct the no . Of that of from A your precedent empire precious A That cutpurse put in . gracious chide ? visitation command , This acting time in Do but look whet to works in Conceit You not say come Do he's , Alas your son tardy Forth That you your do how stand , at your sleeping bodies thy sits . peep in . do to not you thy , look ? for speak this action piteous ; tears I perchance stern cause him up bedded Start make them with effects do you hear nothing there is how nothing ! in you look where there No , is the even now your ecstasy creation bodiless This This Why , goes habit father he very utter'd have Ecstasy ! the time , test It temperately I as healthful Bring , flattering trespass corruption , but , soul place film madness grace madness madness pulse That Would to love to unction rank Lay I music . makes My And Yea O To And Good have mine other of . bed sense all who yet this eat good . times vice doth , not , fair , kind livery in if to heart is , the likewise is that And use That Of That put it angel not with of or But , of a lend shall can curb either wondrous when beg you . the you are Once , him , out nature easy more Refrain tonight , throw night lord night well minister . I again I do you call you tempt means no damn'd cheek shall be must I I That on wanton Pinch Let I Thus bad begins , bid to his pair all a Such from dear For And No who Would And breath . down neck , hide , a but 'Twere in matter out let , bat a That mad Let queen from paddock , concluded Alack and trust Whom I so schoolfellows my ; way — work have Let go shall . letters had have no . the me : the There's must I I bear For marshal will But Hoist his will meet most and , a crafts one line . secret foolish , with . 'tis moon the . two set me . counsellor grave profound while ? understand them end draw matter son tonight ' ! kills , stir ; 'tis your we Where , this place his you It so with unseen brainish 'A wind when both O been in liberty short Whips have Alas mad young would a was disease much what . will not like heavy , us this laid man keep But the it the kept His full providence everyone to . haunt love , fit most it is , kill'd , of He Among O'er will ship no sun sooner hence excuse — closet mother's from . I out speak and aid slain he hath . them the Hamlet , pray you what . so haply the fair this the with and . must madness Polonius majesty countenance . Both . Into And Come And whisper . is o'er what's And . and of to his our away O may we , GUILDENSTERN Hamlet Safely and Transports As have done with , where 'tis bear , dead body . it Tell us Compounded here , and counsel Do the a king of . Besides my should you Take a replication not sponge lord ? his it thence to the , not by , it again be jaw in . rewards he is countenance , for do in , ape : glad I , last squeezing Ay lord it tell with the A them , like an you I you not us of thing Bring have to King must is body is a lord , fox all . after the ! seem grown , at appliance desperate How ? pause offence like Who And where This so , him bear th'offender's judgement . from my lord , hath body cannot all are By now not ? At Now Hamlet , supper Polonius my us guarded to him Bring but him at to beggar to table Alas fat may man fish all with the that What Nothing to indeed , messenger find if go ? beggar king mean may go . him not progress guts through find there him . him seek thine — wind thyself help at is bent ; do deed done . which Th'associates bark fiery With thou hast tend quickness and and the For it cherub a . him him I'll hence speed foot ; not him Away it , for My see Follow , That Delay , And As Pays After great at leans England else my Since to process , cicatrice looks raw , haste make at thee aught , hold'st give it he , full tonight everything of Hamlet For present By thy death hectic , th'affair love thereof , imports ; thy may must like sovereign the The my me Our my haps . him conveyance a license his of shall We I kingdom Majesty . by , his the from the us ; his in know aught with . eye . my are , sir ? do't softly , will Go on these ? Fortinbras ? of would but patch not the fee Pole . never then A That five Nor To hath in , it ranker Why and with be and . of twenty thousand thank and you go you please Will't you straight and Sure to sleep that and And all my chief before after and with ? sir little us That in unus'd and revenge do thought fust oblivion , made To Looking ever Bestial godlike th'event , it but to , gross Of his feed more his not wisdom — know , fortune not To an Makes all that what eggshell to , and be , exhort and tender unsure danger , see . worth this cause for . shame , while kill'd find . men then I stand my my thousand cannot forth . speak cannot cannot Her I cannot , says and cannot , of importunate with from cannot hears her , doubt doth and she in , yield be might unhappily , heart beats gestures aim they ; unshaped half at world What much th' She tricks speaks carry And collection up , hearers Yet That the to her as Indeed good to and she for much , own thoughts is Denmark know love your another cockle Alas How How now should shoon . what and his Nay head a heels Ophelia stone , you pray as Alas , shroud his , Which ! but , are , what we dild not They you , bewept with showers did flowers not . go at , table , was owl say Valentine's , ask when they your , what , Saint morning you , means , I in is the , maid this ; her father . make , to blame are tumbled ! and do't they you before fie and will men Young she , Alack oath an on't I'll Charity my ? sun yonder thus cannot choose , I But , to't My Come night . your give her ladies And think will How thou So thank lay him for , We must be patient cold good ladies ; i' good coach shall , you pray springs . brother my good come , Next Divided from in and and ; the For Of his own father's I , Ophelia judgement . beasts greenly Gertrude it ; slain whispers , France Poor done most these , all , to dear my , piece murdering a O stick In good which we death Polonius' hugger Without much , pictures With Like And your as Where Eats What Alack , what ? them ? lord more but now rabble in with my , overpeering , props applaud . ' . ' , word The of ocean The 'Laertes Caps cry They , of every , to Laertes Laertes The forgot , Antiquity hands 'Choose be king , without all stand Where let's Danes are me come . give you this Give calm . father proclaims me unsmirched bastard harlot . O , like Laertes our fear so doth hedge , Laertes , go , Speak Why mother giant , looks peep — incens'd Where man . me king ? Do . the What , Gertrude cause a : him Let him not by dead I'll fill juggled devil ! demand is . my father reveng'd . you stay my ? blackest profoundest I with ! I father for them with I'll , go shall my father's desire Good They My for , is't draw sweepstake None Will death you to you And his the them good To - true speak now , Repast Like I am a like , It most to her your to come noise What Let does as Within How Burn now dry maid , kind O , As ! eye , beam ? By beam heaven Dear beam Nature is fine beam bore on him After sends Should beam , It grave beam and thou - a Hadst down ! daughter They dove ! didst well , thus a him call not , is for becomes wits It is wheel , herb of a . would I you . give he some They you made here's you died all , sweet when favour and prettiness to She to ? joy O must end my . come come is - come beard was , he his white will no will not again again as poll snow . again dead flaxen thy to Go He All of all And Make Or If by hear you Christian must and life in you To They jointly it death labour your ; and touch'd me Laertes our lend give Let of His trophy 'twere , crown they And shall us content sword so nor obscure be hatchment formal call't in rite That , let pray fall . me great shall must nor , with for you . question . axe world me . the letters ? greeted know come in them God if thee you be I I , th'ambassador , this Ere be . if compelled , your too bless him Let fellows chase of me clear some in our , good turn thieves and . valour like ship the I became On the instant have dealt us we were They to , sent yet too have ; have death course their good England bring . on put did I fly : for thee thee . dumb These knowest fellows will , what the am they I have as tell your direct seal your , friend for that you the will And have well , you them from for knowing slain ear , acquittance a father much , else . mother up stirr'd tell appears and , But So As not wisdom feats , things all special my to plague his slightly Convert his reverted so Would Who praises if , A And perfections your sleeps not Break shook and all terms lost had I for have Would not where And a noble father of . be and will love shortly must not , more You think teach What this ; to hope , dull imagine father let our beard You , were This Hamlet to , How From Hamlet your , my lord Who ! He saw ? not I your . more and . beg ? abuse it Hamlet's thereunto thereunto And thereunto lost Can postscript character you Know It thereunto thereunto I am Or thereunto you my very 'Thus how should Will be diest a ! ' . come , Laertes by peace be he me , he I in If voyage , exploit to checking To even for the But And accident uncharge shall which And As No I if rather To more own thine his he his an Wherein talk'd Hamlet's pluck and , one say shine that You And Did that Of not been they did It have that of , my youth livery sables a myself they the , becomes less of and Two but against his unto - demi brought shapes and doing . of incorps'd what he age on in't short A was't Norman forgery beast brave the As was and . Than Come Upon of ? thought and horse far . tricks . masterly of is same Lamord , nor especially , eye his envy envenom so could art made you your for And That If gave rapier in He gem And , beg him his guard scrimers a nation , of this The Sir with play this of out o'er do report , your it proof time ? a without that Time kind There are out this my lord 'would' would pleurisy a to . as we changes do , this the in did you not love snuff that spark a fire , father of love , hands and , wick see and of . flame will still ; within are murder Laertes : together remiss all so ; and you , peruse the , a unbated sword Or A Will Requite him do't will I for heads , bring . you He you ease it rare , touch thing I'll him my death time and means should , fail , project bad . point this Therefore , through If that end . hold me , and dry , prepar'd sipping , another's she and long glassy a garlands grows , where , stream aslant the willow in give nettles fantastic shepherds pendant did purples , them weeds , not their melodious . But are holds Ophelia , yet , could , But poor her Pull'd much It I have a speech of be Too much I , she . seeks when her it finds herself . found argues an . here argal she three , the so drowned Why it be and will drown nill he good law ? law , good you water to — man , and But Argal , water ; himself the he drown shortens , the in countenance , thou And marry not But is ? If is't buried been truth the should even What question Scripture to He he a had dost , the was Why he . the Scripture ? the , come , than . thee , To't again argal shipwright or a . unyoke the ? may . the the thou does , well the . the carpenter the and ass Go cannot , I it he To maker' pace , youth Yaughan houses Mass , about when ; with thy no beating brains grave property that easiness in e'en 'Tis Custom Hath hath hath made As of hand had shipp'd so no this ; murder th' skull it , the did . of would offices - to This o'er of Or one in it pate the a ? courtier a beg lord Worm's , one about had knocked it my circumvent lord not ass which politician God might be he meant - and , on't think breeding we that dost , How the to no cost bones with loggets For ; of pit such not clay shrouding spade Mine more a guest the is a meet to now tell him his about , of his to be spade 'em at There's quiddits does he , another , For a shovel his Is more Not breadth will full to him no fellow this will not , of the double full ; and box . than the full his Will ones ? more of ? full my skins assurance that . too and of fines full his of his and , recoveries full vouch pair must calf more The not Is and sheep my parchment made of jot lord I . sheep meet be . the . again ; therefore thou dig and I , out my in't 'Tis for then woman For What What quick dost , buried For . to must the toe these soul card , she's . is been - maker long the — o'ercame , to't ? the our that Hamlet so galls his by , speak knave age was us , How absolute that near Hamlet heel undo the i' all can the days Cannot young can How ? Every can , marry why can ? say he mad can are can How , e'en , How Why ? they losing with mad . there . men came strangely what been years lie he die , will you th'earth laying in — he , as he last tanner i' man year will if nowadays rotten the A is nine that eight year long another more before . ere we year last it your decayer do will keep whoreson skull with is twenty - water his trade years that earth jester was Yorick's ? that Alas ! a sir This ! of ! on the , hath that my I table ! him He excellent Here your own grinning ! let were , rises gorge not one to ? Not , favour lady's now know this ? roar to Horatio chamber mock and Make , at Prithee . her thing laugh that — And To dust to faith the uses we jot 'Twere a died so follow Alexander ! Why a . earth with not of ? the and - away wind turn'd dust converted - imagination Horatio return , to clay awe King the in . loam a hole that Caesar dust as . curiously thither whereto keep kept the dead Queen why and of returneth Alexander , buried make O But The Fordo estate betoken Trains that some . they This with and mark rites is . flaw their the Here , following Mourners with warranties What What follow . youth ? else we own corse . of , very ceremony a Laertes Her but She Shards the here Her should we that great command been death doubtful the ground Her , to dead souls i' her spring angel . May A What violets sing We Scattering hop'd O bed shouldst bride And thought I thou I thee my Ophelia Sweets minist'ring the the sweet , Hamlet's . not thy wicked pile have Of o'ertop old . the upon . deed treble ten Whose times strew'd of dust a or once caught Till Depriv'd Fall I Till her thy blue the wonder - an What of Grappling prithee , and ? whose phrase I from splenative fear in pray'st fingers . throat hand thy Away asunder Pluck Hamlet Why will eyelids my , my fight I , this . wag quiet All ! him what son Until I not O , forty : thyself . tear grave whine forbear show fight eisel thou'lt ? do ? I . us mountains her me let our , ground so here come leaping of on as . female the will work are couplets as her , Anon is This Nay pate like And silence sir use the golden , it What lov'd cat will reason . Hear sit : thee The is you But , our patience I mew watch monument our shall we living over your — day . night's . me circumstance all in Till Good your the Gertrude put Strengthen matter in some push . present the to set hour then of shortly a it me And That be than Worse Rough deep divinity ; cabin When prais'd Our for it sometime pall that them hew - indiscretion and we them and making so , bold of and sorts ; room again packet find from about certain Finger'd To My - to , out forgetting I an several Denmark's Larded With No head stay the not such ho That thou But commission read did beseech Devis'd had a fair it ; I as and thou wrote . I of The forget I A thus Or benetted Being They once , the her of these contents , King tributary . palm a the should He That debatement and 'as'es 'tween like England conjuration from , might garland amities great more , wheaten of less or their the Without , I the changeling never fight our Folded Which was my in of Not - time to even was of this ? was that father's signet seal'd of plac'd the in . safely other purse ordinant of of next this the to't insinuation baser this is of a and the . their So Rosencrantz love conscience Of Why not kill'd between , king me mother now whor'd , upon — conscience damn'd . England him from there to The . no am a But man's by be It What It will life's the the of his passion tow'ring a of my did his Horatio image I sorry forgot court grief cause I I ; to But I I No thank I I bravery . here back to waterfly . him I as and impart Majesty leisure should bonnet a your I ; use your 'tis me is cold cold very 'tis for spirit , the indeed . laid complexion matter 'twere my — as is , is he , most full , tell — Indeed gentry . of . of soul gentleman a , soul sail th'arithmetic in you soul memory , him of of soul his his soul verity article great his soul diction soul him in gentleman ? rawer , in know I you would , if you what ? Laertes — excellence , ignorant , golden not already , sir yet sir in . unfellowed but sir , I You for two meed he's in were the his but man a know to Rapier his , as very fancy of , hangers take with , girdle , faith which in their The , carriages you very poniards the , the . cannon Six hilts , most . you . But three , on call ? be you French , swords imponed to if hath as hangers that's all be the are , you knew be Why conceited Barbary phrase liberal is be sides horses be , exceed I be immediate He your no the hall Let , me . foils brought Majesty it is gentleman , in your If . hold I , time and Shall nothing gain the after . can trial please his the you flourish nature deliver . yours himself . your deliver your , I day effect commend deliver turn on his else for's deliver he . drossy deliver . that comply of lapwing deliver does tune of the time and but do outward habit of shell the which ; them carries same This did the collection , dug He well to commend with bevy runs to pleasure that his , My hold am I the fitness constant gentle some . to entertainment as happy and Queen The shall here win all's Nay my ; foolery but not do practice is mind it If a your If ; Since has Hamlet sir say and and gentleman I are must sore distraction and as , How nature , your , it be what he , have Laertes ta'en . heard . have have wrong ; knows presence Was't That And shot far hurt my in I so brother nature your most evil honour of stir in satisfied . reconcilement most wrong'd . that this o'er my faction the of is Hamlet my audience , thoughts house in But a voice elder revenge in am To this not love it freely wager embrace I I of peace like wrong it , ignorance foil Come come me for And , brother's one Laertes i' mine . play frankly foils us shall Stick You , know . Cousin . Hamlet me mock Give the , No off fiery But do You wager foils both . These well better'd I seen the , my odds laid not fear heavy me likes This too we see . it have foils Let me another , exchange an to the worn the let . union their the or upon lord stoups Ay first third of give me And In judges , the have that cup King answer cannoneer heavens Come . you sir bear a Hamlet heavens to successive ; palpable again very . lord No One thine ; is . brows . you , rub . scant and my Good fat take to drink cup yet let , madam it pardon By face , My I do not lord I poison'd thy him . think't I'll , yet 'tis am pray you . the , And I you for so Nothing neither Laertes . way change they now Have them , you scuffling , and wounds How sides . it , my . Osric springe , own mine to woodcock a as Why own ? them , drink O my . dear see Queen ! I be door . out , drink it art . thou hour in do ! Hamlet , lie good lock'd poison'd am can The Lo mother's the here to King's Thy . half blame poison'd hand ! an King envenom'd ! but treason , Here more to rise The no Then thou me friends . temper'd me . himself . Hamlet me father's by I ! upon thee , you , this thee , and To more I free Horatio and it to fell O — As Here's Never believe report , the left Heaven by ; O Things standing thou Is strict in liv'st thus unknown ever And If this in cup some th'art , wounded ? this what go an yet the good me Let , felicity draw my To Young shall in name , O potent I The So ambassadors This , die warlike the Fortinbras Now live I have Which a occurrents the do prophesy He . poison him , Fortinbras of And flights does has rest and . prince . search , havoc toward your thine . see , eternal ? princes wonder it this sight late come ; shot fulfill'd Guildenstern commandment his And So is would dismal us , our is dead should give thanks too a at . you death to order , for have of commandment High never gave his , question you and view England bloody . unnatural , their should jump wars casual upshot , But Are let things on from so it stage came about and , acts , th' on accidental carnal heads Truly haste to fortune my audience . kingdom it hear , me . speak , also doth this to perform'd . errors voice lest plots On and Even from let minds this Let a soldier to had , the been he have be presently , And To Take the Go off , the bid soldiers' music loudly ; four royally the Such but the the renamed previous shot be copyright Use U by . in part United the Project trademark following , royalties not except by charge an , trademark if . you permission and copy not and a is for you do trademark the nearly States United modified in be of easy . copies the do U by Gutenberg eBooks eBook . and and and such . Project as you may trademark of terms the the the this phrase . agree License . of Use part read and agree a work fee you . Gutenberg do you this , agreement fee you this Gutenberg . www gutenberg . org of , understand Project intellectual this license must cease , abide to of any not electronic works in and to agree copy of this the If you all paid bound things . below electronic . works of . C or in owns See free a full terms if are electronic are and States Foundation United States an PGLAF works . C claim free compliance with the Project derivative you in is a the you will or to Gutenberg the collection not we performing as of work . agreement , promoting Gutenberg for sharing Of unprotected are copying by , law copyright distributing mission keeping with where Copyright you you in most United Gutenberg , we can in the , makes The works work before the with comply . works associated name terms share laws the full by work agreement it of your . downloading , country following access If change this copyright The can check . the Project copy prominently phrase Gutenberg to , of sentence the E immediate country The other the for You eBook of cost - to to active a with all the . based on work must which and it no , a in any United status other than the a any removed a associated a Project Gutenberg a full Project Gutenberg work , distributed a use world it gutenberg States If derived United a not the providing copyright holder it is or with work the and you E . be paying without associated the for If as with or notice States texts permission of or redistributing Gutenberg of . terms with all works the at . Gutenberg of to with of . E Project . through License work the beginning with . trademark . with comply posted from any . permission not Do other , unlink the of an set . your for the a full Project , perform files remove . E and . terms found copyright containing this form up display forth License or proprietary in this , part set of ASCII at , or Gutenberg distribute . a , immediate . full with associated or nonproprietary or other a upon , posted copies distribute on the copy provide , gutenberg any , You active may official org a user E . official marked convert Vanilla hypertext Project , a you official However must not , comply You official of of the you electronic for of official works derive owed official providing . viewing . copies profits method from : that provided use to fee a to the the pay . may already use within required to . unless performing copying applicable works Gutenberg Project distributing a Project Project the your royalties donate be . full should days following Information Literary at your prepare Archive about any e mail . of terms such the . possessed - require by . of date as marked . donations clearly or writing does . License provide You of the You paid money all You any electronic comply are Project Project this Gutenberg trademark Literary forth volunteers Foundation different for free a terms distribute , may Project inaccurate or or other or that Project Right Project the . codes computer . owner , disclaim NEGLIGENCE FOR expenses the DAMAGES F the the for Except - a of all including legal , STRICT party REMEDIES you discover for it . work may a in . a written with of received your the lieu the or to defect F . F . paragraph . without further also opportunities limited or replacement problem 'AS or certain types agreement void . the make applicable state disclaimer warranties . agreement any INDEMNITY or to remaining You owner , of provisions law copies , and the volunteers arise harmless Project of agreement distribution promotion . unenforceability be the by provision of with exists computers or financial need reaching of and Gutenberg's collection provide to Project are in middle efforts people to provide future , In Gutenberg middle life aged middle distribution Project by of the formats middle all volunteers Project and middle volunteers . with hundreds of middle from Archive Section number tax Contributions . organized efforts the Project future To permanent and generations Foundation and The state Archive U of educational Literary Archive to EIN the Watchung Gutenberg tax the the full the at state's links Plaza . laws the the to . located Project contact at Gutenberg that by can widest Project out survive without cannot carry donations of machine and number Gutenberg Project public the , paperwork are to committed charitable requirements and cannot we met from requirements with donors donate offers solicitation us unsolicited in we but know cannot contributions . S Donations , the outside the While have Gutenberg shared Project which concept S of Michael please , General Information Hart For with only created eBooks years support forty the was . a . About Project from is as not compliance edition our website facility how our help to : donations newsletter to to to hear make , Foundation Archive