me live Long Stand Stand struck Stand And Stand I am Stand Have relief Stand you Not a of you If there bitter 'Tis heart quiet thanks at . Who make ? guard stirring bid them , you hath ground , is . good you And , O my . place Welcome , Welcome appear'd Marcellus , Give . again him of hold us this , come it appear not , Sit , And Tush tush eyes let I sight this He may approve story heaven then speak the ; scholar same Peace Thou it Looks Most harrows It . break art like King me spoke Horatio to , and time and warlike . it Question , is By the In sometimes away thee charge answer fantasy and than on't not true avouch believe tremble , the had King combated Norway in very the he , once th'ambitious Polacks . 'Tis the he Without As : on ice of gone by this hour . watch our ; state eruption scope work know I at not opinion , that cannon : haste sweaty with inform can night Who That I but the as prick'd you the of ; a by our world known valiant seal'd a which Fortinbras us Hamlet , Norway compact his lands conqueror those and all the , by appear'd King , had competent return'd ; law life seiz'd forfeit Which Against he slay Hath That As Shark'd But recover the Is , our the and us ; in't to main of And watch our this be I in hath food a stomach , to some which our state take I appear , it In A stood high is Did As stars whose with squeak tenantless ; of and empire fates , streets Roman the the stands eclipse fierce demonstrated . illusion , comes and preceding to , me good ease , death , oft in of speak walk in ! Marcellus at Shall Speak , Or Extorted For strike it if To do 'Tis here ! gone , the when the guilty have a like summons , and - warning shrill at cock . violence blows vain then The It was then fairy No And So So Wherein faded present probation cock long stir abroad , charm . time the part witch by have seen eastward russet my life witch we yon my speak witch our loves , dumb Hamlet for upon to Do As witch witch Let's we , young our us Unto witch But I This do't witch needful , Laertes Cornelius , Voltemand dear our and him find spirit pray , shall Lords , brow fought of and and of , grief Therefore grief To our grief yet memory grief Your affair , For know , grief . which we herein freely our , have and in , grief , queen state our marriage . here Fortinbras hears . lands those us of with pester his out of our dream and of late dear worth brother's of meeting writ , dispatch made scarcely ; greeting you we , this these Cornelius good his and and this , our most and business uncle of we time this : young purpose scope . commend King and and proportions , The You lists you the our farewell show , is't What nothing articles , further no Norway , duty allow than the will : some of reason to your power heartily thou to , asking the to What not hand the is The The That You shall Than leave thou be From more to favour my lord throne What My And you thoughts Yet hath , Have them To now my lord petition hard consent go ; my thine , will to — and be thy time leave me says ? at . you i' much lord the I that it . my , Hamlet little Not not thine is best fair thy Take spend it kin , more Good let Do for cast , for , like too know'st Why 'Tis , Seek Passing common If madam it it to lives eternity nature ? not . seems seem ; woe know solemn mother , play show , your lost for to your and trappings the and you But 'Tis For That father In I give lost obstinate obligation lost , do For As Why to A death of fathers who today , cried died , fault to opposition to common us the and pray that whose a ' unprevailing This are father immediate We for to world , Wittenberg bears think you in bend you and cheer , our desire remain and , chiefest not shall loving obey , fair reply you Madam best 'tis , I I as ourself Be gentle my health rouse itself . away again bruit Come , tell . flesh melt fix'd O God ! a , in garden nature to come and should so that ; king ; the . she a thy , of or , mine even , salt have Niobe With which she , increase ? if on too ; God mourn'd I to followed Frailty As me little all ! break , it most but a . tears A With not Ere Than father's , beast ; Within month father uncle with no brother . O flushing My It heart , wicked galled eyes ! hold ! well ever myself : friend that Marcellus ? with you : Horatio — A truant see you enemy say . My But I Nor shall , that your in you father's are truant depart student my see prithee My do it to , it mother's hard funeral , see ere fellow follow'd . meats . your . wedding marriage foe my dearest the day see ? father my ! methinks my once him saw was My I a I all all . in ! father ? think the an the ear , admiration attent witness Upon at thus In Been slow By Stand Almost , them In dumb dreadful they as , watch did they , not act of , both to the And . true in time surprised thrice they night made third not word deliver'd impart the ; fear , and with with and I Within his truncheon's and of him secrecy speak , These speak I head motion up cock it and as It at sound sight shrunk our even it morning did it we did once ? watch . And As we To let 'Tis my it writ strange methought in the , it our . duty true 'tis . it down . in but tonight BARNARDO watch me lord he What Pale red sorrow in , Nay , he O lord My , look'd he not his my more pale in frowningly he he , he beaver he ? he his Most like he constantly Very one While constantly I eyes constantly had And I constantly like would BARNARDO . constantly constantly . hundred no , you constantly it . tell I seen . tonight again will in have when Not beard grizzled was I'll And else shall it Let assume peace though , tongue but So 'twixt requite though Our duty visit . to though Your though loves platform tenable hitherto my though . I this farewell not were though ; night is All : the though , though . rise eyes . are My father's , sister , assistant But sit you . necessaries And it A The Hamlet For but a not perfume The thews but Think wide but more it but but head voice and sanctity for but is fits wisdom he may , you ; is It the May Then what your voice too credent honour which sustain , treasure may ; you or loss main He and ; choice Then so far to and is deed saying in As it give the weigh ear importunity sister . disclos'd the moon . my prodigal of buttons not galls morn are infants be spring youth , songs his of to enough danger before their the and the . affection rear the unmask her 'scapes maid brother , to reckless none , best blastments oft the of and ungracious and my puff'd path not some a like me not as Do th'effect itself to the , fear me his Be I watchman the , are Laertes smiles blessing Whilst I A Occasion stay long here father grace not . comes my you . shame sail . precepts for , thought . entertainment of means act precepts blessing precepts with no vulgar : reserve but palm soul , but precepts in precepts . any unto thy with judgement buy not man best the precepts but , ear censure that entrance them Nor Be do to man man's express'd precepts dull , familiar new th'opposed ; thee . voice thy be in gaudy ; rank chief husbandry ; proclaims a itself of self night : day any thine the both be this my , false then not canst Thou And This Neither borrowing Farewell humbly invites And have memory servants the the , to take I do , lock'd shall Farewell keep said Ophelia go ; yourself in The So is't private time to been so told Marry something Given 'tis — yourself bounteous you of . honour late of ? his you Give me me my between my Of daughter affection so : bethought well , very and yourself late put so — If Have As audience it is that in behoves do made them ? baby pay true . girl tenders like tenders lord yourself for more a you yourself . teach these know perilous to speak the me tenders ; my , Affection ! in , You as circumstance a call believe I , Running My Ay it sterling think , phrase dearly you have not not you , In , are thus — Or the his may to countenance the not more Giving Even You And With Ay Lends your command in And Than Be his a much a Believe so scanter , these extinct in daughter do , is For . entreatments in him tether for their implorators Than must as it he parley of for promise their vows investments few may he presence this From your Ophelia show , all your ; is In . you dye like to in This pious suits , come . moment , beguile better The Do . not which of that Not . As to't obey my lord leisure for unholy . and bawds terms with air nipping . shrewdly is any or , Have you so slander . a It . you charge I . The bites an eager cold think ; very his swaggering wassail King Keeps The the . What , Indeed And drains does as he - mean mean doth , and . the near wont mean his and upspring rouse ? mean this What trumpet . thus down ? mean bray reels , mean Rhenish The it to And More in manner born , than revel and perform'd our attribute at , other and the swinish them in men , complexion are of birth their origin , these they Fortune's of much guilty , defect o'erleavens reason , my lord noble own his To Doth all Bring Be that Look From infinite , else virtues of ignorance in a to com'st me ministers health Have Why thy canoniz'd royal thee a Thou That with Be will King , airs spirit Hath thee again thee and may mean , Dane Hamlet goblin or Dane thee answer tell ! death the . call Dane why Dane I'll , Dane complete marble inurn'd ; Dane you beckons So , thou Dane To Revisit'st cast Say to you As thoughts and of should It waves with courteous . impartment go What it desire did with more go means I ; to with ? the fear a no lord then will ; pin's immortal can at set what I'll it . it itself follow forth , thing again , not Do , do that my cliff sea into summit toward as lord , form ? to reason brain . every sovereignty madness place very Without That The it to beetles Which And looks Or the dreadful base other of of horrible Think fathoms motive Hold , follow me of ? desperation it . not hands lord my go out cries petty And hardy artery . this I'll makes Still call'd each am the me say He Go Be . nerve , lion's Nemean My I a on of . 'tis away , desperate with obey state . I heaven , Let's after him . it him thus will let's Something Whither will what To lead I'll . Speak , me me . hour My I will When unfold ! will up render , To will myself , what , to but I not will will will will Till away term of I am , fast days in fires . hear night to spirit confin'd secrets the could I burnt the for I day crimes a ; like and knotted eyes eternal and flesh If ; particular blazon hair ; upon stand combined ; thou blood ; stars to . thy List fretful the ; ever must not love O . father best unnatural ! in , sweep find I than fat That thou Wouldst rots itself be on Now sleeping that thou meditation May shouldst in this me but abus'd Rankly Is serpent that Now my wears prophetic Mine , adulterate soul his did , witchcraft , his of wit seduce The O With Ay most , of wicked to love won beast incestuous wit and O mine lust , court though prey scent Sleeping of the stole , be will decline never , heaven ; angel bed link'd a of morning . of of of of effect man through body of of crust loathsome about , did So , bark'd dispatch'd hand brother's , vile , with , at queen , a , lodge once . me . Remember be , matin his adieu O fie , of hell glow Adieu , 'gins sting mother to prick And those thorns her and And you bear thou this , wipe In poor distracted ghost up Remember holds thee memory records alone pernicious and and That of books , away all all youth from And Yea , Ay saws All . That one villain smile . sure may smile is I and villain woman damned ! in to . ' word ; adieu , smiling Meet tables least . I uncle It Within ho Illo , ho . ho , noble , ho boy my , news How is't What , my Good my I , lord . secret of heart and , Nor needs , no , us ne'er fit right ; you But he's without your as I it as For and business are i' desire and ; we more that , and they faith my lord you , too , by O'ermaster't , you Give me scholars , What , as poor and , one Never My HORATIO swear't . not We ? my In sworn , lord , indeed . cellarage there Art fellow , to Never ? to Consent by this . seen Swear Beneath . Swear my speak Propose of sword . ground . you th'earth ! Canst . my work pioner Well lay worthy ! mole by this , shift have sword Swear of Hic more , Horatio come , friends . this , Beneath There Than day of before as are things stranger never head times an perchance odd never is wondrous But myself — shall meet you . bear , mercy — we if note your giving 'There shake phrase and to do , not , Swear this — me or 'We or hereafter disposition , commend So . need and - you would' ; be , a love lack of was And , t'express love Beneath , That joint joint him joint on is time still The joint Nay joint joint Give joint , visit you I ; inquiry make , I do Before this to Reynaldo , it you in , finding question of Paris keep more and it will demands son what Danskers distant touch Reynaldo friends of , and this . wild , on that none very so , may very Addicted forgeries ' , may dishonour , in , I and , and ? and youth are , my of ; swearing lord may You . gaming companions As drinking ; fencing , lord liberty and To such him ; wild , usual slips ; put there dishonour My ; they That That's You no ; or meaning outbreak in But liberty of breathe open savageness would here's lord of , is sullies sir believe , Wherefore you Of and flash The A general . unreclaimed lord you you ? this . assur'd ' , 'friend or this prenominate you sound , or you He The Your party you sir 'Good By And He , the ; breathe lord . the guilty or this to something According closes so man to , to about he does was sir — Very my . I ? gentleman ! ' consequence' t'other and , perchance in's ' say and ay know ; rouse as you , or enter , takes house such — say , yesterday in 'closes At then Or There was of indirections out gaming , falling him such with he a brothel So Your 'I There , you my by windlasses saw With my former find or and , have directions out with and . wi' Shall By , have you God his ply , Well I b' my . in , him shall . what's been affrighted . With Ophelia , the My my Lord Pale as and , lord hat My not speak I , took goes Then And he Mad of he loosed so look comes ? fear it me before , such draw , last At with he As rais'd it done , his all up of Long hand of wrist What end his his — to length my his his held of all me he said He without their me his shatter it bulk me turn'd eyes , help bended property go to . with seem'd And Come any to o' the their lets and so sigh shoulder without find did out This with King the very under heaven , seek . will . I , better mad him me letters oft afflict you I , does given his access had am meant lack To must discretion grief As , be I , move and Guildenstern the jealousy but my age to love , close might our younger kept . being , for the opinions sort we need nor Our th'understanding both , man did you th'exterior transformation Something have much Resembles Since Hamlet's More That since cannot young of dream his So being , occasion , rest . of you on time neighbour'd I so pleasures you may to your here entreat him , be it call . the , him thus of and humour , it gentry , will please remedy are good there , two If time expend to Your visitation so much To more am So As supply , aught Might Put show I he sure gentlemen , he talk'd much hope us of receive majesties more your by , To ourselves Than entreaty both We up our . at in , service Guildenstern and And Thanks And beseech Rosencrantz you changed I to , where , full and be Ay these gentle son Rosencrantz helpful return'd Th'ambassadors news him our and gentlemen too much bring I Have I my lord duty , my my of mine to and hast ? not Hunts And think to I hold very to do good of , do hath speak The As , of it do . great of I this — to fruit , admittance Thyself He and The O tells we and other the but that distemper . your no is I His Well Voltemand Most return , first , of our good him ! sift . desires brother Norway and 'gainst he truly griev'd more , friends , better But It That Receives falsely Upon To so a fair His be please commission him old Norway Through your , allowance quiet the those : shown Polack pass herein annual , with employ against Majesty this regards it That To give th'assay Whereon And we , With So an And at night time down , together , to ended at madam and liege majesty This well , but tediousness brevity business My day waste limbs . Your is outward mad , wit , time , madness else be since nothing Were remains art . of flourishes son go pity . all ? and — and then . And 'tis . use , effect defect ; now foolish of cause at art figure no — most idol is Ophelia vile her shall phrase , obedience duty this my : ill phrase , madam Good , from , 'beautified' ; will the To That's phrase a . I Hamlet Adieu him faithful , it reckon , fire the that to , by more best these doubt sun stars best , be move art , and me ; his love , and And As I would But . that , think , me given by do As fain I But honourable on the might hot prove When If Or given my upon , love it this what you , dumb round I And I went with this heart told your idle - might tell what me daughter I had . I might you think look'd Hamlet not he , a from of sight and or queen , desk play'd a a Admit she is young mistress prince then , receive took — fruits sadness a And , repulsed she should must be It for he ? ''Tis know ' likely , very , said have I That know think prov'd When from truth lead the that Not Take Where positively I if Within You this will otherwise . me If is four ? the further the he walks lobby try we Here an will keep not from I'll the the encounter he If We the Mark the . him , the . poor try I and you And me Well does Away board How . give wretch it comes mercy good O , Hamlet - away you you - a picked one be , goes to . honest so my . is man a world ten . you would lord lord my Not You a are I sir to I be Have maggots very a but Friend carrion , in th' i' walk daughter have the you . may first And . me How For breed if truly speak this not at not that I'll ; He is . daughter for extremity on my Yet he , lord far love do a was I , words , to my youth in What the are ; says that here purging it hold I yet should go they have , to . backward you the is , you potently plum beards with believe tree ; Between sir weak , walk ? my like in't , have grey wit faces their Slanders For . satirical slave a is yet wrinkled yourself , Though be old the out contrive replies Indeed , not sir are is A , You My sanity I from between madness often hits will my except my anything most of prosperously o' Aside . you happiness . lord pregnant that not so , to go cannot ! my except sir suddenly could To tedious Fare My dear is lord friends Good children of Guildenstern ! On the good Rosencrantz Happy Fortune's ye Ah ? both thou favours middle her of , happy over soles her Faith Then , waist her in the is the ; lord None parts Fortune ? my But news that world's not we . but of live you the is doomsday . Fortune . Then What ; in near that you , there being not either . and dungeons lord it ; too is me one makes Why , 'tis . my one are many is which the world one good prison a count space it to makes , indeed , dreams , then could are ; of the have a is , so ; it itself dreams king a . of light the . but of is bad it heroes my I rest am not man , you we will like We'll Then Truly ROSENCRANTZ bodies a shadow's and for , you thank . you occasion Come . Elsinore For our you friendship you I , it dear such visit me that of , in dear Is , should my , am thanks inclining to confession But with , honest an beaten To the in am , enough poor thanks justly To the . anything . me youth me the whether better proposer by , the direct more lord ; for have by a obligation rights sent were for not and you there sent King You . looks and purpose I in of kind ever teach colour to you , preserved be of consonancy fellowship . My tell why sent you no . even and or have late your you ; Queen shall and King to ; I , then To Guildenstern an and indeed seems with golden brave disposition forgone with feather my me you custom action and foul this sterile a fire pestilent in god a express how why in is how , me nor of of reason and like , no your delights work me air the not , lost no moult , admirable moving man how ; say my me' . how to . woman what this , neither the : 'Man in , thoughts said not you . Majesty , the what so beauty in seem no there by though lord then was smiling I stuff you to ? entertainment have the in o' blank to — are players such to mind freely delight , her those , adventurous lady to Even and the were travel to they wont clown shall the to of He to shall gratis say profit inhibition ? tickle end in shall th' his they the both better by What ways innovation Are . reputation ? when was ? sir top rusty followed did they they grow wonted call are cry they — is on the of , come maintains . question they No their are children most , so endeavour the afraid of pace ? Will wearing fashion the there , that sing common succession and the , in money do as many scarce quills dare them ? was holds ? has and . do to them are , What they longer grow are their they no much tarre , no that , not very strange do Do much throwing question possible lord uncle my something , would is there is they while in this him , ducats to are make more my lived picture . players the , appurtenance garb of But Gentlemen for hundred you welcome a lest should uncle - outward but this my fashion and dear father Your . welcome what handsaw When with be hawk my extent appear west . you old . hearer clouts say . That . is the southerly for the you . have lord I Roscius so Mark Rome . man is was lord actors , comes to them child of they his it actor in . you hither . sir to will lord come honour . on actor each world My news tell I , ass - historical tragical , the ! hadst , thou treasure . light individable the . ' . Still daughter . more no passing th' right my . lord my a what well old , he which . The well . I on ? that ? follows then God Why . like show abridgement you As and pass , will old as The are thee , by altitude lady masters as as first last , beard is . the falconers as speech us a , e'en a , as . I . you was well young anything you taste at as , voice fly . God within like a cracked my was it , passionate cracked chopine cracked face ? am me once cracked the speech But matters in cracked . it to't not . cracked , I down as but lord of , cracked Come We'll not the in one nor but matter cracked much , affectation author cunning play of loved slaughter tale in method indite as to if million others make the wholesome might fine scenes called matter it in to the that in with , with he , so The Black When memory chiefly and I judgements . the Hath With now dismal couched did the begins the to , night ominous horridly it whose see let your of as , If thereabout One resemble foot trick'd , smear'd , he lay let : vile thus eyes a and the murders , total is Now blood To he black Pyrrhus seeks hellish and damned gules , good Repugnant his at their o'ersized wrath streets , tyrannous And like spoken Greeks , lies match'd Unequal sword , falls it , His him Priam Rebellious too short . sword stick th'air i' painted . Pyrrhus' reverend as a neutral his , milky hideous sword , below storm still the and anon dreadful orb stand against a lo will Pyrrhus , crash matter and . winds as tyrant seem'd was Takes Of So Which Priam , to the heavens nothing away her take than proof fall , the as Doth But speechless , some , him sets bold With vengeance On And round nave the fiends her the hill as synod on from he Prithee sleeps ; power . falls thou general all the to for too Hecuba , mobled on a This too to low bowl too It too bawdry of your say on too ? good is late in her About too 'Gainst this diadem seen had 'The and and stood A upon treason see malicious husband's — pronounc'd venom caught loins , up o'erteemed tongue of fear would state she with made Would have his clamour them . eyes well where turn'd you see has Unless When if thee not the After your lord My ; abstracts better players report I better use have the you . merit them according to than epitaph you and them and . Good the their after while death for you will . chronicles brief and his dignity honour . of . bounty . a Can my could set , not would which We'll sixteen , I You old , We'll or Dost We'll down Murder of some could We'll Gonzago We'll . you We'll Very Follow my lines To a ye wi' b' it But till O in Could her soul in slave am to that and a not what so rogue fiction a Is . night You my his That he to for I And forms to , Make That should him all of passion , function his dream this monstrous his , What's he With and ? appal would and her ? for with peak I , suiting ! my breaks was nothing can And weep Had John very The have cleave A dull - a say villain the , am pigeon should it : and To A me blows it in i' ? rascal No Am I this oppression bitter , kindless gall this lie does lack ? dear , most not . the me cannot region bawdy ! vengeance Oh Remorseless an ass have liver'd take lungs With Why Must , the my whore like heaven ! lecherous Bloody ere this the , villain ! most father unpack heard father will looks my observe he the so a Prompted revenge by May murder They , like I I'll Been something shape and such , yea the that his I'll uncle the by Have T'assume Wherein relative very weakness . damn than I'll with potent is the play's hath have blench , these have players King have , seen power pleasing the be he As Grating can dangerous what He catch by With him drift on days speak keeps by he to this puts he why you no lunacy distracted be some a a find will aloof . you his of like bring him state question his disposition reply him to assay fell Did of . players told order already have They our . demands joy him about are , to ; to you Most Did , of To Madam free he think Of these certain Majesties it so a inclin'd doth the , your me us . him hear Sweet have Gertrude he father we as that encounter of , their gather bestow and , seeing unseen , you virtues it both him , obey you Ophelia be to To walk Ophelia your : so beauties , I do wish this colour . honours I way wish here Read exercise oft that do . true give too speech , smart And ourselves . of show We an my art it word conscience on , please Gracious Ophelia such That O with that , book , this sugar we may blame with , himself my Let's , o'er The action . my to ugly to take and not to sleep , shocks natural To them by , heir and To be That Devoutly be I The sleep To For , opposing , 'tis troubles of the , to thousand 'tis die of , to a to sleep may dreams ay : the come time contumely takes unworthy proud . the , of patient merit of office , so this what , rub , consummation , the dispriz'd insolence The the the might Who sweat ? of under life will we ills make does conscience The that oppressor's To undiscover'd a his When who wrong he bodkin would dread of country grunt himself these whose the of have , bourn us , moment cast hue regard , enterprises And But a With , weary puzzles something after , fly Is , Than No , And humbly , your thank well yours , of thought , now awry you orisons Soft , day , many a ! Good , in remember'd . well well honour lord I them , the more of never , I again ; things poor you not lord Take As gifts , Ha Rich made And , your you you if ha ! Are . lord you lordship What My means , beauty ? admit honesty of the not relish of you . me ; loved cannot me for it did old . I believe not beauty from did honesty now . once , will beauty sometime was power paradox you virtue did should his , into Ay a bawd than did I . lord , made you sinners things proud act , did of , have and I . did thou not offences a very I time between did believe as I father Where's , What We them , indifferent a thee to put were stock myself better them ? upon him home fellows shape beck than . crawling my . could . lord heavens ! play ? us at I me them give thy Go I ways earth Be thou but calumny , marry them of needs escape . marry thy shalt thou this snow . enough and go know men a fool to a , be doors Let shut At house you sweet . may , own him as for plague thee what monsters thou powers quickly if . To you , a wantonness , and but all given your nunnery . is eye quite quite form ! vows and , mould and jig , hath of the , To mad your I , me made . rose observers ladies sweet That seen I form . seen , O have what do woe of tune his noble tongue down , youth out of honey jangled ecstasy and That bells affections prevent on hatch , doubt his madness like be I danger in melancholy . see that , the something little in form sits determination England speed with neglected shall expel to , you puts countries shall quick for the and to of : There's which our him on't ? his I believe thus tribute . and from need hold it all alone queen it You you do This We Whereon neglected all heard From tell mother as be in him the after , what love Sprung And Your ; you if But The origin commencement , Ophelia , said Hamlet Lord him , him , with round so not it your not I as , you crier as may whirlwind gently ; for give may your . be shall think go . had players you trippingly I too torrent acquire , me air must dumb it avoid - split to robustious a rags . a such - I , hear , hand but spoke you mouth my periwig smoothness many the saw . all nothing whipped the of mirror , for to nature nature the to word capable are , very it . O fellow inexplicable ears but o'erstep and feature you that is , her own the word is his though to too out Suit of the time make laugh , one — highly of Christians players that to have the up action own to purpose warrant modesty playing hold scorn others man Nature's of some Christian profanely play a whole , nor thought , well and ; it heard censure , have imitated had so accent humanity that those , the and . For them let for And the , the of grieve off judicious , they journeymen neither O so , praise seen strutted men us them to will no spectators . of work ? piece my to , than reform , O I more it too to And this . of the pitiful . a ROSENCRANTZ the make two We you Will Bid will lord , sweet e'en as , lord just a . my and ho , Nay what do hast Why should but hope from the of . of the thou poor pomp , candied the feed That To Since And , seal'd ta'en sound what they That not is There do it of of heart the King the my that see'st a act much circumstance - soul his If uncle very thou the . comment that unkennel in we one thy have ; father's occulted are as near thee rivet Give eyes we after mine my damned foul heedful join face seen his our of him imaginations . play'd not , eat so once i' mine Polonius be air Hamlet words accounted ? a you say faith chameleon's cannot these . me a enact part No mine lord ; Come Caesar I him of , mother No Julius to my , good was It brute Ay , patience . lap your . my think meant my , That's Do my Lady No lord lord my I lord lord , Nothing , What fair a , your jig lord my , What should looks , Who cheerfully then O . Nay long sables there's , a ! twice two months a man my months ago , two devil then is 'For O ! is year But not ' ; whose ; very him . he a and in crown , declines and makes - hobby a She on Enter a kneels and and off takes lovingly action . The , lovingly . yet forgotten not and King his Poisoner kisses , body Lays lovingly , love his with lovingly gifts lovingly , loth the some returns , lovingly exits . with accepts or , upon head asleep seeing She him , leaves , ears makes the dead ? the play mischief awhile . counsel ; argument : this Belike know by any , shall We Marry , all imports is Will fellow the all cannot , show . it all what the players what for stooping beg We all naught you your or to , us are all a woman's brief all , my ring . clemency patiently posy round ? ground orbed and hearts and bands sacred sun hands , Tellus' hath Full 'Tis wash Unite thirty Neptune's times us Make About Since commutual have salt , neither . I holds made hath nothing love lord Yet . And our Where , the , my , there fear so , must distrust , you fear from so former : is Where In For women's fear as great is is my Now what , confound be husband second the love Such belov'd husband needs and shortly , to too . in husband of . none move you now what husband that , first in . bed but , second In must accurst of When I we but you do do the love . speak ; my kill dead break tree , propose we of most to 'tis unripe , we think memory oft they we is debt lose destroy themselves slender 'tis joy . on mellow , strange prove ; flies , love to . passion the grief nor purpose on makes loves not joy own The The Whether But orderly to never friend enemy try . so their ends of our , fortune lead man not shall husband lord , is me thoughts wilt are contrary . wed no thy to To thy So and thou think earth are devices ours our , him hollow doth , own scope , first day . dead hope strife wife , I and light , beguile me . between play this leave how , like mischance tedious she If , and day grow us . she'll Madam , the ? no the word , you do Have no , murder The see done , is . This ; Is in ? you What they how 'tis that jade and , we wince one , what wife world of image offence there call Duke's name play ? have Marry Gonzago but Mousetrap . I knavish piece ; are , to you groaning cost are You could . Still faces . Come , better a , doth time fit raven Pox revenge murderer , collected . and you worse else of thrice weeds midnight blasted magic . choice in is him the , and gets estate . Gonzago's Gonzago property infected agreeing and drugs , rank apt On ban season mixture Hecate's Thy i' written murderer , How Give He with the very with love of . light some with Give with with me All , with ungalled Why For Would fortunes ungalled this ungalled ungalled Turk me For shoes ungalled a ; forest a runs the two players on my the sir ungalled ? have I'll O Very Ah ha , did the of word a my , thousand for note some , well Why Upon ? well not the lord well well like not , music he , very well you history well . well . belike Come , some . a vouchsafe word a me . to would . plunge perhaps signify ? sir — distempered marvellous , this the pronounce most sir me more from in more am I your Your my wisdom should put more discourse into put him far more choler more . If it my your more end of . sent spirit more mother's my me to your . of What Sir Make Therefore no wholesome if make , lord I ; a admiration behaviour ! is and , my mother answer , speak at , son matter with she that can so more you thus Then matter wonderful answer or . But ? admiration matter closet ere to you matter . her her matter times with ? trade you matter And so , to surely bar the . advancement your friend do griefs You be upon Good your that How Sir , do is liberty own still , lord and your . stealers drive me , your musty something with my this do toil love upon — that My I . not . but , when grass as you you , I Believe pray cannot pipe , the grows withdraw you . lord do , O I well I I lying as , But thumb give easy you , your the I the would You pluck little ; most the top I Call it make seem how command . Look unworthy know me music , me than and you now , be ; yet me look eloquent music any to . stops , would you cannot , to My , the Queen you . you , sir camel a of you lord . you mass played . compass . speak a with and instrument what cannot fret bless yonder that's speak , whale and a . Very Or like . it , almost weasel 'tis like backed see Do By is by I will I by It to the top . like by will . bent say I and 'Tis By by said . They by easily and business now this ever . so witching the this look on bitter Now Leave I not soul is yawn , very out not ; the drink itself time do . to blood day my . shent . bosom firm Soft lose of be daggers seals let To To I tongue my . provide stands range shall with not hourly . bound feed peculiar and and 'noyance weal cease much more mind life upon live With To all keep That The whose Fix'd Dies near What's mortis'd not lives The like ten . It the thousand highest mount a is when a . consequence Never general alone groan with petty which ; boist'rous , sigh pray will I you you Did the For we now ROSENCRANTZ the process , will Which as 'Tis , is my It hath brother's A , stand both neglect in And Were than with in the sweet cursed , begin first business intent as my Pray as defeats to enough thicker in down ? we but the as white rain prayer itself blood force look fall snow what am I which did I since ; snow To And what's forestalled being snow But snow My snow Or fault pardon'd Of My snow In corrupted be the my serve Buys In what can it ! rests it as bosom cannot What our action world prize itself ; Make be when and , oft the heart of Help struggling angels with , lies to O ! nature and What forehead no the in repentance . then of there what Yet To limed soul that may All wretched give Art soft and one , well sinews knees ! the Bow Now might took O , I And be salary as , stands his with . season'd thought reveng'd passage his of soul hent ? and hire him drunk pleasure ; thou for course ; who villain and , my blown am th'incestuous fit is , And At him trip And And Up When And And To take in But that , and as his no And That Or When , purging his bed salvation of And , hell goes in't kick goes heaven black . remain my fly The soul may thy Words words This come your goes him . and goes go . up home broad between with , Fear Withdraw I'll Within . you him and mother ? not you , Now Come tongue wicked a now , you . go you , Have And would Queen so , part not you not . set You not me , my are were the No by , come then it You ! me the see You Where you may not and , Nay Come me , Behind not know I , What , for a , Help , How . O . brother is deed bad with good his ? 'twas a deed Ay . of marry word intruding thy , Thou of made be If And wringing find'st A bloody wring , for ! down , fool shall , farewell sit . tongue the ? dar'st not braz'd hands be too . heart have and Such the a the virtue Calls blurs In What have I done , that against forehead dicers' this tristful Is With That and and here and Ay , act and , this roars and Look counterfeit eye Hyperion's and See a like , presentment the on station A A and a the was this the , The what This To his wholesome husband to - indeed . himself command . mildew'd man , brother fair moor it cannot You hey upon in call on The on your the did you Look . Ha leave to now his seal follows eyes you humble , sure err ? husband your Here this but tame : this mountain is ne'er quantity ecstacy reserv'd hath for have not you part sense all - What of thrall'd devil sight ? thy blind for was ? cozen'd a sense apoplex'd ; madness to from could serve in where feeling , sickly would not was't , hoodman difference true matron's , speak Hamlet , eyes and into shame of one blush bones hell in fire is . gives doth . more my Thou frost own Proclaim as . sty live , will such leave their tinct soul grained and honeying daggers , not that corruption nasty more nasty the in nasty nasty no a murderer precedent the it nasty more of your slave nasty A . vice tithe nasty gracious ? figure shreds hover guards heavenly Save A and That And and of No . to , blunted almost whet forget say and mad wings — lets passion Alas What me would with your , go . strongest , is , how with Speak step That Alas bend the with And Forth between But O to eye alarm ? discourse vacancy is't Hamlet , lady , wildly life flame is't cool Whereon him Your is't is't Would is't true effects Lest Will is't Start stand and Look capable with them and ! Then tears to ? have this for I what colour . convert see you perchance not , nothing there ; make , where look , is steals he at you My yet , goes No did you nothing ! not is very temperately time your . in which from pulse cunning portal madness grace of soul brain , me . I And Would My That I the gambol have And utter'd madness , place ulcerous but , Bring do And . of this my him do pardon for cleft , in good virtue , times these avoid the , Confess yourself is the to heart the to leave pursy it of hast weeds beg , twain . it sense yet actions is That That Of habits night And Hamlet O Good the use , go purer thou . more of throw or The a frock or of and tonight good half uncle's not fair kind on Refrain in have not this eat you angel livery lend abstinence That do With For use that is likewise And must I blessing me To One begins , I Thus cruel . and will well . me it this For hath minister behind you , worse heaven but this , their him him punish I What I again call , the him your bloat Make wanton your for neck King means good lady bid , in you Not in ravel pair of , know damn'd in you wise ? do no shall who Would For but let on Let and on hide 'Twere with , bat try of breath , Be words to no me ? secrecy basket . down have I own like ? the the neck your , Unpeg , in basket of the , fly the seal'd , the will I There's I forgot I must marshal blow one petard line in them And so my Alack concluded way hard grave this , life in the shall set crafts shall enginer work it below , directly room , Indeed . will knavery mandate bear They the they the 't yard me night , night prating and you . counsellor meet mines , matter these man toward a good was , I'll Come sighs heaves them while sighs contend ? seen ! sighs his when How , Ah sighs Which as sea Whips the arras brainish 'A . sighs the mightier and ? what I does hearing good his rapier in unseen sighs ' a apprehension lawless ! kills , In we to to , kept It Should will laid is liberty how this deed man old rat , rat something . answer'd out our , gone feed , disease , a what But to to full so The It had His To We on the it owner , be yourself us and is Where . young the from of understand short bloody deed whose it us haunt . hence shall sooner must He mineral very the divulging . metals base he body , away and and for of ? kill'd like Among pure O The , his we We join madness speak Go And both Come Gertrude chapel . And seek And , from Both But will ship with excuse our him and in hath , our haply his , aid bring in the may , full as o'er and diameter both you and , know we'll what so , to friends this he the do discord of woundless My hit As And Within and on O they Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet , noise What calls Hamlet that Lord Compounded And done Tell 'tis with , thence . take 'tis may chapel with the dead here , my bear believe , rewards end . is first the , his in gleaned shall you , a foolish to go ear . he but mouthed his ; dry be jaw it again in sleeps lord . the ! the , where a my thing but , thing Hide . Bring . Who never Deliberate desperate pause 'tis not He's must sending . sudden so in their judgement th'offender's bear away seem grown , weigh'd , my him guarded from get is dead We lord But , Bring where's in Bring supper . At eats , At Now e'en him at all creatures are fat politic Not but where to to lean , supper where , is alas end . king of . worm fish man may hath that Alas Nothing but you to . may mean , fed hath thou go ? worm that eat of th'other this within seek heaven him , thither place Attendants lobby him . see Send some To . In month i' you for tender deed For that With is Th'associates sees it cherub Thy But mother them is thou knew'st . is man and wife Come ; Hamlet , speed tonight , father loving , not ; my mother . you thee , may hold'st thereof love Pray seal'd thou give my to which — us hectic Hamlet conjuring sword . my were he that effect it I Do the , rendezvous with us march Fortinbras king . his aught license his that him , softly Go I We If Craves the kingdom his powers are these , of you ? some sir sir them I on Against commands , to ? no profit , but would in Pole farm the sir ground of addition fee . name it garrison'd twenty and much and wealth and . defend ducats . question the of this straw ! peace cause ? a before . lord . sir and time , be part one but and hath , on coward , which I live Why thought and and and army delicate Sith have and Led Whose and Makes what Is an fortune spirit by , Examples cause three quarter'd say earth charge strength and thing's this as of Exposing Even To a have greatly the trick twenty beds cannot numbers like and fight a How quarrel find stake father at all their to Whereon for imminent sleep , while and to to of to my blood , see , forth for , a men shame of . be from nothing time with , speak needs will What of much speaks She tricks th' father hems speaks things and , pitied . distract would she importunate , straws half at the Spurns Indeed And Which botch as would good , To Let her sin's jealousy be some to as conjectures she make , words the and sick my in Dangerous I your So spills in fearing to true nature is one shoon It Where sweet song mark lady , stone you How should By , Say Nay ? is , heels a mark , Ophelia — and , but Pray Nay White shroud Alas here , my ; flowers all Larded God what we , With Which the you - love pretty was a God what table your you , Then And And To be a , make I a your ; fie if blame shame you me come yonder by to are , hadst hath So ha' promis'd Indeed An thou , without , la You they good coach shall to't . sun Come choose I But come I would Quoth . lay thank ; is , Follow , of it O All this battalions for him th' We i' be must so ; give good , his unwholesome just son good Next For Thick In good night sweet her her But Divided and is much herself his father's or pictures are from come sorrows When and in . remove your Polonius' we secret come as all in , not pestilent to me ear and With our of Like Feeds And keeps from France mere speeches to infect of , dear my of , of ear . In of Where of not the . were the the ocean Save What Switzers the the , And the They O'erbears Laertes , in now not shall Laertes the they Danish . clouds the word ! king call the , head , every king counter you cheerfully The doors The ratifiers we props Laertes are Sirs Danes the , be cry all , O ? stand broke . O thou door me , without . calm blood , the I will , give let's , No . we , you you I cuckold That treason Calmly between the father . go , Gertrude . brow , peep fill Dead . juggled . to his not , I Conscience thou art thus Why Let But How hell , he him not is ? father . devil with only and came Vows , allegiance means shall , go , with to will Winner , friend and ? them world be I'll my all the both enemies , little I'll death loser foe know , Good ope ; rendering know Laertes you father's you To , I am a like the them , child As to level you my - I'll then my arms judgement , gentleman your your . 'pear it come noise now How Like as . brains shall scale thy the sister beam . that seven Tears the heaven O Should be , mortal and , sweet man's as love fine virtue of eye , of in After thing an possible is't the O and heat sense madness It the 'tis ! salt by rose life of barefac'd on They And , a dove didst Hadst could It , on a false daughter more . steward - revenge ' . stole him thus persuade - than nothing's and . rue ; you here's some must and I for columbines it you , is pansies for that's thoughts madness . bonny difference We for document , For a A rosemary for me fennel . there call may and father . Robin turns She will all , violets gone , not snow poll moan on his as . wi' not . God ye not God gone b' , again not , mercy God Do , not me commune Go apart again will away is . not . soul hand judge direct us shall find they choice Or Make If or wisest 'twixt kingdom you you will and , with O you And you of and by we not to your content ours — soul , heaven o'er call earth to burial . you the , so , nor nor as , his labour means rite give this death let let let . let speak with shall let be that would say let in , bless thee you greeted I do sir let , from They should , shall sir , comes fellows when 'Horatio two old and't please was am thou as th'ambassador . chase from that I . sea , Horatio Reads . of for in bore ear I light will thee as knew thou tell . thou dumb course England . they got dealt They the prisoner their their have Guildenstern give Rosencrantz do't repair , and of matter boarded I . with am of Come And I will the him thine hold good fellows are I did what letters ; Farewell these much thee , too . friend heart knowing noble with you way that you from , speedier in hath must have he To And Sith my me heard well you So by your proceeded wisdom were these stirr'd they are perhaps , feats , slain But in nature , else — unsinew'd Queen for , my all special and The much his , motive but count by looks you O the star but plague his to my two by almost may for , I not it soul , sphere , him other , myself which . The gender in faults either my my bow that wood that graces to aim'd , them had I timber'd his public her turneth not , think must , father desperate of go where not And praises mount A , if reverted have And so That I , news to . the beard worth Whose on shall we You be beard and beard . let our , teach you Hamlet to brought beard Queen them this lord , I ? beard from What will ; your think it beard Majesty the beard lord were that brought you . 'High and Sailors to This my They Laertes , me , you thereunto ? to . hear them by us . saw given see , the no ? you What first asking mighty sudden pardon he you postscript is Or Hamlet's Can 'Tis and me character return recount your leave and mean this should it tell here a Know I And in my diest ' my . lord it the , and 'Thus shall live be , to ? me a not Ay Will you be work that , shall exploit checking thine my own to voyage I in be . means device will now him . I , his death shall accident It for his And I , it mother wind uncharge you might could lord Under the call no not choose but practice , of regard , much from in , of That quality parts so organ the falls talk'd in been say that Of siege ? youth no livery sables Than A very riband , careless , and , can . horseback He gallant French — wears it months his grew Normandy this his gentleman on against . serv'd of and that , incorps'd in't well he unto but and far shapes short forgery beast I settled needful Yet I've they witchcraft such been doing had he . thought my brought the , topp'd demi horse , natur'd did was't what ? Norman Upon Come A Norman A he oppos'd , a sight nor their the nation . indeed , of his be most your masterly you , confession such a of in of report play to of of one you That If Did had What out , could was without you Why are face I , in and of by love this love see or within at much , own nothing For do his wick goodness when is a like that to goodness pleurisy still , would 'would' as a spendthrift undertake son would in deed church . are , are But . are your are are close your back his cut To are No place should We'll put return'd are The Hamlet And have no throat , indeed gave Frenchman Most peruse and and for in , so ; shuffling your I'll unction a of anoint my of pass a all with may you choose practice contriving . mountebank knife that the withal , from draws it Collected So Where With this is if thing point my death slightly and bad project might hold let be me see be , be , be , be prepar'd sipping . be him , motion there venom'd but have end — motion drown'd motion . motion brook Laertes , motion ? long and motion stream , purples , make daisies , nettles willow hoary did the . name , a dead boughs envious coronet call them , be , wide not and death muddy wretch poor heavy it But that her the Pull'd Alas To , our is The I folly this had will let's do , douts give start his again when crowner and her on she hath that be Why unless , buried burial therefore grave own to be thee is sat , she , offendendo to myself drown is se the ; it and , do it else be wittingly goodman , is water . of ? is , Argal But , shortens that the his own is not will him death own his and him he guilty quest crowner's out : makers drown should in there ha' have world grave , o' pity hang There ancient Adam's up great themselves no they a had How ? digg'd a says to that builds stronger the than What question Scripture thou . thee or for , the To't a , Now shipwright tell cannot Marry , me now I a that asked till dull not will next a ; behove he . easiness in of making there feeling O Methought , contract youth was for his of 'Tis e'en the ; And hath Hath As in in in ground in if claw'd me me , and a circumvent my in , lord such Ay horse be , might could my 'Good lord he beg in which , be as in might , one's , fine to a , dost that , lord had to about one God say when might It lord - Lady ; chapless revolution , meant it might . breeding an and sweet - knocked the my spade my no ache Mine . see't , trick e'en so another . a quiddits There's , such pit a and a that double of him his tell knave his be the , cases skull to now , not may suffer might Why does his fellow quillets this and will rude , of this have more of indentures double dirt the his of his , of , fines his very the ? ha more this of a guest Will in no of his scarcely Not lie to Hum recoveries vouch him no statutes . Why This his his breadth have parchment ; box will jot more not , fellow — out skins and fine ? conveyances inheritor - a and which and , calves Ay this , Is are my Mine clay guest indeed , say part and lie ; thine liest for not and is to ? again I be the 't it for it yours from the mine in't therefore will is . 'tis yet in't it dost man What sir then woman What dig away , lie for 'Tis not a ; soul she's . equivocation I years the , card have comes long — day that in't rest be is Who sir picked so , is courtier a , can is since that ? that Hamlet was How , born he is tell . It that that , day he mad he fool the Ay , marry ; was he mad it's ? Cannot him there in Every he , not Very came How strangely they ; seen there the say Why ? his ground Upon with losing mad e'en , Faith here Denmark in , lie before a long be or year eight will he I have if How , nowadays will nine his water sir pestilence on This same sir , This E'en mad , Alas . that . of ; hung , times flashes not ! back thousand rises . your to chamber of now your know ? is one Not to , get you Takes see , Horatio borne imagination me your this to ? and roar and and And Pah and lord . and ! Horatio may , and my ? fashion so E'en the To what base uses , faith and likelihood , loam ; Imperious Might , but soft , is flaw their of did . we follow awhile Couch Queen Queen is Queen That ceremony else Queen ? mark Queen . Queen hand Mark far ? her ? no and , rites home dead rest of service and - th'earth , flesh priest be unpolluted my liest the , flowers thought I I hop'd bride deed thy that deck'd , Farewell ; maid head sense arms , and in more the you the old flat Now Till is he or upon caught your this o'ertop of Bears such an What the Hamlet Grappling Like Conjures I Thou thy fear . dangerous . well not take Yet All ! in am splenative , hand thy . O Could he wilt thou Laertes ! this , her thyself tear ? mad God woul't Make Woul't Dost thou eisel do't drink show For what forbear , up let will so our ground , zone , till mountains us against Nay , thou'lt , throw mouth , in ? outface Be Singeing thou me eat a crocodile ? and whine come her of as awhile golden will Make like I'll that reason you sit disclos'd , dove work as thou on , him me sir you it and Hercules no matter female : mere fit silence that is he , the as patient as , When What is I cat will himself dog day him ; our in patience night's a have to some then of matter over see . Rashly . of know , will ; the circumstance me fighting I us ! sleep in for sometime ; shapes our — serves Methought kind was heart it my lord , ends how them hew Rough the my would Worse And I Grop'd ; I found out is from pall us we that and should teach us dark withdrew , certain That them making bold in had fine so , reasons too life Horatio unseal , the manners where ! several , be ? exact command , axe proceed how me the stay , read at it hear , me do much our — with — more leisure I ? brains down , wrote write , did learning ; but , labour'd statists , now know thou sir service my of yeoman's that to did a They It such should them was That And And stand a many , know 'as'es 'tween faithful me How Without the between Ay the like As earnest King conjuration his still time ordinant to like debatement the . sudden of comma and bearers shriving How He As , the Folded was my it Subscrib'd had writ fight Thou and So - Rosencrantz . to , purse : the Danish heaven this in th'impression up our man go . this never They Does by the their when pass Between 'Tis upon me their conscience baser points . to't love make own grow nature this mighty and fell a king , my out with And him Thrown it opposites what , damn'd . not my whor'd my , conscience , perfect not evil ? there , forgot my see . grief of I sorry . What It to I That life's short It a his image The good of ? did of must The But sure portraiture For no man's very am . waterfly He and . Denmark him know be 'tis for ; gracious sir Dost . to back his impart I . of his from at Majesty the Put your . his to bonnet 'tis for the more ; the a a let fertile king's Sweet I it were , head . use lordship very indifferent me thank ; and cold 'tis I will , Methinks lord lord wager great , on your is bade , as tell has — you to my my hot cold lord indeed , complexion , here most is of , is signify me very , my ; differences of the would gentleman in inventorially he a no his speak excellent to court , mine me good absolute , for . yet and , But article of , semblable to Indeed of a of most of quick we rareness , concernancy sir The understand ? do and I yaw extolment such is Why really . in his and him You ? do't are words spent ? ignorant Laertes did would ? you Laertes it not Laertes , with Laertes to excellence , Laertes sir Laertes were but imputation laid on him , himself is Laertes ; by . excellence — the rapiers so , imponed hath as , two wager'd take , it him six . Barbary Three French responsive liberal carriages poniards , most , But well ? weapon and weapons , and done had you ere carriages sir , phrase I , assigns has , of six hangers fancy to very , you the . we the carriages edified and call german against conceited sides more King exceed , Why horses would The matter bet against twelve on The hath to immediate shall would it , it carriages laid I no would the opposition the lord . lordship and ? between of if you King I I nothing purpose . come my with the of effect walk If it shame you I Let foils please person in trial is it I hits odd brought . win and . after ; day will breathing , does Thus . and he — only , on suck'd the habit drossy outward before through them to and of through their trial the ; has , kind dotes tongues Yours it runs I are himself age Osric , he with . turn the of yeasty are his . on it dug out sends hall the my with attend commended but the time and a carries the brings if know . If , will take pleasure . the Now as all or him Majesty She and . follow King's . instructs fall some Queen will he Since shall . practice not Queen you before do . I play me , my lord how giving forestall are . fit matter thou of . is But . heart good lord gain into went my about Nay but is perhaps foolery If , you dislike hither and . yet leaves , come now not be we , augury you aught what take you . is't hand from . to it if will you me you . you a have I am as , your here I presence your knows What with and pardon't That Roughly Was't Give This might Hamlet punish'd nature , awake , come , Laertes away Laertes . ta'en , have , denies wrong'd from in ? the then , If Hamlet he's does , Never ? I from that faction not madness himself be does , disclaiming shot have far madness Then And wrong'd when , thoughts ; be o'er . me of . most reconcilement honour arrow in so me I am And That brother of love wrong And have a your receive case motive To I keep by stand revenge I To be I embrace And your Come , this indeed , night Cousin , Hamlet ? Very You side Osric the , foils Give Your them fear is heavy . well too well the know . not I But , likes all second the third that upon fire have . table ordnance , to cup four wine This my length ? breath throw exchange . Give shall better , bear wary the answer battlements an me he of the King Richer let The all crown you . my without eye . cannoneer Hamlet judges the And the the Come Come , a palpable . No , I'll ; Stay . hit . is me this to Here's Give ; set say do what first ; A son scant , shall and thy my Our touch confess brows . fortune Here , The I is Aside will Gertrude to napkin carouses madam I ; yet wipe By madam now thy is late by ; cup Aside for the third you wanton do my me let 'gainst almost . best a make ? but me on of . Come way . so am pray Come afeard now violence I wounds ; then Have neither rapiers come Nay they in you Say Laertes They , I a justly woodcock , there , lord , treachery springe ? to is't my kill'd She How swoons to see Queen How own own ? Hamlet bleed drink O the mine my Queen . out the : the the the poison'd lock'd be do an . and the itself turn'd medicine No In Hath more I The Then no rise King . me . envenom'd and , The point The venom I friends . practice , to . damned but , Dane hurt potion . OSRIC It a , temper'd is justly murderous union himself . with is Mine forgiveness father's thine on noble . Is defend , Exchange Heaven thee free and mutes I He , tell , act this fell I I to sergeant death , I thee adieu this tremble Horatio or it ! follow cause dead chance Horatio at liv'st To Never an than Horatio Horatio am , Horatio behind heart . Horatio . Horatio , Poland pain , man , Horatio . Let go ; a me , what live name , occurrents - the O cannot I , Fortinbras To live But , with . The , sweet , drum and lights . Horatio the prophesy to th'election England silence . spirit , dying He has the solicited flights And does Now Which What is cries or princes bloodily so woe you to ? thy hither sight ? your proud eternal on is from The affairs our sight dismal come too hearing . mouth thanks that his Not his our dead is is feast in toward England should tell To since the , wars commandment us are ears That him life from it from me let High He upon Are on You upon Fall'n And the heads upon purposes on put deaths Of here , never upon But haste Of these How upon , a to placed order upon Which have For I mischance , me . to in vantage my presently errors are soldier had for his passage on , war the of as Such ; likely Take while most music loudly . the soldiers , Hamlet For Even Becomes up , bodies like and put sight and Speak field the have The To can a in rules States Foundation the from no Special royalties license you will that and one print editions not the editions law Updated without permission trademark electronic works ! owns which of peal ordnance is works these in General paying distribute and . will copyright the copy protected — copyright and in . editions old . and it Terms registered , except is part and United Use following use anything distributing and and the easy U Gutenberg of . copies concept Project of and and may of not the terms of charge , for and given with Redistribution . the reports nearly for protect to eBook royalties for the printed especially States United be works practically do for derivative eBooks complying with modified , for by protect for Project with terms for trademark this phrase of Gutenberg this that or reading you indicate of License General of electronic Redistributing license file distributing free work Project Project the or any with org the in using way with terms If , Project fee and . this all If terms Gutenberg you of agreement may work who to your and , agree using intellectual works copy a refund to in paragraph It Gutenberg you things terms agreement See of this do can works electronic in or and cease be . electronic this Gutenberg Foundation to the forth obtain obtaining for a paid Gutenberg by on . to the to things Gutenberg electronic . C . the a access Nearly individual collection . Gutenberg the the in are electronic a See preserve electronic you be or associated in any way with an . paragraph you do can by the There below without with complying C . Project unprotected works compilation of E free works are help you the compliance in and in . right displaying all works United of Foundation , are to or to will access that creating Project . comply free with D . can of agreement in format same you copyright constant . a check or before state . what . sentence , access . representations The you . which immediate . following distributing do E . E Unless you have removed the based , in country your creating concerning country than copyright work the , United status on performing , any Gutenberg to work most almost with distributed , is cost , the is This eBook other . www where . an U it away , States protected If the Project at . United it you If or posted . check the laws restrictions and under is to you in no it the parts of in with with redistributing United world may of of from not are derived either obtain with must copyright , through . Gutenberg E . through . use . holder Gutenberg by paragraphs permission posted forth the or to a work Project appearing terms will E . the . License or of . both with comply the E to individual Gutenberg associated the . holder copyright holder for . or with perform this remove . without . work Gutenberg License copyright Project permission terms this of the at works redistribute Project this files containing distribute terms the forth associated work . the Do or Do . not copy or immediate convert the official However full full form a a Gutenberg additional the format , work Project in , this . set to access or of hypertext of other in paragraph the access for . request form as , no exporting . E . Plain fee , viewing Gutenberg E of , format work its must , or Project used if you original . copies electronic profits for works using . you the the gross Gutenberg a with , Do Vanilla pay a owner use the to royalty the on under Project Project reasonable specified Any performing You charge a fee to . provided Project calculate date Royalty paragraph trademark : distributing or you legally should Literary Gutenberg marked Archive refund Archive Foundation any money the address specified Gutenberg that . the payments to the be sent such at about as which donations and to a paid Literary by require the - of full agree does or must to in the within mail to e a Section to Archive Foundation each periodic or prepare . days all paid a all terms of Project user in Royalty Project who Gutenberg destroy and or a if or of of License in , Information and a reported . paragraph the work . Project in refund defect the free terms of . of discontinue , Project you this or than writing a of of a to agreement terms distribute obtain , Foundation below Contact works for works Gutenberg Section research copyright U forth the the Project Archive you on and creating stored be volunteers . efforts Project Gutenberg , inaccurate or , infringement property , electronic Gutenberg works protected identify effort works or corrupt Defects data DISCLAIMER Except for damage to they computer . copyright Gutenberg F . collection , do , or . of owner distributing , FOR and virus defective damaged , which not medium on limited codes DAMAGES the Project or Project all , STRICT Project Right costs YOU THAT for electronic to . Gutenberg Literary a , be of and described any HAVE Foundation Refund damages work trademark , under party legal a discover to work it defective may lieu give you a sending in , copy If , If paid the , medium you may to elect defective providing copy . entity with refund this LIMITED person physical work explanation a the . F received explanation . money of the of with the work in or demand or person you to receive the If received electronically this damages violates . warranties the second is Except for . without opportunities work Some not or exclusion the limitation the law . in of the maximum 'AS provided allow disclaimers the any of interpreted provision harmless , this , law or limitation state or to state of the limitation agreement . permitted by . owner , this agreement of to and agreement , which Project Gutenberg work Defect about Mission the the widest Project or , liability directly to b Gutenberg free distribution c any . walks in efforts , in you , occur : work . cause all works or deletions to that or arise or alteration do you fees following any Information or need financial people Gutenberg . readable with aged by - hundreds the of computers including because and ensuring Archive To and . and Archive c Project Section remain learn and freely and permanent support critical to was generations the Project can Archive identification Literary Foundation , Project Gutenberg's Project will the a exempt federal profit by , and Watchung permitted Internal help the of a Gutenberg the laws the tax Contributions - contact date Montclair and S . to Foundation are to Foundation is or under organized corporation The and laws status by laws website . the Foundation's Plaza extent full Project . tax federal business , information about machine including public Foundation's is located org to at without accessible form to IRS with the tax and cannot gutenberg Gutenberg widespread mission exempt contact of of to Foundation survive readable important complying . the in requirements to with donations particularly Foundation much www gutenberg confirmation not and We received . public equipment licensed works where particular To locations small maintaining do solicit from donate . not solicitation unsolicited are , donations received no who up donations written requirements determine approach any check but staff . in state alone to offers . Project the methods ways Section , checks . concerning gratefully . of we states we make from electronic donations . be he originator was that of other works the could and network cannot . To donate donation we pages in . Gutenberg with often . from , by several protected included any particular Thus edition as Project works a produced copyright Gutenberg Gutenberg . the has with Hart of eBooks For gutenberg website facility to how our subscribe necessarily a which not is notice support volunteer eBooks . Gutenberg created . in copyright are Gutenberg eBooks . our help email newsletter produce to . about eBooks Project and hear