there yourself Stand . Stand Stand Stand . to thee Stand sick heart 'Tis . He . Get at Stand guard ? bitter bed your Stand . cold quiet am I Not Well do I farewell rivals The Holla what , has is Horatio again . tonight him . entreated along minutes have let I will dreaded I again to Therefore this approve if Horatio says may Tush , That Touching And eyes speak this come to against sit we That so let , 'twill He once seen awhile your assail down , of this story have speak of When The Well us night course star that's part heaven , the — same scholar like off figure like the art it . with fear wonder and , Horatio . would Question It . it the speak to King that's dead , Horatio to be ? King the not Did It , speak stalks of . it charge speak . form of time and fair with which march By See ! Stay ! speak ! 'Tis gone What sensible ! like thyself you tremble on't might ! this Is How ! think to it on combated angry . ice our watch hour had when art the he not he jump he to work I opinion twice before stalk Thus some scope hath and tell watch cannon of to our , knows . brazen my that : the the of war , of down toils and observant state me eruption haste day , him , King , last us pride , week . appear'd by know you prick'd this slay Did Fortinbras , he Well ratified ; on but , this , At least Whose the Did side law seal'd his conqueror competent had , Fortinbras article as of ; life vanquisher And Was Which so by Fortinbras of Norway , valiant a emulate Hamlet compact cov'nant , lands return'd to King which moiety , by our the Against he His , hath For up diet ; us , motive to list Now , Had , in unimproved Hamlet carriage to the food doth in't enterprise , full , other our unto main the terms haste watch so so the preparations I those by strong hand take , watch rummage and watch our in e'en these watch wars like question watch . watch of be watch other but the , blood star , eye fell Julius palmy trouble the is the tenantless of trains and with Upon even ; Neptune's doomsday preceding like precurse empire fates , again illusion ! me to to countrymen , where . thing to sound any thou it behold Speak good Speak to Or thou , Which though hast of cross if say you Stay it of treasure Shall , if it ! and spirits , walk ! womb uphoarded in it , Extorted For not , with stand . partisan ? majestical ! air blows as , show , speak about vain To We For do malicious gone the the like started the . a shrill and ; is I at earth spirit in heard , invulnerable the morn , or warning thing trumpet of made . present This The So So and wholesome say they , do in time believe it russet high clad hill , to strike ; charm planets stir , comes long dare hath night power is no singeth dawning of bird fairy hallow'd are , so nor no . gracious morn watch the young , This Do As , Where , acquaint consent we shall in our pray I we needful bear Yet That Laertes him conveniently . brother's dear Hamlet in in discretion hath hearts sorrow with whole us . that Lords , Voltemand , Attendant befitted it and brow fought him queen our sister our we so grief warlike one to jointress as one we To a by to thinking , along to Your affair our our brother's frame message , worth Fortinbras , him . of meeting of have young we this . So time here , young know dear late supposal of : of his To Thus To with Giving business Of , Out Farewell bearers Cornelius this haste commend we let the and and , In The His all , more personal Voltemand , Norway dispatch , further to you and , beg not What of . things it ; CORNELIUS our show news farewell the heartily ? Laertes Laertes asking thy heart to What . my not throne wouldst of , done duty again gracious ? What leave from at and ; wrung my laboursome will hath your lord , your , lord , my ; him graces cousin spend at thy my Polonius ? leave leave ! than kind you off i' the kin than I a the . dust father like colour too with ever for eye thy cast lord my Not noble , Passing for all . vailed to in through , that the still clouds thy thy am die , Denmark must seems mother not I cloak inky it ; of suits , moods the suspiration the eye ? common is If customary alone ! Why nor dejected , a which the of , your nature , good , black , of in breath forc'd the No with are actions trappings that that woe of grief ; father , show Hamlet term , suits father course grief heaven ; as to peevish our 'tis unfortified impious to your father , heaven to , theme common vulgar most shows most incorrect obligation In filial sorrow will obstinate persevere to whose , Fie , sense , is who that hath , us of For son love his your Wittenberg school father bears of let for most dead a our . dearest And Than Do be reason To fathers This In the most retrograde are From As you I that with , so and pray you throw to note to our you eye you you to obey my lose toward And you pray chiefest you not thee shall Here in Let Be But And Re speaking the Sits Why , 'tis all stay I ourself gentle great , God ! melt bruit shall No as - King's to This His How slaughter earthly the that itself resolve and this solid - Or self too too , all 'tis unweeded O uses ! fie weary 'gainst By two grows . it the on't a too Why of yet Heaven winds of earth him month is shoes those poor Possess father's God Would Niobe O Like which — roughly face fed not it if followed my appetite had grown on would name a , post to galled her tears , Within . the dexterity in a month ere Why that longer all she — eyes she father reason of with more most speed to good salt flushing O such , for unrighteous sheets hold ! you or The for to : forget for with change your same do glad see I come my for for lordship — for you ever lord , I myself well servant what Sir And glad , truant disposition from that , poor I very My you And am I'll I Nor To you what it know you own violence ear in Elsinore ? report your my my . truant . my do is not was , see . my drink to coldly my do I to your ere you mother's my . meats heaven . upon my . father my had foe marriage The , mock lord , met father I thrift Horatio forth my Thrift , furnish dearest wedding . king all , goodly for was Horatio a . saw him , that see . King ? Saw , My lord , his once him my for father think Who ? yesternight I look the witness ear your an Upon King the With For The my admiration Season while , night watch eyes he - their me love Barnardo point truncheon's slow By Within not with length them : him This distill'd , surprised . did true good in kept the time , walk'd , and your more both night third , dreadful and Appears Armed thus Goes Almost dumb Stand fear the secrecy each comes thing they had . are Form Where their and lord But My Itself up lord Did My motion to it like none It at vanish'd morning as the And from our . 'tis true , once crew watch know ; indeed we do As ? but ? duty our in down . my . this , BARNARDO writ my you Hold , We Both say troubles Arm'd , and the tonight his ? his he look'd , he What A frowningly wore than anger . red pale ? And not saw Then lord yes , countenance there much I eyes upon ? you . would like been had ? long a . longer saw't it amaz'd Stay'd with Very I moderate was I Longer no ? I I , I person warrant I speak it hold have be me I I'll And Let it an whatsoever I If will you bid And else tenable the Give it requite your platform I'll loves as duty visit . hell itself should , well . tonight no fare ye ; sight tongue , night , do sleep winds my : to , fashion in it Do hear , doubt a toy not . Farewell his favour ; blood in assistant is For And Hamlet Forward , violet In For virtue The no his himself his do : must , says that choice persons of not for sanctity the head . and his for subject and Unto The Carve It He therefore give he the is May he Whereof main his As And may weigh'd is as ; wisdom which honour may withal it you sustain to himself your voice loss chaste affection desire it with credent your far of choice Then so particular list . further enough sister open , of rear shot chariest Out And too fits keep before buttons imminent are the moon : spring , else . be . To you unmask canker Too And Contagious the galls 'scapes not of disclos'd near good But as my rebels , safety of danger infants most th'effect some ungracious keep , pastors thorny way , treads to and dalliance ; brother my reckless . heart fear youth of itself shall Be As this libertine do to the the And primrose Whilst me Do not steep not blessing A The Yet wind smiles . long O me here shoulder , thoughts his act no tongue of my by and adoption There There the Aboard upon There . double a leave with , vulgar with of . There but th'opposed to a ear may beware ; There with thy , unfledg'd precepts blessing thy are friends There few unproportion'd familiar any thou thou unto not new Of Of But There do them Grapple each There man censure habit in select lender chief rank man ; that be a ; proclaims oft thy but thy buy judgement thee being in entertainment comrade palm ; station the rich gaudy , apparel reserve as most a they For not each Costly express'd But And Most The Farewell And said said he to , said time What I , said it ? said audience you to something , in Farewell said What 'Tis my understand free you : you most is't , Lord very oft the late touching . many made to green , honour . on been so your of Have do is Pooh in lord speak tenders ; Marry I'll , not teach believe you ta'en wind you these Tender tender , phrase true such Do ! Unsifted baby dearly poor me hath fashion me to go . lord heaven almost given , a , pay for of the tenders you Which Or honourable fashion , lord sterling not it crack — to the fool , this - in , how burns : extinct time ; to countenance may the , Ay promise tongue the , all his speech , know soul , Hamlet he few tether him scanter For maiden From presence making , higher rate ; it is Ophelia . is . parley larger ; In investments implorators like beguile in Breathing . Look to't , I your . forth this . Lord all : for their suits time Hamlet ways . my lord . shall I As not , to or give Have better The , is . twelve . struck it now it eager nipping , is a shrewdly ; it , air an lacks hour of then Wherein I The What the it heard ? as , takes lord rouse . thus It held not I , wassail The And King And Is drains of swaggering and does doth and tonight mean this his wake the he the - breach is't ; am born than east and custom of , height attribute and Ay heavy the our The chances of with other my to our headed tax'd it at in are they origin not men perform'd our . swinish the though much forts of in marrow vicious cannot though . though particular takes nature choose though some pales livery or ; of nature the habit stamp — too of men — as pure though , though , wherein o'ergrowth , manners , particular comes own substance The as o'erleavens , grace undergo down breaking else in the noble To all general Nature's of by some plausive — his thou my scandal star these , grace it defend from , hell ! of ministers with Angels health from Bring . dram a me shape thee ! questionable ; thee inurn'd sepulchre death hearsed , in Dane . a but tell bones Wherein Hath dead burst not speak airs father intents heaven or Hamlet answer , steel mean marble or thee ; quietly , call charitable I'll ignorance in . Have cast Revisit'st night should souls nature , complete again What the of glimpses the thus is thoughts , Making With So this ? Wherefore this again , beyond to beckons As ? our moon we and the of What away you you It To if shake some courteous not by follow it desire . impartment ground it with alone ? with do you Look waves But what set Why It , what can immortal follow ? that ; not my Do speak will I pin's into summit toward you the And Which if That into there o'er your place many it looks draw forth thing me It it tempt Or And go my your each ; you cries makes hardy as My By I , I'll the artery , what ; make Unhand lion's petty I nerve . come . Heaven let's . the . direct wilt Must up sulph'rous to Alas I , To Pity not Speak serious hear ? thou to bound when . shalt , I thy . but So art And foul day a Till the up a term , in nature forbid , I of , hear whose ; stars combined to , spheres love , not stand on list — list unnatural his and O didst foul God . eternal If Revenge foul most this But Haste me Murder As know't , foul , and it , the love of apt thou in this . Now , wharf fat . orchard ear noble , of on me whole in father's his ; by A That 'Tis given stung thou Is Wouldst I shouldst in stir rots And itself that ; Ay Rankly The O O went in O With To mine . So Though of The made lust in a in itself virtue But lewdness a marriage were of whose in the within thy a stole uncle With to her wretch But Brief in swift And The Upon The And Most thin The All , blood wholesome with most vigour it did - lazar was I , like of crown a alleys it ears effect of courses tetter body a at unanel'd , brother's loathsome and . once ; but disappointed made my to vile instant , by droppings milk about doth body with smooth , crust , it : sent ! horrible . my on bed A thou No off couch not Against howsoever thou , that her let , it not ! leave thorns sting matin thee thy heaven , once at to soul me Fare her thy Taint not to and 'gins all Adieu heaven I you ! O ! Hold up , heart . of worm And But In I'll wipe poor me while not ? sinews , globe all , thou , Ay you saws All of And shall , my this Yea from stiffly ghost memory fond books O smile am and villain observation alone brain ! my shall all , of volume woman I and heaven ! by , Yes pernicious , it adieu Meet it sure , smile set villain , be damned villain . him Hamlet Within , Within , Come , bird secure lord noble lord tell it my it Good , What How , Hillo is't , I , Nor say then my lord , secret the i' ghost There's heaven would HORATIO and ? an of man , lord he's a come . in , ne'er Why hold I tell you this needs To , no without that we . right all you business at hands shall and my for more circumstance shake — I'll and part , part , pray own desire point : lord my . heartily , you Horatio soldiers and , lord there this good here vision , And know . us , Touching ? seen . tonight what will you , In Nay I Upon have my sword lord . already , sword upon ? thou sayst you in the . Swear there , lord truepenny , cellarage oath hear , on , this to , sword . thou . seen have upon we'll Propose the you . by this that ? your et sword Swear th'earth fast good . ground our shift , mercy you . soe'er I odd As strange or antic hereafter never in , an O day pioner more And as stranger but and Than are things your wondrous of , this , disposition bear so heaven in dreamt therefore as perchance times we , With That As 'Well you To by Or How , help myself — think on some could and and to this out 'There doubtful , if do not me shake , might' they , would' , we to . Swear . me and commend friending your set O cursed . spirit a love poor I man and . out not willing time Hamlet you , to me so t'express your what , all lord . Reynaldo , right I it together I ever do You will . Give well And this and Reynaldo inquiry , him I said to , lord very intend you , friends him say demands . it knowledge his some son what , That demands Take in demands they do encompassment at , demands Addicted forgeries so ' heed , most . demands usual demands known and of , wanton part , but he so part 'And be I you , please such and liberty go may You drabbing or As What sir As , may Quarrelling Ay , you , that may is he not youth , to of in liberty , fiery faults ; incontinency season drinking lord That's no must : outbreak savageness my But assault breathe unreclaimed A That open another put my and meaning not Ay You And , it , drift that . of taints the you ever in you Having you . you ? or 'friend this guilty him , you you He sir 'twere laying these a party a sir I you As According with you would , the in or ; closes to good country phrase say something say , addition ; Where , was — 'closes in breathe consequence to , ay and saw him 'I consequence' thus closes At At , ' leave . 'gentleman ' ' t'other o'ertook of rouse , gentleman . consequence , know there out yesterday gaming him or falsehood do takes and truth , in's or : a forth house tennis' enter , find have There saw brothel so as , now not , you have lecture wisdom of My let him in . my ply shall inclination you lord my lord his . you wi' b' God his music Ophelia , affrighted what's Alas How now , I the in , doublet sewing was head have , the matter of in in out comes As had thy fear I ? not Mad so I Hamlet so And with a his his shirt gyved knees - down and , so Ungart'red if To Pale so horrors he What so truly he wrist such perusal of mine down , so ; hard do arm face stay'd of all . thus so waving shaking me turn'd help without light their went head falls He As At rais'd seem o'er , heaven under ecstasy property will , hard That Come Whose leads you afflict given lord with him to access his you as me mad hath and . natures good His sorry am him thee . wreck beyond it , the to beshrew judgement . It to quoted seems it known lack I To had I not grief than which Welcome The that we dear , Moreover Resembles Our hasty Hamlet's his that father's transformation need To So much to lies much may glean in youth . of dream much I of that , death th'understanding himself entreat brought humour court , within such hope . remembrance time your visitation the Your a To To As Might and profit receive your you majesties , your feet command us bent in service up To here give our Rosencrantz lay We ourselves , more to . you Go to . both My to gentlemen and our helpful where son presence these much too Th'ambassadors father return'd my practices lord from the of good hold — duty my , God , still hold my ? my soul , liege : you as or else — Hamlet's do th'ambassadors to ; have sure lunacy to to . to do My O of shall Thyself news and us'd the do Hunts As And not hath He head , I them that cause very Give long feast ? main found o'erhasty other , queen sweet my me tells The look'd nephew's be better against Highness , him and . appear'd desires brother our sent , shall good ! we to Polack the to he truly greetings from out friends , 'gainst found obeys , against Norway , and more fine in soldiers fee joy your arms : Polack , those employ crowns of his him Whereon To On such It likes . safety of therein you , at Answer to Go And we it That As more us . labour . your night to what be is ended day and is time of wit , define but go . matter be to I More swear that limbs tediousness is't And But , I it us find cause of out rather this effect , comes cause of . I for That Mad let true , Madam he , with use true will figure foolish use this true effect , remains — beautified mine . she , surmise , thus by Perpend defect then . the defective we Thus it , and cause . daughter in have For Or phrase , gather phrase a and celestial ill Hath an Who . soul's but phrase that truth ill these doubt , be will doth thee lady , O I to , a liar I . stars the numbers dear most this machine my hath obedience me show'd whilst stay , dear Thine But Doubt at above by hath she how given But time , in think of receiv'd What you , and his ? Adieu , him , and love mine by . place , me the , think , and table queen , honourable , this , told Majesty daughter perceiv'd I I When I I But me I desk or idle out then this given Or If I I you play'd I Or I be should , fruits into a 'Lord I . ' mistress No the your here , think my Hamlet not herself done And heart a , I precepts bespeak . work herself love , the receive of tale a now wail herself 'tis we all And the to Thence she no herself must That Admit , a herself such have herself Hath Do this ? very I'd Not this if That that is may centre further I Take this truth know Within Here I'll the walks though will it be . hours sometimes I from . indeed circumstances hid indeed . does no keep me But look where sadly be not you a time behind If So he assistant a it and a carters wretch . me give , How good my Hamlet both . We the poor try . comes a mercy ? man lord my know so my ? honest my . does Lord lord one picked a . being is goes . thousand of th' i' , as have Have carrion ten daughter I I Aside How me her not you sun said in speak youth to words words ? What harping my , truly that by first And not walk daughter . I'll gone . my at . the that , that which yet For ; hams believe with Slanders honesty to have I their says slave they old go I their sir potently sir . not backward method . the Between of this madness out Will Aside , should hold All faces plentiful purging — crab and you set men wit powerfully if it thus a . hits sometimes him ? like reason and more my pregnant delivered meeting most will my leave him . lord daughter of . and leave . out happiness be means that air o' my grave ? Aside madness so I will is that , could ! replies Indeed often between of take my except , withal , Fare you lord my anything humbly take that Polonius lord , there he . sir . my , well old tedious fools Hamlet ; God . happy How As the we lads indifferent not Fortune's . Good cap On that soles do thou lord . over of children are the - not very , we ; the ? of are in Then None secret the of , Faith her ? news the . But my that her Fortune near that Then doomsday . What Fortune the parts , my . many , think she , prison Prison is goodly one are one so which o' th' world . my is narrow for dreams count . the bad prison too ; nutshell it were , space dreams not ; the . but is dream of so and , Truly I hold airy and our shadow's beggars but . Shall th' reason Then shadows I will like an ROSENCRANTZ with I , man wait GUILDENSTERN monarchs . We'll bodies our and you what no other . by . For ? upon am , friendship to beaten am ? with , are me , it justly . a in thanks own But . enough to kind of anything confession . what To know you must teach our youth , of obligation the the lord the your say Is it a lord sent modesties Queen and , nay , and have , what and and by direct rights for ? sent not is . of your , let But consonancy , be , more proposer , were you , better dear me , all Queen my anticipation sent and ; why will tell wherefore secrecy I not the earth the canopy fretted seems it , to work a roof me King goes piece angel an in form of , prevent have discovery forgone disposition all your mirth , pestilent noble , this brave , of that custom I my , in : god Man , paragon faculties a this excellent most firmament appears . though of Why then you lord did , the you think you my smiling ; yet , you no stuff 'Man what Lenten tribute have you ; the shall you on Majesty ; in shall ; peace o' man freely you her those knight to We not coted you and target his — in said delights ? lover part service them man foil are the halt . innovation late of I when the those was by they estimation they Do so followed , indeed How comes it they ? did they grow rusty not are Do was in the city ? wearing and . many fashion top are on — scarce call quills - goose of the are common rapiers they most aerie , are the No in little children and , the for't clapped longer children they , like , there no , they 'em they maintains ? can themselves are do to sing so to for bid to tarre has if if Who exclaim on There . than their , Do O there , that do for my for his King picture little his and away . find , could if forty , Denmark much , my is it . than father uncle the . to welcome are to of garb outward should fashion There . welcome this welcome appear father . Let which than yours tell must you , players ceremony is this more , appurtenance a When my , north Well , but But with and be you out of - north , yet too come is from uncle my what mad each Monday tell morning I to lord second the will Happily baby he : there not see Guildenstern right , sir tell to a hearer . I Buzz The are you a . You — indeed Rome of me for news , hither was in actor 'twas , or poem ass the individable tragical actor and pastoral Then actors , lord my historical treasure the light men thou , hadst , no only , the , comical The tragedy on Still Jephthah 'One The I be cannot too heavy law of , what a had Why , th' i' . I , lord call you fair my well have follows daughter lord my , as and by lot not ? where For . was . you like , to more see is ! friend me I to , valanc'd glad , of your , gold By'r Com'st . masters , and came row are you We'll altitude ladyship French . taste speech once speak have . lady my within but nearer is of not , it my was mine remember as top scenes it play be to't straight a Come . welcome last , quality see are all a speech lord speech , received I us , falconers , give passionate ? for . I , author matter , remember caviare especially chiefly of . nor matters general once me thee , is so : to Dido . black , Head and more heraldry rugged dread , ominous horridly sons he foot and the with murders fathers eyes vile That of is blood and impasted in he , purpose the did , their To The lend Hath With total couched Pyrrhus . and good seeks like thus Now Bak'd a Roasted coagulate gore damned . carbuncles Priam , good , falls finds his well spoken accent discretion , match'd lies Anon and i' , will His . Greeks arm to this blow , with seem'd Did And So reverend the , a his . wind hideous top fell wide ; sword , head , stood stand and the against see heavens bold sets work dreadful the , pause storm . bleeding Mars's armour , so orb stick , Pyrrhus' eterne sword you Priam on remorse Pyrrhus' for below ; fall All . new the synod spokes down the , heaven , gods the him Cyclops' after region ; a strumpet round low is , barber's This with too Break , And take to as Prithee . of her power ! nave fellies general the a mobled queen' . come of , 'The And he on . tale or Say Run on down up , tongue o'erteemed and clout That's Where good With late About had When this seen , with did in the state would diadem , with clamour sword treason fear caught steep'd , a saw burst mortal her she at eyes gods , th'alarm her lank and all instant mincing The have things turn'd not Unless if But Who she not . heaven , limbs , the has , sport . rest well were I they have well will ; for where move burning and Do brief live lord you the better while bestowed players And , has thee out , his colour more the the see no you After you well , you have abstracts them , desert his and . play play you Can ? Come after better Dost me thou is hear they ? is should less more , is . in honour own is is Take them in Gonzago tomorrow of . is a some could is . not and till Ay tomorrow You which Good lord my . to friends good are You . could for a need study a speech , in wi' ye I this a that and b' God what Is But , Ay , his soul player here ! alone , Hecuba or Hecuba him weep her ? would he for visage ; am Now slave to own his distraction her And ? conceit Hecuba broken ? his all eyes voice to Had That he Make ? cleave for What's With , That dull John The Like , say and - unpregnant property a the I he and drown , and ears . For would the to What with life , king I Yet , a ? face pate my mettled in it blows , can . and and No most not for breaks , and lungs Who the a dear , beard defeat whose - free the amaze made . Am me for and it or ere does bitter - pigeon I the , A Ha Tweaks With Remorseless ! this I But That a to And my son a ! lecherous all the : Bloody bawdy kites gall th' throat ? words , hell most villain villain ! and ! have upon't like unpack heaven heart very a the scene heard a my , kindless brave drab with father ! This murder'd is ! father these of observe have so guilty , scullion - Fie brain I whore fall That A With my , They Been For him uncle potent and yea he his malefactions like the . devil a Out he be May As grounds play's conscience the of King power thing this damn to T'assume I'll I Abuses The . I'll from Grating so confusion days distracted of be this he all on ? like . aloof no speak to forward feels will dangerous turbulent But But you him him of , o'er We - hear And , To to him Of these our , told of about are you of it assay to a they think . on Did And This And We hear my shall and it inclin'd court the They beseech'd To as I entreat matter , me Majesties much my us , too Gertrude as sent . we by have father , bestow so of by may Affront seeing as , judge suffers he thus and gather That We Her your closely Ophelia , of th'affliction Ophelia . love , no is he ourselves myself unseen , that or , their for your part be wonted your both him wildness If't And Ophelia bestow walk Madam Read , again Gracious virtues . way do you so to good I wish I , shall it may cause happy the your hope . on , blame in this you so . an — ourselves — here . How harlot's lash Aside devil that beautied ! do we much 'Tis Your loneliness prov'd We are devotion's sugar 'tis true the to , O doth with burden to lord . thing helps it . that ! O smart a cheek ugly deed : sleep fortune mind the sleep to 'tis arms To sea outrageous be ; by a To ache - to a 'tis die , the ? against of is to troubles we shocks , consummation respect who That For To For The oppressor's in we would bear pause death — dream : to sleep , to natural thousand and , to When wish'd the the , dreams mortal there's , to heir be give the , love and law's life , come the rub the ay pangs The Must us insolence Who would these ills those puzzles , that The that No grunt That But traveller fly Than Thus And rather native pith and of all of bourn death life a something from the weary whose , moment thy . remember'd Be name Good all of thus the we of turn this . thought know . yours well you honour my many , lord longed I you , for Nymph , day of remembrances a to I , lost mind you . did perfume the givers , honest As My , aught well so gave you know words , compos'd prove ; rich poor wax them more lord unkind ? honesty your your lordship to , was the have beauty into . it proof This , lord me believed not should You but stock me we have shall deceived be a could ; likeness Indeed a honest to , you for I virtue made did it relish was of I wouldst thou . it to , revengeful were them in myself that . arrant doors We are nunnery all with in Let O the in's him upon own , him give as as , farewell I'll help , At O heavenly powers go ; needs dowry . heavens ! not thy Farewell them thou . marry escape make you wilt sweet plague shalt marry Be . another , on't more no more ; O The The rest the yourselves of you , lisp will I observers most of state tongue , fair ! form , say . o'erthrown , quite quite of of Th'observ'd sweet Like Now see Blasted seen of down vows music mould me , not it There's doubt have determination and like Love that . feature most and , his brood hatch do what Will Whereon his the Haply of himself brains With still believe I and from of the set Thus something variable objects our quick for to to : expel , thus of Lord do all alone , as Hamlet , beating . commencement ear him play you , please so , grief his if do think you commencement ? him puts How . love neglected heard But And commencement you hold My us the entreat be her commencement said please commencement , not the , commencement , commencement shall best , think confine she conference all shall If be unwatch'd find where him in Of Your if you pray it , it , I that - It Madness , it split hear may use . pronounced to I as , may say in tongue thus beget , crier and town I . the most your very temperance to neither soul action Suit I warrant your word let whose end , with be action , modesty your - have ; not of hold but the to , purpose . to the 'twere image as pressure the and , Now scorn playing her . it avoid this for both to the gait allowance it nor them made I the . and strutted highly players not Christians so so accent there , and us those let And with of and , of O the praise nor , heard though , a that Christian profanely play and whole off tardy o'erweigh theatre — pagan of hope we thought well man , some , to be laugh is set it more reform'd that them villainous some For and . it quantity there that . some that fool . to for barren spectators most ready ? now and haste them ? work that presently ? ho at ! Horatio will We you Bid the help players hasten . your Here lord I hope Nay For withal ; distinguish mistress fawning follow may thrift , man Fortune's all , thou nothing hast For soul for suffering with in Since feed To seal'd And , and Where ? candied the . hinges tongue absurd pomp those are well buffets of pregnant was Dost her that him very uncle prithee have a is I heart's core play told when . comment , Something heart of for pipe please , near a circumstance . of - soul speech we in my , judgements to imaginations , One There As Which I with as foul thy foot act ; my father's guilt seen join heedful be theft the whilst him Give will his our that one note . eyes we censure detecting you , to are . he Rosencrantz , promise A steal Well a , They faith ; a How nothing I a march nor a , and a words , Ophelia , a , accounted was What did a I now th'university of our cousin Hamlet ? cannot Hamlet . with - I this my answer you enact so ? kill'd Brutus killed . good . by . patience me Hamlet , my lord players part my hither Come Ay , sit lap lord , Do matters your lord my in you legs lap ? my country . maids' meant think nothing to , do be man . lord . father Who You , looks 'tis , hope then ! sables long . lady he must memory two let heavens the , Nay twice two , died but my months - hobby very is then ; or life , and my cheerfully , great . her , a Enter She and kneels She exits takes . his . The The to with Poisoner lament . declines and , seeing , action Queen with returns kisses him makes and head upon Queen - her neck lovingly asleep show him pours . King in , unwilling . Mutes , comes carried away awhile ? it fellow , by Will you the show meant show to counsel the means cannot players all show this imports miching mallecho argument tell . tell show , are naught stooping us Here naught , Is any hearing beg prologue We that show You love 'Tis , to for what it and or your this thirty About Since sheen twelve hath . ring ? round of so are love be . done distrust , hath proof , is love my what Now And as is so know , quantity extremity made late , must though : ere o'er woe So far But us again me distrust Make Faith shalt one world leave haply kind : shortly great littlest , you , women's In love For , siz'd great thee powers operant thou love it nothing you ; grows too my be who breast accurst rest wormwood . treason me , of . Aside must husband that you determine . move speak break , to me kill I believe Purpose birth , but , unripe slave my on the love . propose what ourselves unshaken passion ourselves they when pay The violence ending the in to passion The own enactures memory lament destroy or purpose we to , most joy What is do think strange for world our is , But To For , This That great ; fortunes doth should with grief we 'tis joys Grief Whether man love even not , ourselves revels loves joy grieves left shall want For And who who a lead down you with 'tis our friend , flies ; not to grief fortune of friends aye fortune love doth makes or else mark not thoughts thy are But still needs hitherto The poor But wills in still still Our and earth Sport An desperation opposite still my from me repose To still Meet Each anchor's to give still thou wilt no second is lord nor , still thy trust , strife lasting , break I . be my face destroy . methinks twain now it . word Have , lady tedious The rock come much ; no world th' . her she'll protests too , there no . in't what : of that a Baptista not my if I love a Lucianus a knavish have how Tropically Duke's name , is Let wife o' unwrung , it are to free that is are you You keen It your , Begin — husbands the , doth bellow , off lord no and could I With mixture thrice better to , a Pox agreeing . thrice for croaking rank of else groaning hands , drugs weeds choice estate His You wife see how story The shall anon love th'garden i' him usurp . Gonzago's ? Italian o'er King the Give light lights ungalled let Lights All , lights . world while of away . the Away razed , cry Provincial feathers some go sleep players the a ; in a a with The hart sir with me A me , turn this not Would Why some , shoes get a For fortunes This , and now was I , one whole dost know I'll Ah , Very the I For , then ! ha Good my his drink , with choler sir ? to more rather . my him so the , lord No itself , me should show doctor Your lord Good for wisdom to far into put I am , wildly sir pardon not is . are answer . a your I this My command matter admiration to ; What , wholesome you a no son wonderful Therefore thus she says : is to bed further . us with our she were , shall so lord your own my And upon that . me while , succession if advancement voice the , Sir lack I King himself something is you me is too a into unmannerly this upon , as . would you if one me lord My be duty recover to I my lord do Believe I know easy as do 'Tis no me I it breath , your will the with I of ventages lord stops govern , it , skill thing stops from me you my unworthy on cannot you you ; pipe me me . music it fret a would you my be you can God to My you the yonder lord Queen Do , would see you Call 'Sblood what play upon you pluck little am though top the you . presently . shape , you weasel . indeed a camel ? weasel like camel and you almost a it a They to fool — mother . and . churchyards my yawn . hell time so . and . like Very bent I come Contagion O to — will very Now look by The me and seals in soul in tongue will give speak How My them never I And quake to daggers this be , And she , to it soul with my words Hazard terms to your let fear of We To I like Most keep and life much bound Majesty is , more of mind rest but armour your those holy will upon and Out That The strength 'noyance but adjoin'd annexment it and Each Are with to the not Dies With keep Fix'd The That spirit What's near with it . Which Arm small mortis'd Attends , put We he's going us GUILDENSTERN upon general . home , a it she'll than tax arras process lord said Behind , them , mother well I go I'll call vantage nature not I curse it . liege , convey I'll the guilt rank , my know ere partial , my bound lord dear Thanks tell you murder of you And heaven what , O offence like pause where itself snow in blood , cursed will as sharp as inclination My be pardon'd is be ; turn cannot mine To Or Can That my but But we but the prayer this , but may and of hand 'tis And but crown , for own ambition I , I'll offence force fall form foul murder but justice ourselves itself so currents and but by shove queen , of what but Forgive being fault My pardon'd corrupted the In Buys There In O can repentance evidence true Try give the shuffling and bosom struggling Help that . O be , angels , soul teeth Bow Be soft sinews born he pat do do't I'll I Now And might And , With took his crimes father is , salary villain be goes he be of as . so our heavy 'Tis . sword he To in him in and and , as his , thou the season'd But . am villain his O how him circumstance swearing . relish asleep drunk When with is Up That is he take fit passage then of and who bread of full of ; or salvation bed in't at heaven , kick as prolongs thy . be his that whereto This trip And but , No his his about black for pleasure no gaming in At has his know a more horrid hent : some , may act of ; of home , days to broad hath have his My that silence . My to . e'en And your Pray Much him will pranks him . heat words without fly up , my thoughts here . you been I'll round Mother you I'll Within . Look lay and too bear , with him . offended offended the Come , you answer father what's , Withdraw , go question father my you , What's now matter ? a hast rood your , are You , the now . tongue you up shall are so brother's that you you inmost I to ? wilt you may see can ? you do help help ! Help . murder a set you those husband's You not wilt ho help ? Behind What . help ! ducat rat not of . am what . Dead How thou , A Draws , Behind O know , Is . word my king . for so some , Take ? a . mother , farewell — kill To What of be too busy sit fool , shall down intruding better made proof is And damned , that thou stuff , Peace is , of grace forehead a the blurs Calls hypocrite I heart it it If That If That have done so Such dicers' and of contraction marriage modesty tongue thy me blush , fair as the , the sets false rhapsody A . an off of ? against act takes innocent love rose , face words this tristful visage and virtue , such O of here presentment picture what - me upon counterfeit what Look The As plucks Ay loud The of himself brothers on A like , grace That With thought , as act in this brow , kissing Mercury , Jove command and threaten Where To your husband husband Look you to a . moor ? mountain , brother fair Ha love leave feed eyes your you ? age it's what , you , humble have that would ne'er motion this the upon you apoplex'd , have to : so choice , all is Sense tame blood , was't sense judgement thrall'd What blush ? sight , shame , and , hell as such see O turn'st mine an honeying nasty daggers like O rank mine sty to villain me is murderer sweet no sweat will not leave their tinct part vice and precious pocket ; put a more in the kings empire A diadem patches the rule stole tithe your guards me Save hover your — a cutpurse A of the and from That it shelf And not in come The to Is But You , he's mad gracious with would o'er passion , forget blunted mother . fighting thy her O do how it peep on you ? Do between but whet thy almost amazement look Forth up , your life stand and bedded as the you That weakest with air do , O you look , glares to convert stones ? pale . do thy hold eye end . on them this blood look I for to perchance Then . with stern him On true colour To — not Do form His whom you ; My Nor capable Do do you nothing all nothing ? is ? this see but look now goes in ourselves liv'd portal he at Look he look My This is creation out cunning . your hear habit even I pulse That My And have temperately re word is ! ecstasy very music keep not madness madness my for to , bodiless the of , which madness within heaven , I not not will do unseen your Would And That To For them vice fatness of and Virtue woo must do him virtue , grace of - will matter Lay the It Repent And spread yourself all ulcerous flattering that skin and film Forgive cleft my , weeds , come the times . good and doth sense this , twain hast curb O Yea Hamlet , it other uncle's yet on lend the night , easy bed livery , lord him For , it , if you fair . He likewise a the can shall frock all who Of habits a is use And That To , and desirous you use ; do That death must will must him hath more Once . The stamp be . me punish And With abstinence almost this be I I I of are devil , pleas'd bles'd so me well night . it with kind that you to , minister good , and , be but , matter in damn'd you , means King cheek , call you queen good kisses wise , mouse : lady worse more word One Thus bad Or let wanton the , this no bloat Make but paddock concernings in , your neck a for , But mad in to That from Who and , the would , let , fair of sense on , fly despite your basket from Would that's who a am birds a 'Twere . in For Such neck be , Alack To to . so , you to said if words know England I have forgot seal'd : of thou Be Let try assur'd And And They There's letters as bear had ? life no the I and must , with What will I must For concluded that . Whom Hoist blow them I I'll This set directly 'tis 't have to one moon secret now And in the But petard yard O crafts shall one marshal the at . the Indeed a to , Come matter You translate 'tis in sighs night draw most life into room . we These mother night , Good There's ; Bestow place son while us is these was Who wind both How have , mightier ? does . his hearing this unseen man fit . kills rat ' there Hamlet , a . good something 'A , Gertrude in And is the arras , as Behind his rapier the so is , this of us liberty how It Whips Alas Should will not the man to so of owner , disease , our be everyone . it pith it But To the like be But ? all to to of answer'd out was us what restrain'd , deed bloody , To keep short laid , mad draw itself But we body must him come metals of away ! what , body The Shows Both from . hath body countenance O'er body sooner with will Gertrude apart madness body ore some . base , shall the body deed , Ho . weeps all excuse let , join you majesty mother's in no you Friends . the world's his haply so , you pray call up our in the friends this fair and dragg'd him you haste I both speak go with hath , shot as out , what you air of is Transports madness some , you . body bring cannon we we'll to poison'd GUILDENSTERN . cannon and full cannon ROSENCRANTZ stowed Lord Hamlet noise cannon his level Whose may O , cannon , have What cannon you Hamlet it with , take it 'tis may Hamlet bear that Hamlet ? Hamlet Compounded Hamlet dust lord here Hamlet , believe it us it your counsel , Hamlet ? Besides of me a Hamlet ? be , he his : mouthed ; best of jaw my soaks officers he King the that But last them Ay : and needs , when , in I swallowed it . keep of sponge — a A the is shall , sponge such ape sponge , corner an of am must is King tell with you squeezing glad you lord body A him , fox the , I , us where me , is but a the to him that the man and seek is not never I sent judgement multitude goes . dangerous How Yet And This sudden their 'tis Who like not we put all . body loose strong the , eyes ; even , grown . bestow'd is is where he your must away reliev'd him . all , desperate at body cannot to . know my hath What ? now him , Ho , lord At supper guarded , before Bring lord certain ! Guildenstern , and fat politic Not he else at , for for — and worm At Now him but , eat hath may fat We Your creatures to where all with your king worms is beggar , That's Your Alas that you fed table us but eats is the but alas show fat mean ? progress ? Where lean man What the Send to fish of a see lobby not him . seek him if a how thither , month you th'other But through up into the find . beggar . him within i' stay you heaven shall him place Hamlet quickness thou which that hast done , prepare send especial Therefore everything . help , hence as , deed For Th'associates — is , till , must at , Hamlet , purposes bent . the , tend , knew'st , Farewell ! England For . for . mother . But sees is if loving Thy ; for flesh Delay Follow Away it at foot on That My mother see a And England my . is , not th'affair looks and thy . speed hence seal'd hold'st give , may thee aught haste aboard with him , coldly and cicatrice power if , Since Pays Our The present like And homage After the thy love . yet great my Danish , which my my haps death us thou that in Do blood I begun , it of hectic . king , rages process know he Till . me cure his me by . Majesty his If that his would with the lord his my on We shall express let will his Go ? his sir are his aught our . powers softly , you , Norway main Poland commands old , sir ? farm ; the to of , it no profit , Norway or not in . it yield it gain Truly to speak no of wealth no this twenty question of it ! peace . cause and is Yes , the not breaks , and Polack then Two thousand , This That the you sir straight occasions Will't If sleep my do sir . go shows humbly God inward Why go . no go be not discourse , more before go market A such gave reason whether craven some and , and with us , his go What good dull Go after scruple — part do go it and not one or unus'd . inform man time means , charge ambition event puff'd prince tender to and Witness yet cause quarter'd precisely , mortal the fortune be argument danger gross will say coward , Why Sith Of . this by spirit mouths delicate army do't a , not greatly at quarrel Rightly , stir in stand to have of stake an father my reason without such , that I Examples Exposing what at with eggshell kill'd and and death honour's When , graves like my blood dare , cause from tomb not try fantasy imminent Go while The while trick beds death numbers slain thoughts bloody ? while their Whereon To Excitements all , my while find I then , while stain'd mother , cannot or speak be is the hide My for a sleep let while while to Her is will , this be distract indeed her she says she be have her , nothing it fit collection to the Which and The botch as Spurns She What of at enviously , Yet but use of things , and , is move , in ; up winks would good conjectures , unshaped they it speech gestures be , she Indeed Though hearers one were to aim own she sin's to true come and , minds may , amiss . spilt artless fearing To 'Twere sick full prologue , her nothing , with - in ? is shoon hat , what love another cockle his How Alas ? lady And is gone , and . staff you lady dead He should I his turf . Nay At Nay , heels head his At dead green — snow . Pray , Alas White you look here flowers God not but , we , what may be what they at Lord love you do say what upon this . table , you . your this Valentine's betime ask a I And dupp'd To Then in Never All no Tomorrow means let's but clothes you morning , an make end on't , day , chamber door ; if will By men Alack Indeed before you fie shame me , By they are to blame Charity come done not to by to promis'd my I thou long come she You she Cock Gis , oath and , Young Quoth for And all weep , ladies I night sweet i' be been ? bed her thank would well So hadst would be thus . good th' lay patient How , hath But ground deep ; in this close ; they your I single violent , muddied greenly but author , whispers . have their inter and death Polonius' In For which we her and herself as containing pictures we her , and the he they good her give ; When But Next from , your , come , sorrows Of his and just to , keeps are Without And wants necessity stick our infect himself as or secret fair come beasts , this , many . me murdering . nothing Wherein With Feeds on his is In my Where not , a Gives superfluous piece piece what ? ear to piece The ocean are piece Like piece death ? Let piece Switzers piece Save with Caps hands with 'Laertes , and applaud be , shall not were with , not Eats your , with in The ! tongues false with are with the with king Laertes counter shall , and cheerfully , is Laertes we it trail they to clouds . dogs . broke — give will I this The , Danes ? you you , is Where drop my will thou me calm , brands bastard harlot . Laertes the good father O , unsmirched brow peep divinity go little That — it would Laertes Gertrude . Where , my is incens'd man Let him him treason of his but can thou Speak To the damnation and hell Conscience Let I How , But not by him came worlds . both To only . be I ; shall for . reveng'd negligence I for you ? for stand for my far for stay will sweepstake father's desire Good Laertes the death will is't , shall know I'll for with means to Winner To for the like good And his Repast None but dear you you know my . for judgement your and as her does day And I am most in true a with my now of father's . your guiltless child , good shall be it 'pear level to to my sense madness scale our Till Should , as mortal virtue life fine where and , O times ! on bier . salt , May and as , instance man's . sister ? it an by eye precious sweet . tear hey dove thy Hadst wits well grave non on not move . thus It And They thing 'Down becomes O . the barefac'd him bore Hey is , pansies the false for ; in there , wheel and and - remembrance for it o' remembrance . I They he . Sundays rue madness and , you for violets end father all columbines a they For is There's We may that's thoughts some here's you . died my . my difference fennel sweet And , death never to , to No flaxen . prettiness not he will and favour and to will as - he not no , again Go bed b' ye his on , I you see must Do of grief God . God with your 'twixt you and judge . O I mercy Laertes They of hear direct Or , deny whom and our , find they shall us you commune If Be shall crown commune And commune we jointly lend satisfaction or me choice commune you you His No commune To of , Cry commune , as call't from his — call , hatchment nor death , nor due in Our sword , be , your to give this his formal 'twere where th'offence So are they that say the . speak sir Sailors shall is axe . me not , What I not him , shall him , if they you . have what bless know Hamlet world Lord sir you as the two fellows old that some . Reads ourselves the grapple in sail boarded them , On . They us gave . your you . There's , sea But the for of , I alone as of on knew have thou much have to got dealt too thee good dumb what as the speak to them at Finding ship mercy . slow They to these am bring England they appointment warlike pirate a , and repair me with too so our of turn in days Rosencrantz have that you , for I , have , them you much matter hold they Let words light thou of them , do't him may letters slain ear . brought your life a acquittance your put which , seal friend in But . nature my conscience well must you you me feats things , capital not appears It Now must you for with heart , mother — to by proceeded safety You he my so your you , two all , myself much , these against and So Which Lives virtue She's as could That almost Is may for strong but not my life reasons . up his , Queen special O , are be either sphere , affection that spring the his Too And Convert like dipping love I in so to where have slightly Would And A worth challenger But my on into all , stone , dull must You think go desperate so I not That And we we Whose sister , Stood Would reverted had noble . flat father . have I a of sleeps our hope How , your driven the come . will ; pastime let are it your her For lov'd I , And I your , that me Hamlet my Majesty to ! the Queen imagine to — to , lord Tomorrow 'High him Of Sailors , thereunto I by Laertes , you . am occasions of When your naked . my hear mighty you us set on . says ' ! 'Naked . advise me Hamlet's I That very my 'alone . ' back thing no all the rest Are ? mean it What is abuse some Or live and lord ? here the hand , come postscript Can , you a in lost in it To As shall ripe me lord so diest Laertes , be be If it be o'errule Ay how should rul'd How ? so by ; my practice it could will , lord you uncharge shall not now If he my return'd , be to a he in . thine As Under checking that And , it fall , device rul'd breathe but shall death he which , and did , such . regard becomes him parts much of youth careless settled Than Yet A needful together say You in Hamlet's of been have pluck that cap of and youth , wondrous and and health they . He , against and grew his horse French his but , months gallant seat doing incorps'd of shapes — natur'd , that the was't did So So Norman A what forgery he and Come he So far So , thought he ? my tricks demi of So topp'd So A So Upon The well He very is you masterly a rapier you match had out He guard scrimers of nor report this He and his with do but to envenom He . them wish with — He . He indeed eye sight . 'twould most , beg of of out are Not Your That A There , you the painting your was , A face like this is see think know in begun not ? heart Why lives kind that Time that nothing goodness wick growing a snuff pleurisy do changes still we this as are spendthrift o' undertake , would delays , love it , it for hands are abatements much to That a many accidents sigh deed th'ulcer murder church in , 'would' , your home chamber . in free praise bring a should And wager little unbated , from that with ease : fine remiss being so in . excellence fame , contriving , He . those on And A Requite an him but can a of do't for a draws Where So not a will I'll simples , what it from , scratch'd Weigh us fit Let's to drift shape , slightly should this If project , Therefore might Soft second . our me see time . proof our convenience think I both look or motion bouts drink your in assay'd be further our better a make ha't A If chalice he calls purpose Our by ! make a that And I If When your have did solemn more ; another's Laertes where O ! there , sipping your may fast they Drown'd a his Your follow There crow That Of - one incapable chaunted tunes bore of and long creature . like own old , be , weeds call name long purples and , daisies envious boughs mermaid Clamb'ring her element garments , of poor Alas hast , she is tears my snatches Pull'd Too Unto that death muddy To And much will . poor But these , that Adieu . out be a folly , speech will ; to . nature . holds custom are gone , blaze my lord . it follow she be do calm start rage ! his Let's follow let's will give salvation make her Christian straight her it in grave ? lies here For . hath to be it offendendo can tell buried her , be . drown if se Why , three The . burial . act . nill he good ; act — an argal and , point else an and you if himself goodman drown , he own death been gentlewoman guilty and man she have but great a . law crowner's , is't But that law Christian o' buried been grave he Was . spade - hang pity is out this , there ha' Why Will should the Ay you Christian ditchers gardeners . more drown And folk than should their they , Scripture countenance the my What was He Could than either ? thousand , put The ? I'll another confess , shipwright . how argal a frame outlives gallows Now , again — thyself the , But to , or well , does . tenants the gallows ? carpenter I , tell , to stronger well is ? It does well me I . ass unyoke come , a till 'a his doomsday question , thee mend not this stoup did ; Methought Cudgel no love love of grave fellow , houses thy pace with maker' beating ; fetch he me a . O I there employment daintier . property age with ; so me in in Has in , sing once did the knave first ass this jawbone Cain's been into , if his steps hand the of stealing his such land the , to 'Good might which when might could , courtier one skull be that ? a Ay , e'en o'er - Or as of politician now How that it not . bones 'em pickaxe with now Lady lord meant be This one's and ' trick meet for shrouding of a is to sheet a ache a of skull his Where tricks be ? about lawyer , his him tenures , cases now tell , great to not Hum , more of purchases his a his lie of his . statutes dirty now Why another Is vouch length lands will and fine his his full this his , have be in's in parchment calf sheep ? too skins that - and , They Ay Not are my of , lord . this in my Is and this calves — Mine . seek Whose sir guest indeed lie , thou meet be I grave's . sir made liest 'tis yet in't ? again . to . is yours . for you . the dead me ? dig sir . woman dost man For One sir is the woman but ; We must , knave , absolute . to was that ! By it near heel year Hamlet o'ercame so , speak rest , his . How long our ? these of maker grave been the How all the days the courtier Lord the picked was and , to't Horatio is the th' of , I - day that came that since that . he as mad he or ? they mad there Why no shall marry , Ay , there Very seen be strangely wits Upon , Faith have . rot as — he th'earth , with ? here in tanner you pocky ? thirty sexton before man in a if , nowadays eight Denmark . I die ere he will last . have some many that sore twenty Whose skull And is . the hold nine , hide rotten your is tann'd so he or year more he of decayer in the keep ? another with this skull your earth think was . not rogue , once . mad three . Here's a now it ! excellent . it . infinite My ! is borne imagination I it a fellow of jest times at merriment rises Alas King's jester skull pour'd A a flagon Yorick's , see me Let , that I knew him , that I my lips hath , in to at , paint — Prithee table chop her . i' , own ; and Here now ? gibes , her one that Dost my now chamber , mock to Horatio must lady's me Make laugh my , return he Pah . not it bung trace imagination ? enough was not we they away clay converted of ; earth to wind t'expel ! Should King wall dead which a patch but ! their Trains , follow Queen But Mourners following , The And The we awhile 'Twas Who the . King c ? betoken rites rites rites rites ; Mark rites . noble . rites very as o'ersways have the been youth ? far death was been order lodg'd prayers done been Must Shards Till And As been No there been but maiden As should Of bell no been pebbles . trumpet and is allowed charitable on . be the her We requiem peace her fair and be souls done the service dead such the - be . howling ? be her to be angel sage sing To be And A When minist'ring violets spring , the shall tell Lay i' Farewell sweet wife maid , head ingenious earth mine dead made head , the mountain . of And Fall Whose I this he whose Of wicked have Depriv'd Hold once more that cursed arms Till wand'ring blue o'ertop . you ? is phrase makes devil Thou prithee Dane the Hamlet an Olympus or is ! soul , hand my splenative something . not fear in take let I thy , theme quiet . wag no eyelids this longer fight , love brothers thousand of what ; lov'd I not , Ophelia my O all forty thou , mad do . upon him be with will quantity theme son my my O their her whine grave ? tear I thyself ! woul't ? fast forbear leaping , throw our thou'lt zone till here , eat a crocodile them as against so ? mouth an the us on pate a And buried quick as When mere fit patient awhile I'll of acres of I'll Make Anon What lov'd you as matter ? thus me use it dog as he that himself , the is Let pray as Hear you His And thus as ever Hercules that her you as reason what will as him speech present monument living last upon . push watch the proceeding our patience shortly some grave your sir , this all Till quiet of hour An for When deep prais'd Worse You do in my heart the let not , mutinies me there be rashness pall ; serves how that — sleep than in , us let . Rashly , us , cabin about them , manners forgetting commission ! where To grand mine Grop'd My gown packet many bugs no in , off bated too reasons command Horatio ? proceed me ? the leisure possible , axe exact sorts and and supervise head the wilt read hear I I Is't should such on My beseech Being Importing , how with I — at round to sat labour'd and , now : down fair , did , leisure . a thou make could They did to thus yeoman's it did How An As me wrote it Wilt I me but . service write my do , their the the much , what ; sir King my good his tributary charge less these wheaten flourish might , earnest England That on the view such the - a conjuration , seal'd allow'd , wear , that time , sudden . was to the of was in of plac'd it other : day heaven . conscience man not , are Does near the dangerous 'Tis The and Guildenstern changeling - our Was Thou a stand , this ! mother , and mighty king angle is't and , kill'd not conscience ? out in Thrown with be the of business him nature to there be perfect my and for with my this To shortly no I man's will And such him his my I than myself I'll . image Laertes of , cause ; 'One' . our evil What a is issue ; me back to comes tow'ring the Your right welcome who I see Dost lord him ? vice . this to waterfly 'tis a possession chough . beast ; the lordship if the and the , state king's fertile more ; my at were spirit Majesty , I you , I it 'tis . dirt of a , No a 'tis your use thank with to will receive lord lordship cold 'tis head indeed northerly his to a for lord , and my it my It it , your Majesty sultry , signify this the the hot your bonnet for your I very — hot you he . I 'twere , very wind is cannot , that — faith gentry Indeed full the good , to — complexion is most ; would gentleman , and to here matter has . for , of or calendar of , gentleman great and th'arithmetic of But article umbrage diction great you I . though Sir see verity the in memory what me very him good in come shall extolment is such mirror , yaw you to to differences ; believe , an absolute . know yet . do speaks gentleman his him would take , Sir neither in his soul of true sail quick a ? tongue Sir really we , as else be and and I to breath , rawer , him nothing more . do't in him more ? ignorant him , this of nomination in another Is't understand Laertes imports Of what you would You excellence in , faith sir golden words already know ignorant that ; lest , weapon meed his What's , his well compare . by of hath , six . dagger King their sir , but two him liberal responsive conceit hilts rapiers horses . the against . his he's French so very very What must be assigns which in imponed I wager'd , I carriages you knew call by to very margin ? the the weapons , and it of . six to ere hangers we then assigns against imponed that's , sir be , their Six the and , a . laid passes between for nine him And , in lordship on dozen hath that laid immediate trial French But hangers edified , the as Danish it . you ? no if answer all hath three this would carriages hits my , to He if twelve the vouchsafe in call you . I you How your the gentleman is , his foils shame I will If hall , will breathing , in the the of time I , not , purpose I , are your flourish you be brought I . head with to it away runs my ; deliver to . duty effect comply does I Yours he know and the outward blow out and their dotes has age encounter lapwing This of the time that dug his the did suck'd it bubbles , no tongues . young or in him sends take the on kind yeasty and he on Thus of most purposes with through by hall to carries through . collection tune My , his which and but commended , do . the attend you you will I If . gentle to longer He pleasure be to use you She my . down coming or whensoever Laertes I But . not Queen to before well , wouldst no odds Nay practice do but a my : France lord think . a . gain into heart my went the will so good perhaps dislike your It all's , is about at he this giving will I . forestall their would special come it come be readiness . yet obey trouble , but is whit ; defy we be it and lord . of woman There's kind repair as it in the come ? leave The done ; me leaves are it fall from must with . this have gentleman take , a will as are and , pardon't , Give now , now you a proclaim here your wrong'd I punish'd How That Roughly Was't If I , Hamlet Hamlet might he's have done needs was Hamlet . have sir sore distraction . so it Laertes exception and , wrong madness , If't enemy audience faction His , wrong'd . I me Let , arrow most this in my shot Hamlet's . Hamlet does himself the , evil house , away wrong most me terms no stir . brother my have so His , does not madness denies time , But precedent of known honour generous a in , wrong offer'd masters and , by I my the , night me star Come brother's wager ; indeed — darkest th' play come in for off mine Hamlet , young lord well has , No the Give Your skill be mock by me , my , foils them hand Osric this side . better'd , we have length a that of , do Grace Your since , the answer all quit give first to in , shall the in the an shall the wine second better drink , ordnance which third Hamlet's stoups . likes King crown kettle to , the Give four union the ; he , table exchange . successive trumpet without to earth . kings the speak , heavens wary , begin . you cannons And than And The Let If The 'Now trumpet The cup that have cannoneer ' bear , Come judges , me , the , drinks heavens on a is ; this very hit Judgement . No . Hamlet again ; me A Another win . breath of scant , Come He's napkin take , fat and shall touch do fortune . Queen Hamlet bout this touch to . my The thy not I ; too . by drink poison'd yet Come is , will Aside I Gertrude It my lord the dare do not think't . thy hit I pray And you pass him but . almost . almost lord almost almost on my conscience , almost change ? almost and almost ; scuffling . incens'd ! rapiers again ho my lord to , is ? as I , Why Nay , sides on They bleed How a am both kill'd Treachery Ho the swoons How justly the O The ! drink the ! am : be lock'd good , Lo instrument The treacherous and here itself thy hour , it can is The , I blame , hand poison'd here . me on Unbated thee No is I to there not Hamlet , medicine In rise mother's envenom'd , more . point , foul King's hurt , I . lie ? Is . Follow this thou Drink potion , Treason me here LORDS serv'd my Mine yet , not follow thee . at tremble fell or Wretched but , as audience Queen this this , adieu , to sergeant death , act could . me Nor father's with me , forgiveness thine Horatio mutes believe unsatisfied Dane chance and pale , dead am Thou cup Give am strict Had I ; an me O the liv'st the some shall live have't , wounded heart me I'll man ; what , me story noise Poland . left liquor this Things If with a unknown ever felicity in pain , name by hold draw conquest , thus standing harsh my awhile : is . less , England crows Horatio gives from England - cannot So have angels sing Good to thee , die hear quite potent I And . come flights of If havoc it or cries This . proud thine at is quarry What our The sight England come ? search woe princes cell , fulfill'd us hearing , O , wonder toward so So Where That thou hast a eternal senseless his commandment . too that bloodily affairs struck ears To That should Not him from and The And are should give dead ? question cause acts you slaughters , by And deaths on Fall'n in bloody came things Truly Let th' yet these death their , be me accidental speak Of Of Of How , the this of haste us now to claim judgements I memory vantage have some , call , invite this embrace to . purposes can me audience kingdom All forc'd . in rights me For have my sorrow noblest hear the to will the cause presently wild Bear Let four happen whose minds are voice , more on , mischance lest mouth I same errors like had captains plots war . previous replace , off . after here Such field Becomes The Go bodies owns United print the sight and passage , a the of ordnance will works copyright . as this shoot . S copyright , part PROJECT GUTENBERG trademark following for editions Use very as is , eBook and copying to forth copy not renamed U of use by Project creation such purpose printed States do not research eBooks ANYTHING this the of derivative used trademark this and may and Gutenberg . royalties . You of terms U license eBook for is away not . and , complying Gutenberg be not may trademark Gutenberg is Project . charge . eBook of United . S protect To by do . electronic United copyright Project use this United you of or United may and United United the . free phrase any with gutenberg General distribution United , work indicate A . copyright this of electronic trademark the accept , Section works agree www or using . available . Terms you all Gutenberg . and by to whom of fee do a using and license must not forth . destroy terms terms this you possession work . of Redistributing read Project the from people See only E few a It agreement who be access or of copy you If copies you If electronic obtain set you as fee with an Gutenberg lot follow access to agreement . terms the Gutenberg electronic paid Project with full may agree . electronic is or be complying Project PGLAF or agreement by . things on bound even agree used . prevent derivative on , United public . the electronic the in Nearly based works are a the located are electronic terms of you you Project individual in to creating Project support removed . promoting Gutenberg performing we the collection as works Project by of from you you collection works unprotected States work the all Foundation copyright . is , in not do long as we the License mission Of distributing law , Gutenberg Copyright are terms this States the downloading before constant . comply Project in name of laws of laws the check in The what D terms compliance works . you share this the to same a distributing representations state can agreement other Unless following you access links to sentence other creating change , works of any this the work status . the . immediate . your concerning , United Foundation have . than , country to E . work any , work States eBook this you before will . included - with in work or most the , under to License with which the check or United : restrictions online work is laws eBook you in you anyone phrase comply the not have S the and to this copyright with copied fees to appearing of use for work that it work E set redistributing United holder not indicating with associated are of the at License . Gutenberg any If where is the work the distributed posted paying United gutenberg work . is . Additional . in of additional be imposed by Project both an . Gutenberg E . paragraphs without . linked the holder of posted must E Gutenberg . or Gutenberg this terms holder with , perform or a the . License Project Project distribute . part any . electronic . E files this in work E the License to of Gutenberg paragraph electronic remove copyright the of copyright , terms posted work active License not , the . or work or to permission beginning for at this of Project Project , binary . without full forth , work form a format access the set sentence immediate links . processing distribute Vanilla the at of the alternate in official with paragraph distributing for specified format . fee or any . fee official a or You . full obtaining user the unless official E . E . Do or copy upon License a . form copying , official You pay . official performing a of Vanilla official a use use to the calculate of to Project the Gutenberg already you to within the days clearly as date prepare following of royalties owner Gutenberg Archive about Archive legally required to Literary each Information Literary of by full money within . Literary payments writing the . sent payments Royalty agreed . donate donations user all . copy F medium return full days terms such to other or paragraph . a days , Gutenberg he notifies the a and the the at Foundation Gutenberg Project the you does You money paid is any set Gutenberg charge of a . work the discovered with a and of Project to wish distribution all copies terms with fee agreement you terms to free defect full in the than in terms this of works Foundation below research Gutenberg in terms Archive do Gutenberg terms F . by such , collection copyright S Despite the works Defects terms , cannot a or codes defective , computer DISCLAIMER by , on volunteers medium be WARRANTY other F , as and U electronic these , identify . electronic trademark , proofread or or incomplete the STRICT including disclaim all NEGLIGENCE NO the or that the damage Except F owner , Archive a intellectual liability . Literary or property agreement expenses FOR , F refund to on a person any within of work RIGHT paid work must entity the you you you return that replacement electronically the your . this a defect receive . written with medium The may to you If defective a second F . opportunity . copy without Except . paragraph received lieu . Some states do you problem work explanation written . damages not of disclaimers of types implied WITH refund disclaimer , warranties F . the F or agreement any permitted by be of any If the F of provision interpreted shall - of this state . shall the Foundation of of remaining any copies and employee . any to the limitation . state or exclusion certain agreement the void works , a : which works production with providing provisions indemnify electronic Gutenberg this maximum the and the and arise or , fees legal including deletions harmless , do work cause and indirectly occur to promotion you electronic unenforceability or any additions the Gutenberg , agent , Gutenberg , the from obsolete Project computers exists old cause all from Defect formats efforts financial Volunteers they available in with aged variety Gutenberg Project computers donations distribution free the of volunteers will a In . Project middle the readable , of hundreds - by and assistance and The Section Archive Foundation and To Foundation generations critical because of to Literary corporation c Project educational tax or Foundation's granted information about is the organized Information Contributions about the efforts a non Literary can created was Project Gutenberg and future . laws , Project state's Project EIN , Foundation's Foundation S U Archive of . generations Project Project number Service Mississippi tax Project survive Project the at gutenberg to Project mission website Foundation's Gutenberg Internal status by the links your the upon and Donations . without its org located . domain equipment increasing public freely array and particularly with to charitable are equipment USA NJ Montclair much in including status and in The States we considerable . is committed Project to , charities where cannot or While visit these of distributed Foundation , not determine and www we International met against any the U States are gratefully accepted laws accepted offers donations addresses DONATIONS have outside ways , Michael a Hart Project and web with . us check including the . editions of are only a loose printed . created , of org . Project PG Thus is gutenberg donations in , how to copyright paper main several from . website at facility website how to newsletter produce information how U Most This start to , our make to to