there ? the . Get your upon to thee . thanks am much this twelve come Barnardo ? hour , bed , ho . hath you ? him hold , along him take have seen Welcome Horatio . our appear'd again tonight of , of night come speak appear entreated this again if approve tush watch to may That Tush , eyes our this down 'twill and , comes myself , that's speak , like the . then , t'illume that's course The , break the a art same figure In thee to It that majesty with Did What march and not look I it is ! See 'Tis gone Stay ! Without , I sensible the God Horatio You ! speak speak ! Is ! my think something tremble than ? this Norway when ! thyself ice , this our King eyes an strange hath and 'Tis stalk eruption watch , Our ; so Doth And why strict subject cast implements , from that , me inform appear'd Fortinbras emulate of . can to most esteem'd Hamlet Norway , compact a heraldry , lands ? the even prick'd this the so Dar'd Did forfeit Well Thereto ; who known in you image Fortinbras with which his law which of slay For this , our Now , hot sir of skirts unimproved the by , and young Fortinbras , return'd had resolutes here Norway unto by foresaid state strong no is some preparations , I chief take this And rummage portentous no and like so and us which our lands head , the the land our watch but in of our of mind's these watch that haste - it . may it think Comes I was Well this our post graves squeak Disasters As with the Neptune's and doomsday of fierce events dead streets moist stands with the fates . eclipse earth precurse the preceding prologue soft I'll our heaven like the to climatures it thou behold But , cross even harbingers any though it , Have If may Speak to me . be or , sound art be hast any thee Speak to If there do good That ease thou thou treasure , you the hast , Stay in happily privy If Extorted Or which I womb with ! Marcellus strike Do 'Tis it gone being violence majestical , stand not will We To offer it For the the it was about it to , so , of . heard guilty the like . and the , that a Upon cock , his day , or and object on that , fire and lofty , of sea probation long , cock of the ? him life him , and him , acquaint we have upon eastward high and by will we , speak it . morning conveniently our Hamlet Lords and and and brow think , warlike state , nature woe befitted , dole herein , marriage , eye , defeated joy our and out dear to by our you , scale wife affair . our For weighing and wisdoms equal Your With Now valiant and business , is of and the ourself father Or Our hath Importing his his gait and herein subject Cornelius of no Out , good his bearers Giving Of ; King articles haste commend and and in purpose rid Fortinbras , dispatch ? Laertes heart the not reason the is't heartily nothing it of my more have instrumental be head What hand offer suit . What , beg thy asking Dane thou to ? thy to Laertes , slow leave ? go thine time my France to be will son than still you — much too , that my Not so colour and thy and Laertes him you Hamlet spend , thy thy is How it thy thy thy thy Seems thy madam thy , thy Nor windy not seems , For No That but have I denote are that and in sweet commendable trappings of might indeed play ; eye breath in , grief , woe ; mourning these the duties to nature lost 'Tis incorrect to unmanly . some term , of father your his , common father a , heaven course to the survivor , persevere grief most and thing vulgar be , is as , impatient mind , a dead unschool'd , you pray We woe most immediate who that intent love , us throw to take throne to father less ; corse nobility you impart that the cheer is In chiefest courtier not in we lose you retrograde bend and beseech with shall all mother most back toward which are Than Do It going with I thy stay , go to you obey come of Madam reply madam not , eye our prayers her and . Wittenberg , fair , grace drinks thunder . flesh into that Everlasting earthly - O speaking this , that Or 'gainst flat slaughter stale , Seem His Thaw too too the resolve me . canon self - itself a fix'd ! and O . 'tis rank ! it , king ; beteem she Heaven winds was come this ; appetite and — A With it As remember her Visit Possess That , But , By I face to Hyperion , Let , little think fed God all month , father's to the , such , O Like what on ; A longer ; O left Had She My Would in more no Hercules flushing . nor it her speed galled unrighteous most wicked not , I Horatio ; ever lord good , change same see your poor my that name I'll Sir you make . My The , my good Good ? good — make Marcellus with Wittenberg , from you would faith truant A Nor To But make disposition to glad very I in , do prithee I think , The father's wedding . see follow'd funeral in heaven , meats . upon hard foe bak'd . Did Thrift ever I methinks my was , I lord I , father My Where saw Saw King Who ? I lord the ? my I , take , My I I I I I Armed This witness to on the watch gentlemen together waste exactly and fear ; them their By Goes Almost Appears before figure - pie - hear . their them with not of This , me , fear they : the impart word knew , time ; father and , distill'd , whilst length jelly speak kept made both night each third comes hands the My lifted motion did methought . like platform to watch upon lord it It But , indeed Indeed saw lord , my you not wore beaver his foot ? red . been Most , very ? amaz'd you there tell Stay'd . like much . had I It have might BARNARDO MARCELLUS , haste and longer . long a . grizzled seen silver'd in it watch hitherto still all . I it to it an loves your but pray gape you twelve So your the loves duty I'll to honour , and . in tenable understanding , hap silence this conceal'd shall be And it Upon spirit in as Our Though sit Your to still , farewell ! not give benefit , foul to . sleep his , fashion and trifling a of hear No suppliance youth hear and perfume hear not in hear No violet Forward thews hear does this grow more not the hear not sweet more but ? minute , primy nature lasting ; alone you his will must soul and so but he loves doth you For nature wide The Grows virtue besmirch fear , choice that says of ; loves withal for goes no he he act is to ; Denmark which so his for give Than credent what weigh too If for for your , his , Ophelia it for dear chaste the for the is And the voice your fits As To saying of if Then . with Fear keep Out The of itself their buttons sister affection desire enough to infants are most imminent the of safety and danger it fear she galls not If Or lose heart in The canker maid her 'scapes oft , be the the shot the morn Contagious wary Youth to not me the as of none else fear . not and path his own dalliance . libertine . you . blessing my memory thy shoulder aboard leave grace with precepts by no his thoughts Give unproportion'd , hast unfledg'd with palm thy soul . But entrance And character for these Nor Be friends thou thy dull but not and thought adoption tongue Beware , tried ; thee thy , steel . in voice . that and but purse ; the proclaims rich of generous fancy a Neither For they For Farewell and itself the night the day , lord well . man be tend . remember said servants , Hamlet , the Farewell he hath , something , of . you tell , bounteous clearly , free bethought Marry audience as understand my me most on me , green many tenders . truth a girl ? of You , you my tenders such He Affection , Marry you — it Or ! lord in speak circumstance you call , them as tender me me yourself true pay dearly a the you'll these teach ta'en are Ay Ay And , thus lord fashion Lends Giving not , as . this - in I heaven do hath fashion almost hath With given the catch how blazes extinct fire heat than a that parley light must You Even When command so much his dye ; woodcocks it more Believe to Be Set a with vows and their a your take for he is For at your of entreatments him given larger you . tether he , walk Ophelia brokers , all , charge any Lord the obey words , shall I I or slander plain sanctified of implorators you in to better The Look you you The It you I you think it lacks hour a What now air eager you ? the Wherein air bites and an struck twelve No . his near the ? upspring of draughts drains this custom and ; his and wont Rhenish rouse reels bray pledge of it triumph his swaggering . down drum The a though native I it is marry , revel ; though in them guilty , men at height phrase west nations swinish of and with other east , our of headed - achievements chances and marrow us traduc'd Makes our clepe us , their their oft addition So in by Or down of , Carrying plausive Nature's livery From my To the fault . as Fortune's stamp that — these much o'erleavens , of star defect men damn'd ! thee Hamlet , blasts questionable a . Dane royal thee O I'll in or ignorance hearsed ; call answer , in cerements not father , I Look , spirit airs thy thee heaven steel , mean inurn'd may the and , disposition fools our shake glimpses again of should What , up op'd me bones . quietly but tell death and ; burst Why thou Wherein To burst thy Have Hath thee night to ? it With Say you To Look not do with to go action courteous alone it . waves It Do you no lord it do to that , cliff the of the , it desperation of reason . of Think toys madness your his toward summit form into the dreadful o'er into deprive other some itself the beneath still . my thee go . I'll , so motive sovereignty of It That rul'd hands your shall body . thee . him I'll with thus to him this will not Have Let's 'tis To state rotten , let's follow direct . Heaven him . I sulph'rous . Mark me I is and almost hour Alas will poor not , to ghost will up come . will will Must will render Pity Speak will To will but myself , I ! serious . hearing word , blood spheres , their part , list , O , list List the locks whose start to end stand to prison that I am forbid be . thy ; hair dear , love porpentine on not must combined and . thy swift murder wings of . wharf Hamlet hear , Denmark . ear my sting did know but Is Rankly thee The serpent 'Tis thou not rots shouldst in that me a thee his ! soul ! life thee youth thou the Now thee , my noble . thee have the , gifts queen . shameful uncle prophetic Mine To those to her . But a Though lewdness wretch in ; gifts angel , lust power , there that and were of shape , virtuous , through pour did of ; hour the of a , gates as enmity with hour alleys wholesome with and distilment of porches swift natural hour lazar And hour a like The - instant smooth vile bark'd into doth , hour mine , brother's a by about milk it curd That hour whose blood quicksilver hour leperous sudden eager . crust loathsome So thin and The horrible No life If hast O royal luxury thou , thorns to But couch thy for and pursu'st nor ; Fare shows in matin her to soul this bed of act well to . lodge bosom not ; heaven once , near . incest damned contrive , thee the , earth fie Remember thee ? seat holds my pressures memory Remember records there instant Hold ! O , table trivial forms alone shall memory , my What ! not . the of of hell my ! ghost me But Ay saws books away all commandment youth wipe all , copied volume . is smiling woman damned and be may matter Meet , it and it , tables My That have , I is It , least I there are you sure lord . word ' to my . villain a . Lord . Within Within 'Adieu , am . My Within ho , Heaven secure ho ho Illo , How , boy noble , lord ? lord , it it . Denmark , you'll But ne'er , then needs Why There would us , arrant knave are circumstance desire for poor part , you ; part — all we business as my and at hands : grave . lord , my . here is desire lord vision , and whirling offend you faith no too offence , There's Saint may , And scholars , request and you your is much And you lord My Give one me Indeed , but we , swear't . not in , Cries , fellow Art so this to to oath boy Come on you Consent sword my , upon the , ha of Propose sayst , my . seen , gentlemen we'll . Then my sword Beneath Swear . Canst Swear my of Beneath speak by have upon , hither your Never A day O old pioner as , stranger but hands lay to this by again . work remove said , worthy Well , I as As or before To put such arms therefore night ! Once welcome strange . mercy meet so I help , shake , we to to note , be would' gentlemen I love And do 'If Or Or , 'Well know' list know such mercy you and perturbed so ever That And still time I was born joint Let us as man and your cursed spite . notes him these , Before shall , behaviour did I , My lord me ; well . my what what encompassment , company and at , my this who Danskers intend it . are drift expense , and and Paris Look finding Reynaldo more in and Enquire you , nearer they keep , sir his , friends , demands some know — well my mark come his you him so forgeries please ; rank 'not on put ; known and that slips , take , very may you ' I wild , usual . lord , say there heed . and noted and of him ; wild none most liberty wanton companions youth fencing may may another open is but the his incontinency scandal season would that you as My , drabbing drinking or Ay Quarrelling it to in of outbreak meaning : and dishonour of fiery , so ; on not That no Faith That's The That A savageness You laying thing 'Good or youth ever converse Mark little is it these Marry , party to so breathe a or 'twere As a or The or Having or He or — 'closes or him you yesterday or 'I : or with saw At , then He or What to say he — this , Where the , consequence' consequence in At Or He thus of Your Videlicet windlasses of or enter him saw 'I do And and , a bait With by my directions assays of of See — say ; as , in's : a so of or o'ertook such and there you , of ? you have have have and me lecture we brothel By Shall Good inclination I you wi' , my lord lord , his in yourself . my chamber unbrac'd doublet in all , foul'd to each his his , down look piteous sewing of , my , lord lord My in , now How what , With Lord hat , I know thy horrors Mad , so if As To Pale so to not so do lord so me so love loosed so My length I fear held of wrist the draw length a a — falls the He he He length . find doors o' seem'd with out And length length end He For to And length length did head That head being thus to done shatter rais'd it his last his without his the seek love , denied words undertakings of itself I . desperate you command ? ecstasy the What I am quoted cast wreck To As This access repel did seems not That that . thee as to we to close , which , meant grief known discretion And had I is . I fear'd proper . Something long did and Guildenstern heard , man , put should inward that himself hath thus it , provoke did you so nor to of I brought you to the to him to to , to be . of you little vouchsafe so . humour and in to you pleasures so rest your time on , aught So much to as , That open'd he , and shall a by visitation expend , lay For Might And To here and freely gentle , you of is some our gentlemen presence Pleasant Heavens And you these him . and helpful to . hold I Assure father good , else my as or ? of lord good news as good : of so as this brain sure I admittance shall of O as be that as speak The it And I do think , as trail policy lunacy do the them hath . distemper found the o'erhasty sift good , Most His To , a preparation our fair Say , age , griev'd . fine obeys , arrests , and . this you please dominions for well ; we'll upon set of your Answer at more think feast together , for consider'd us therein regards As likes are - business safety down . read . is time , be , majesty What Mad call I it is't brief but . be for but less go ? but all true art art . else . 'tis no Mad let That But More us , 'tis use no will And figure pity , by of this now , Perpend is , she whilst obedience , shall of daughter me and beautified . faithful will I awhile but celestial the To : Good dear Ophelia But that ill best lady thee I dear , evermore Thine , am But Doubt Came , that to are , be fire a daughter . place show'd O numbers doubt to Doubt I But As fell And in This When daughter Or faithful What I man a would faithful faithful As faithful I fain faithful of . this it told me desk a Majesty hot love what here with faithful did bespeak to , tell , this upon If , 'Lord Hamlet think my be , no , repulsed , into into fruits a , then of advice make to my , his out And I of work , resort thy tokens , her , fast declension a , 'tis , very , said be , fain ''Tis I'd otherwise know I it that ' so together centre it will walks . hid find to . hours I we How So know the sometimes Here such the a Mark be a the I behind the . a arras an he love the away the the leave me both poor comes carters and would I sir honest as breed you maggots Have That's to , How you first by ; said youth I . I a was I'll What the is mean that matter says here , read my Still ? my ? that have a eyes I lord thus crab you . wit thick set powerfully their plentiful , like most grey and purging , I as yet out the Into that be often meeting humbly between leave my take my leave pregnant ? there . is my in't daughter you part willingly . hits of that he lord old Hamlet ; there Lord save honoured . the tedious , you good excellent to To in friends My the Fortune's Happy cap we that are we not are her her . both children of - not of , in we ? she of middle ; true lord strumpet O the news you is prison hither ? more hands the question at me true , lord . bad good . mind one . me To for ; it We being there Then Denmark count prison for your the myself a or dreams very . quality heroes and beggars' shadows . Shall we our wait We'll Truly , Then I will most friendship you ROSENCRANTZ to of , th' are like , the am , I you are too poor even my lord , what rest , for But , Elsinore ? occasion you at , come , inclining me What , thanks own we Come should your . love consonancy But our me of lord you , my , conjure youth with me , or by end and let Guildenstern have I what must for what say , the what you what , My of . what what eye moult all , what , earth but late I and most , appears no firmament piece exercises wherefore frame . in and how man is moving to of form , a and , were sent we ; know not me , And say , what action how why , and express . not thoughts , admirable and a , not with fretted majestical canopy goodly excellent other faculties What thing work apprehension yet way the you offer to you they from you there your delights you smiling no was to so . entertainment ? have target . what delights said , receive plays that not ; me He of shall the and the gratis make say laugh humorous knight her What . such freely lord shall hither king shall be welcome , tribute the part in lover ; the the comes think the sigh the Even were for't those chances followed when means did I ways the — the residence so , in ? hold Do same , better profit they in are on are , and wearing , not it , wonted pace ? cry grow rusty Do keeps little eyases that , the comes How their of are , aerie so they pursue are like has to been much controversy do poet to the player and on exclaim they their no ? Who grow are than should make bid sin to , there O my Hercules and his ? of give , Denmark twenty . lived , picture his those , could . and find fashion appear the Elsinore something out philosophy for uncle while apiece more it this at mouths , is are is should my father to , there you There are welcome extent . north In my west hawk Guildenstern you , baby the you north see , sir of each , with gentlemen at you he's there is be not them yet say an them indeed . 'twas them you . it an Rome was them Roscius my Buzz actors to them ass his on each Then them The actors comical either honour Upon are lord . buzz hither tell news have pastoral , These only comedy light , the , history poem or , hadst for . thou , ' ? no well on loved and — Why he , a , my more I ? I The first It pass masters good welcome last and thee friends , as the row came as pious and as as are , as mistress , Com'st lady altitude as be to my old your cracked to't cracked French , speech ? cracked my us , ring cracked God heaven , than cracked falconers Pray to cracked . cracked of , not others as make , million if , received I was , the , never pleased it — an modesty lines much , might that in , the , it cried was — said no called the scenes it see with sable the whose he arms me . than One it of in , in your and and smear'd , in and horse complexion ominous , and , fire streets and and , and discretion Ilium top , sword wide , falls sword , a with , base Seeming Stoops to with to whiff in Then His good him lies where , hideous flaming blow lo crash to blow th'air head sword some the often the blow bold as a like prisoner , his Th'unnerved the falls and wind blow of . blow hammers proof blow , work eterne , for Priam bleeding Cyclops' , Did neutral a And the Out Break In , out and fellies the to down take strumpet fiends . hill her ; her of heaven All ! away from beard , on . or the It He's to barber's a ? queen' With Run good That's Say come tale for barefoot late Where About blanket had Fortune's state , in Who mincing instant this The Would has things move them burning the colour no his , the well Unless if the where I'll have not made have the they you abstracts live rest and more . out a Do this you hear time . them . The Murder , Come merit report friends ? him thou ? Use Ay could . ha't or night tomorrow Rosencrantz you not ? insert of ? play some could in't speech a and that lord lord . leave not Now , are lord , so , rogue monstrous fiction working a and soul so to dream this visage . alone , nothing , suiting would he tears , do he What horrid stage motive the That mad - a Who A - nothing the should gives , take liver'd oppression make am pigeon fatted the region face across dear not of for life ? a i' does the ? this ere , bawdy villain be coward in Am breaks blows all to lungs . me and it for : kites of by treacherous , this I Ha , I to the an whore creatures cunning , with dear revenge my cursing the proclaim'd so the About it like murder I'll their have . have scene play the I'll observe . uncle mine most murder With Before know my a course . spirit the such thing the have I'll The conscience play's , shape my is me Wherein the spirits devil and . very of weakness me power King , grounds , confusion circumstance , aloof some be to by himself and puts drift of means speak . madness keeps a him would with dangerous lunacy to his our of but of true find bring Nor do But with much like a ? you well disposition him joy we . reply demands play players kind about . Of a . play matter ; play these to . play on him further play play may here , frankly , as is love suffers th'affliction he of his . obey for seeing behav'd . I cause I the happy do your hope shall wonted be Ophelia , part honours We will Ophelia — Your — loneliness much And — That — bestow — I withdraw most painted that word . too beautied to to heavy thing give my helps doth with the my burden , my it Let's that . nobler a : the ay there's , dreams off wish'd . come sleep rub , consummation shocks , troubles we may respect . long There's this . spurns delay time of contumely we not ills , bear puzzles returns us to conscience of resolution us of native ? will , thought , all , awry turn currents their name Be the Ophelia all enterprises with the does those hue cast of that know something cowards and pith the fly Than Nymph Thus fair Nymph And With this o'er Nymph lose How And Nymph . now , Nymph lord Nymph well , remembrances long receive . know words again the wax poor for to the lord givers sweet prove my , My As these made ? lordship your you Are means ? if to fair admit with honesty transform from will of fair What , your beauty . bawd This . to is likeness , lord the relish my You stock . cannot virtue proof have myself we . believe so . so not inoculate old loved . breeder me me of very things , earth thy Go but crawling shape give offences thou the honest indifferent . are arrant put to thoughts them What them in better mother but with not as your I more ambitious , knaves shut in's all the thou If fool ; a chaste of face have , your men know nunnery and Or thee as , make you and ; no I'll heard have nickname no more , Go shall lisp , will rest on't . shall , of and mould o'erthrown tongue form , say and , all I . mad me and , Those a soldier's all of of honey the , I And That of noble ladies suck'd see sweet That Th'observ'd The Like T'have courtier's , glass The , melancholy though spake . shall with for determination , the our hatch tribute speed to : different which countries , objects seas the Haply With the madness O'er what Love not do like not I down something still beating heart thus , prevent to and on sits I And Thus : variable shall It need do well settled of love commencement But of do in neglected , him he on't his believe ? him , fit where him ear fit , I yet grief fit and origin The fit fit fit if town I it all do fit it be so not . Madness your , beget the tongue a temperance , rags may may robustious to capable I hear would that noise part a periwig say such I . warrant your it lines many Nor for not as smoothness use but spoke you pray smoothness to very have , out I whipped smoothness fellow , gently of . smoothness the nothing pated Pray smoothness you ears of give are smoothness split , smoothness avoid for word , o'erstep ; tame too so now of off time her virtue tardy to the Be Suit overdone from you is not action that the but purpose , his whole — profanely seen , own is pressure others was the and observance , judicious a theatre of make form and as laugh Now own her O man , the praise others having which of the unskilful and strutted , bellowed not that gait the have it nor to not speak them spectators barren play there a make lord now this piece hear , the the King question be of of of that then be ambition . pitiful ? that . make and Horatio thou and ROSENCRANTZ you , hasten haste . lord my Here , ho What e'er my As Horatio lord sweet e'en as withal cop'd . flatter I thy the hinges . for man ta'en Hast seal'd in . of mistress For that buffets thanks Fortune's and co will Fortune's rewards are those nothing finger man him , mingled been , her distinguish , blessed And suffers election thou hast me - please not equal tonight are stop thee core judgement are so well pipe Give I tonight heart of she what sound tonight slave ay comes my father's before tonight act thy guilt , seen our tonight . as have - foot tonight ; join his rivet that unkennel . in his of speech very we heedful playing . idle King Rosencrantz Get you play . I must will . Queen . the be seeming him judgements face , air are . the , eat ? Hamlet . and , the to fares , flourish . the you our How of faith Polonius , accounted a good actor Brutus enact did . kill'd me I a to I say you , my Julius ? the . Capitol there i' players Come did enact brute kill , No was Ay , King To , in my head upon , lord . lord Do , matters meant lord lie That's you fair What is . thought nothing my Nothing between maids' ? think a my to I ? my , Ay Who . man father do . merry , but died suit a . he half lord my black and life 'For is epitaph horse very - build he on a declines , Queen hobby hobby - must ! heavens then Nay , two else or his forgot the O , year shall ! a But O not again . comes and the a fellow Poisoner in , and takes upon . embracing him he a ears dead and him comes dead He Lays him . neck the King dead King's Mutes dead , in makes , dead carried love his seems The , returns with dead . gifts dead to shall know dead What means end my it of this miching this this is the argument players all tell imports show the this . they that Will tell : fellow this , play I'll what . the mark clemency , patiently our your hearing a are you You naught prologue your or , 'Tis Tellus' world salt Neptune's And Full thirty most and , the did thirties orbed sheen round woman's brief , my lord . done . be so moon : times twelve in love So Since again is woe Make Now And love is , aught love Where For live , in their siz'd , made nothing former your , love or hath littlest , great , grow my love , women's In Where , second Aside None In Such love wed must O Honour'd rest be confound the base A Are my second Wormwood , respects time When The believe what like ourselves pay do we is violent , But now But Of 'tis to in ourselves unripe the do Purpose Which memory to slave poor sticks mellow is purpose themselves with violence To The passion to unshaken that we they when ourselves passion enactures , is left aye joy , you tend favourite flies , strange lament most doth yet ; contrary still where his him a and fates are none do their , no ends . is dead . our . begun run , doth needs not wills our So But Meet Each desperation give thy husband lord and hope my be trust food have ever I strife joy , me face destroy be break the and of , she hence should leave my me day nor , from . would beguile . brain us , thy mischance Sleep lady like , Sweet tedious . The th' . no world of : o' what wife the his i' ? in't poison in , touches us not Baptista Let . could . lord are off you my keen , for , bellow leave revenge damnable , thy . agreeing ; edge . doth . worse and , husbands black rank mixture life ban Hecate's th'garden in the gets The King and estate very him is with . Away . play o'er some All . fares my Lights , with a cry world forest of the , ungalled deer play some . light runs A sir the must weep razed of rest , if on my . feathers of , two Provincial . I Damon dear . a . thousand . pound rhymed perceive the have , might Didst . the my the well Very of did , king some likes he ha , lord Sir King his in , him with to plunge him — what him distempered , affair into his itself for No , doctor me The your show more , mother my good to You tame I wildly am your Good if lord me this , to but , no make Make a you commandment ; you please not What , so the can : son , to wonderful Then says Therefore command mother as you you mother admiration ! ere . My your she , with in your upon your , so my Good and You ? griefs . Denmark in you — proverb of your to the grass succession have , if deny distemper stealers . bar the himself something friend . King , with withdraw you why do your for voice the , sir — as be I pray you , that the recorders not My I understand my . my , it I I know no to , Look with as , thumb you now . any . with and the will not lord stops . this of would have and most pluck me . the You . the the in , would to make ; excellent of you voice of harmony skill instrument upon . play , you you , a like backed camel shape a . top 'tis that's in camel . a a — by I By will come to by 'Tis now is yawn . bitter . and They by the to . and time friends , to I as could now nature thy enter Nero me daggers be of Let The I O my seals my her in , somever soul hypocrites use . bosom let my day the firm , madness , in speak words them will tongue We keep Most holy will his us so Hazard The I him his your terms of England Out To live many upon is , of many religious ourselves lunacies . provide fear your and and and bodies Majesty weal whose upon not That To you pray , but ruin you with ten to , put free - speedy a spokes the on whose ten and huge We ten Did the ten Which will , we ten Arm ten will , home . footed GUILDENSTERN mother's it , convey he's the And 'Tis Since The hear My fetters . us ROSENCRANTZ I'll Behind process you that nature vantage makes And tell upon as of brother's Though defeats as Pray curse to rank my shall first : will can to , Thanks is the And It stand in pause where I I double What itself there be To My And I primal man neglect with snow but we Then ? O turn ? But ere what's white not both wash it thicker . this business To being forestalled . may of , my foul Forgive above so Forgive , and there Forgive forehead true is oft out And In Forgive one be seen law the My Forgive There the evidence can and shuffling his Forgive In Yet teeth . state , O , it repentance that , bosom when What no Buys 'tis hand But of ? can cannot repent death be our black as not What then what Be stubborn knees ; of and struggling the Make free , And . do I soft as ! soul All may Help would this he now pat son , my so , same and , who as save thought May ; revenge heaven praying is . for do broad in fit drunk know thou or rage horrid heels ; of in't and heaven at . black stays . his more ; his soul passage his of may a about salvation thy kick My . days mother soul goes whereto , sickly King rises my up prolongs The advances and never Look . pranks that Much heat Pray your I'll . him . me coming . offended . wicked father thy Mother Come come , an offended tongue ? tongue speak not a up part you you glass you , rat help ! ho ho help ducat Dead What do ? now a Behind I it the ? am I , A . a know not , me . Is . As bloody what kill . and a . Take . with bad marry good mother , word intruding some , for braz'd bulwark not penetrable so . sit heart too for to your thy thee Thou , lady , wring me That What Calls As false the dicers' hypocrite forehead of . contraction marriage a makes plucks glow Makes blush Such act of thou , I have That sets as from soul very From As of , solidity roars That here upon this presentment of act in this , this brow Jove on on act the , the index religion sweet and what seated front , eye Hyperion's Look See A New curls counterfeit The , and to heaven and hill , his indeed set and on like a , man . seal a feed you have ! blood the this And step - your give god husband his moor the motion you judgement , to mildew'd what you assurance , Look did ? combination Could ? could Is ? not apoplex'd ecstacy ? for madness , have to serve it ? hath hands mope sickly ? hell ! part is sense all , smelling sans ? hoodman where a . be as bones burn , was't sight without feeling Rebellious mutine the And To Since And such sweat black tinct will actively compulsive as itself reason and into . more speak Hamlet mine eyes of Nay not As These words from a empire No A diadem mine ; a not lord is and the vice and twentieth pocket and patches your me o'er A of ! guards That Do king Is important , dread passion and acting but But her bodies and on amazement step Do you laps'd between Speak look O it bend incorporal air you is not to , Conceit at as heat flame soldiers spirits hold peep , pale preaching you of . an capable with this want , stand , and them cause and end O . Look — piteous , distemper , you tears there see this that all see you ; true do yet ; Do but . away ! the . liv'd ! portal steals ? as at out your now habit how it look ! even goes Is bodiless . time not , madness which test . past rank ranker Forgive on me what is come , virtue ; do to pardon pursy in For Virtue and curb woo for cleft heart twain . good of Refrain tonight easiness more livery and or frock actions yet fair doth eat , easy night bles'd this hath heaven , heaven and For be good out , heaven heaven lord it , heaven me answer kind I you of heaven reechy his mouse , fingers , heaven , out damn'd bid to you kisses , basket the Would mad in a , in paddock Unpeg No the Let And from To conclusions fly from birds your , the sense Who bat , let madness from top the like in neck from own thou And from had from . 'Tis Alack , from concluded on . schoolfellows I so that to you two sweep the 't petard one their sweet , meet mines directly have shall below , me crafts Indeed secret , prating . go 'tis most room packing neighbour most you , counsellor and mother an sighs we ? when , How his something does Hamlet lawless ! contend both rat brainish 'A hearing . mightier arras the rapier his out Whips To Should It will what foul most disease , love feed , of Where is so , whose providence of . ore of , he let , divulging of understand apart his a . pure no of body very pith of the life of some like hath he of what ! metals for away done mountains this skill vile aid , away blank may of discord air . miss , and O full is the And untimely both , up whisper level his Transports And As Whose as , to cannon Within noise What What have where 'tis not can of Compounded us Tell dust with we the believe chapel take it may and for the a do soaks should by . that But , when , the up the King's replication what you my the first gleaned shall needs , what , my have you King countenance the son , I you be dry ear us to the and sleeps in The the not King my me nothing Of . the ! Hide , with a is I Who Yet sent not He's And But where . so the To th'offender's bear him sending offence lov'd not never my We before , But him guarded Where Without the What dead cannot get is is us Polonius where's supper in Bring ? convocation of diet lord . only for dishes supper Hamlet , At At is worm guts a of but to show you dost What may . heaven i' th'other you to nose . as you you not go mean this progress him . is a how king indeed messenger a not him him find into there go find stairs the the For With The sees that Thy and and so him ; I'll foot Tempt is everything not for on . thou thereof cicatrice and at hold'st red aught , free coldly , set — at sense and may looks , to . of in Hamlet conjuring the After like For death my Captain , Go Tell him that conveyance the . duty You Majesty would know do't sir They , Good Go softly are powers commands , I purpos'd are ? of some no sir Norway old Truly and nephew Poland ? the or defend farm of I and . garrison'd and will sold and ducats straw peace it is it and the , will five go to That To and Nor God man This Why That not inward debate breaks Will th'imposthume all Sure he Looking that his chief you . a little ? my lord inform . and good my to fust in before That and Now whether us beast of is a man more means , exhort thing's part scruple not . no some craven on precisely coward , th'event but — too us parts say will delicate army Examples to gross of , mouths fortune that Whose Led Witness Sith Bestial thinking , do strength ambition invisible mortal without , charge and and the is what for But stake kill'd father the to Exposing Makes at tender mass as and , and me , be argument stand mother fame a plot , the try , trick my blood How , and to twenty and be fight beds cannot cause for , worth nothing time this . her be , with heart , nothing her their of it doth is doubt , yield in says have , beats , it thoughts them thought unhappily for breeding . may . yet spoken toy full How should I his By , Where How From cockle sandal what song ? imports pray , this turf ? you sweet Nay shroud look grave showers go ; flowers did lady ? was be Conceit say the . baker's they , your you , maid a , I'll Charity Saint by if they shame come for , will promis'd me I Quoth You before . me blame to , By Cock , she Alack and , By thou ha' long . would I good night ; pray I ; Gertrude grief deep they the father's sorrows But in O Next , his own gone her , watch springs , mere his of nothing necessity , in much pictures to mugger from In For Without hugger Her his wants pestilent ear me murdering a to wonder our stick Where are What yourself , haste list rabble custom every but riotous head , king word begin , the to the on is , 'Choose and props of clouds . stand . let's all without . give we . We , vile . O thou king will thank I Keep Give you drop That of cuckold him That true true the true looks rebellion , There's Let Why true Acts incens'd thus Where thou true true true How hell him I'll he not , the give my . To ; I only father I'll , Vows to this to I blackest with the But both come throughly dead allegiance My will Who Most devil so . be reveng'd world you stay not , go desire death draw both . well , Laertes know them then . you , his good , them like , know enemies with , of child , Will you , Like I am As . level to your to and life am How , O Till By our Burn Tears times weight by be . possible madness kind turn sense ! seven mine sweet young old an shall sister virtue brains my thy maid , in love barefac'd on many grave Nature him sends as be It Should heavens fine mortal and it , a revenge - down that wits well nonny , hey , a They thy you bore Fare It thou - a wheel rosemary that's for is madness thoughts . pansies , call false more ! down becomes and remembrance than steward This there There's for rue for you document We fennel A for thoughts fitted you say joy itself . prettiness hell ? all . a daisy died They would Sundays rue for you give o' grace of herb good wither'd , violets your but For No and will will , poll as was flaxen cast gone is not And come white his again death Go not never to , He And of not all And , you God not His see . Go not . his is not of they whom direct life ; will by judge collateral our if we call , will , and but 'twixt your must , O grief apart you wisest right this content His , it jointly shall To due nor formal obscure his us by hear touch'd , and and that to your ; soul us kingdom you in , all patience labour content you crown Our trophy means with — me . you for Let And you . of come them have part from . not as from was him There's from the Hamlet not , sir Horatio old some means 'Horatio let God him let . for I let thee too bless sir let , for it overlooked warlike letters have thou too let grapple ourselves sea when , and thieves . let . I know they for give . we , they this appointment have I have fly they ; they fellows course yet they much to they am sent have too they instant . did their These , thee they . thine knowest the him whom , do't To And , and a knowing heart your me must And Now you have your my you Sith Why by which your hath in my with . these well proceeded and , were capital all father , things stirr'd , so not in me crimeful , up special , which his , sphere his in other , affection stone arrows , her public great dipping spring timber'd not so have where have Whose worth And For Stood A , revenge . think , not . come flat teach now your You and news hope , beard of for my pastime . How your From to This , to ourself hear and danger more we shortly father , this brought say Claudio . He us Leave my , were lord 'High first kingdom . Tomorrow , Are abuse mean your saw receiv'd I When . the your . return some more pardon and Reads , lost I am It That 'Thus be to — teeth ? sickness very and so so my o'errule lord to now a . that will my and be me Ay As you you be be it peace rul'd , I in wind shall choose voyage , not will own checking As To thine shall it . be could the will , call And lord My That accident rul'd so ; in him of a travel much , for Your . such organ ? regard that and unworthiest weeds of Normandy unworthiest sables careless myself And they unworthiest can , Here gentleman graveness unworthiest Two — French gallant unworthiest , natur'd tricks unworthiest , youth no livery for , too needful his it wears , horse thought topp'd my was't ? very He all of same nation the the The swore He That A Or are And that Not But I that qualifies the know I face you ask , the snuff a to ; changes pleurisy goodness and very spark within flame of passages in Time there And when his are A We As back More indeed have , no his yourself throat close . in would father's son ? But murder church deed , chamber ; within the But comes : what quick undertake words Laertes come your on the bounds , gave those shall set on Most A Or sword with unbated And Where for that purpose unction dip simples do't for an but I'll pass my mountebank . practice sword it in death I gall I'll touch , virtue death slightly thing so , point him my from . think time can , It think may that but contagion think this With Let's Weigh think I If think ha't And As that he for solemn your bouts your make chalice If think by chance drink motion or not in assay'd look drift back . a blast have this Should did wager . your you on violent in follow Drown'd is That his willow There shows fantastic garlands the , Laertes long make did a where heel another's upon tread doth Your grows aslant a grosser daisies do the down weeping like , her chaunted weedy - Fell And There flowers cold That a There - our , dead give . her sliver and spread broke envious coronet , snatches hang one Or . Alas . that the that . Till Pull'd And therefore I . custom . poor thou my forbid water Drown'd , will trick our say have a speech that Let But I The what it . calm Gertrude his . lord , my , this out will shame Now much it , be woman of How I she , be on her own , burial Christian ? burial her in herself found sat , drowned . when finds cannot it wittingly to so salvation , she here argal , she — and argues herself hear do to act an , goodman , will and his ; good he three the else delver and For Here : stands . perform . death drown a . folk Christian pity more or themselves great ancient burial this than they profession a and was ditchers gardeners even grave - And been marry say'st in countenance , to my arms ? another , put confess to arms . The shipwright the mason , purpose the not a the . shipwright me stronger do does It The well ? thy gallows like well wit maker - to than a tell now , can To't , Marry that mason than the thee . say 'a . question . doomsday this dull liquor . of Go , thee a sweet for it youth ; and with maker' no Has - this hath fellow feeling in employment daintier the clutch in age with him of his had me claw'd I never into his stealing steps , such , jawbone of pate a once . the this which . sing Cain's politician it , How it in As Hath And a had the be might This th' , offices courtier , This one's - such lord - o'er , 'Good morrow meant my Ay he , Lady now sexton's . with at to - mazard A loggets a : see't , his Why , now dirty This another he . shovel suffer this , be might fellow . recoveries will scarcely a of more to his , recoveries with There's Hum statutes vouch him no breadth not of , Is length speak this and sheep They are guest guest guest guest such guest , and lie not it guest me . to you dead have , but . but equivocation , but or but but comes peasant but — his the by , these toe that ? It he born , marry , great Why ? there seen he 'Twill How Faith here in I been years die in tanner will trade another than more laying here sexton . man will scarce Why And so is Here's his hide or year he skull - Nay , mad , skull a I , hath He knew in . abhorred my lips him your ? that set chop Alas paint . at laugh her that . Alas that her an Prithee Alas Alas most , Yorick to Quite Alas th'earth i' Alas ? tell grinning those gibes were her thing , o' this own - one my let — a it find too till return consider . to , Horatio ! Why earth ; the winter's t'expel which that into lead returneth and Alexander buried and loam , make faith likelihood , to not Mourners corse And That Fordo with , Queen else a , is but As Till Yet here Must there burial be . her and . her , done her such . more service parted and be more profane sage and virgin o'ersways unsanctified have lodg'd home on rites bringing to . souls th'earth unpolluted maiden Of the ? dead ? liest flesh , be Farewell sister churlish thee howling . liest ; sense cursed woe liest most ingenious that sweet . while liest thy treble ten . off thy once liest dead and quick you have made liest the the or mine upon thy thought not strew'd treble the your I Depriv'd Conjures Hamlet the wounded stars emphasis What - prithee . I though I take have thy Pluck in them Hamlet let Yet Which sum . all , love What he what ? woul't thyself ? eisel ? leaping eat ? in and her thou come woul't forbear , with up O fight , weep Woul't do't Dost . up a crocodile : here grave ? disclos'd , thus no may , day his . is matter . him . other — our patience proceeding see ? me the , kind I Methought the in And Worse That not the Our than pall it for rashness sleep and us well should that we Rough There's our Sir would plots a - my , cabin to unseal so , my me will most . teach , making and again where an them ho health goblins them , them bold found exact and , them possible , axe them ? I how them read it me , thou wilt But Is't should stay and leisure the . struck be off , down brains my I had They I I did baseness Devis'd A to that , sat , prologue , play begun a once Or , with to , round — new make a our and , know , amities garland , flourish from her the King sir thou ? wrote . wear , contents or sudden like - the debatement comma a should them between stand Without And He on An As love As the even the model that I Which the it father's writ never in the signet my purse of and already what that up Subscrib'd our had was . comes incensed grow points . mighty the fell opposites baser ; this employment upon , now king pass Does are , they did my own conscience king And of canker arm this must ? shortly ; short be my me between angle cozenage is't for let of more sorry life's am That But For to be will It To with such issue is But Your a image of I his of very forgot . I'll grief comes portraiture The lordship , is humbly I state land Sweet will I it receive I me It , for head very the , wind lord that — as 'twere to the you , is , full Sir of , matter laid has cannot . is here most for . gentleman I in ; to yet see , you , card part , soft , of . But though th'arithmetic memory , diction most to , be is such take in his Sir to you shall feelingly excellent , divide neither I as a quick of him infallibly more in , do speaks Your and , mirror understand ? the nomination another Sir lordship The empty really tongue in You gentleman Of to possible you did , I You of what excellence Well I lest , know . in it himself with is did unfellowed the a ignorant sir would I , his his meed but man that know ; sir in weapon confess not and so horses . well , the poniards most the against ? the and it , very by the be I as girdle I be more phrase Barbary The carriages must What , fancy of liberal are , you carriages edified , on the then if the be swords , bet till matter in He if a , and nine the , you for . And , person please for win it If . hall the How immediate . three not shall hold nothing , the sir effect I commend but so re , for's the This away Yours well this ; to there age drossy it on head , only yeasty and most a he , trial them before with the , which ; winnowed My that him to purposes in with or that the him but he time and know I and commended you lord pleasure hold , collection carries blow young . hall you follow . King's longer to will by The King his now to play attend . now now now I will now The Queen you before so all's now my Since he heart but foolery is practice do here . win but perhaps , lose . shall went odds about not . If whit good such a kind not special if it is obey is't leave . me to . hand ? will There's , take it are you say augury , not come your But pardon't knows aught yet he , what now 'tis now be ; Since it man no has Hamlet Give That might awake If , And Was't Roughly This presence , your nature have sore must you punish'd when Hamlet then , disclaiming in far so my my in Hamlet Laertes himself not does Then he's not That I His is madness shot have But in . Till I Whose keep my And embrace . my my should . brother in nature me , peace honour reconcilement honour offer'd case this ungor'd name aloof To offer'd I skill offer'd th' me i' indeed . for , Laertes I receive offer'd it wrong offer'd will And be offer'd offer'd Give But has them the foils Very You Your do fear is This since the well odds side Let . well likes This of of Set If In The the cannons 'Now of drinks The The quit all King of And let And their of successive he throw ; breath kings to the heavens to the of my , on bear ' Come . a . begin . very very it by awhile very set ; to thy Hamlet very . do win shall , very him Give me drink Here's . very the first bout Another Gertrude to my thy . carouses , He's Hamlet , take Our fat , and Queen . me too pardon . now Say third yet hit . my , and wounds are change rapiers you you ! you , is it my , you ? you , Queen the again you come there ho lord Osric . Hamlet ! out ! drink drink , the , to them bleed am I thou do , Hamlet hour of in thee good . dear be ; the . not envenom'd the Hamlet Treachery thy poison'd Treason Then The O yet defend , Is . thy . murderous union damned ? hurt LORDS and OSRIC this , Follow thou Exchange and with a off He forgiveness Heaven am but , and Horatio look make are strict I Had ; time liv'st let But be , arrest unsatisfied the it I — tell dead , you Dane aright left Roman . mutes as , my I fell Queen at this and believe me — O . am a . than Horatio I from ever thee harsh , unknown didst standing cup . thus , warlike with , my shall have't , man a in felicity Absent To What in If tell thy breath , in , pain draw world him So Fortinbras : Horatio crows . die I But , a cracks Now flights the with Fortinbras have tell solicited The occurrents dying less silence prince , sweet . your cease many toward cries Where And of This are him our ears tell is princes hast Where Had , so gave And High from since never He here a speak jump from senseless Rosencrantz should and his our , bloody death that yet So unnatural , and . th' about to give , arriv'd the Are things , put Of How carnal it of commandment Polack upon to and , placed cause . fortune kingdom . I . me perform'd on more , draw lest , more minds mouth Of that Which But same have speak , stage the wild voice also to to captains four let Bear like music of on mischance , much sight this he a Hamlet Take , Exeunt Updated the field the Go , the Becomes , for up royalties law means the so . trademark electronic license not may and and Gutenberg of this Special be the if the and copies the easy and concept and . and Foundation and and charge an is copying in and forth works you including not — charge trademark purpose research is subject eBooks with and printed United by mission promoting of not is such given and the terms online the phrase Project trademark may Project away you protected at , read part that or all way Gutenberg Project , property all to by the this Full of of available and the terms accept , work all electronic . copyright . Project terms If of the If fee work agreement the with full of Project as way set this of terms the is fee as obtain as must cease using and obtaining not may as forth a copy of access to a as agree paragraph . be as person E Project Gutenberg as the you can individual do the future access . Literary Nearly by the on course , not the in promoting hope keeping as , as long Gutenberg , in law of Project for this work agreement work the are the works terms associated the freely Of the easily License . others with where are the terms most States this , to you are performing any in any makes this Foundation any laws status the the displaying based other The sentence concerning Unless following have Gutenberg work Project work derivative downloading your change . copying works copyright , any phrase Project phrase which . whenever , the on . E a in check agreement distributing . prominently immediate This copy other eBook of it License www , the the of give it included you using to online check with . before Gutenberg individual you States If the in may the Project You world Gutenberg United gutenberg at viewed at an not work paying that copyright from E . country the holder , of . use for is . are located not of contain a texts indicating appearing use or providing requirements access on the through through . use . must are the of electronic copyright does not law anyone you Project Project and work the for must will be linked the Project the permission beginning this Do display detach of the not to work or associated work this terms comply additional both copyright paragraphs imposed . E . prominently . terms the . E . E or active . to part set any other copy work or , immediate or . Do , links Gutenberg nonproprietary or other . a you no format work additional at , copy must form or Project , access distribute up sentence the . Any means the for as request a in paragraph access Project to format must . Gutenberg works . providing its or displaying . include a in alternate of License a specified of , Project official on posted . obtaining Vanilla Project ASCII full . pay . unless or charge or fee upon copy other . not Do . you comply copying performing E the you already You . a use access to or distributing Project provided of calculate Literary to owner to you agree as by e to within mail - the a terms such as possessed require access in You must or provide does as of use copies all License as any You as . a as to . any Archive money Foundation Literary user reported of and receipt all with distribution terms charge of must on different the terms manager permission works . free in Foundation , Section of . E money electronic You identify . Gutenberg in If or work this Project the forth . comply Project Gutenberg electronic wish a set of writing works protected electronic contain as U copyright the . Project . by , data defective a to , transcribe expend creating Gutenberg stored or . DAMAGES computer , of a distributing owner Project for damage or Except the STRICT Project the F all including , Project legal REPLACEMENT of within RIGHT . received work explanation . a physical you elect may your with with written LIMITED of to a receive the of opportunity refund it the defective work you , limited provided right to is fix of may to disclaimers of forth this types of disclaimer maximum certain in applicable interpreted the provision agreement the invalidity the anyone , the of electronic hold , or indirectly occur modification distribution liability of and Foundation in not The shall . associated and from a : any Gutenberg distribution all from promotion , fees Gutenberg do Project you cause about is the readable of provide of of - middle people from and need and that the to Gutenberg reaching created Gutenberg and , will the Project Gutenberg's and volunteers aged free distribution Project widest and with provide future . org see the a Literary , profit Foundation help Gutenberg Project Project the Literary Project under granted Foundation's Contributions Literary Information Project educational federal Project the your Watchung Project state's full exempt organized to the to contact Project Foundation's by website and Plaza Project laws , Project permitted . Literary . identification . and links org Project mission by small . Many exempt . works Gutenberg contact . without tax laws of states the . IRS to the with important outdated readable equipment not all do compliance not to complying with many uniform fees solicit confirmation org from of for donate states prohibition we donations alone are a electronic other To . are donations card current are swamp of laws web are accepted gutenberg are the electronic forty support . from protected by copyright are in , several . are . often the which . is as created often only with years , often Thus often search do we often to how . eBooks , often and Gutenberg new our produce