unfold the Stand most Stand me . Stand Stand King hour your Francisco . Stand Stand . Stand bed cold , Stand Marcellus ? there is . ground Friends I them hear think rivals , Holla Barnardo , Say has O , my What And With may Tush And fortified assail sit Barnardo , Well That let What night that course us hear of westward Marcellus dead that's the where it again . and t'illume then burns bell Look King it fear wonder , night speak I buried warlike . it and Mark It . It . to would , that ! Stay gone something tremble than ? think What ! and , sensible I ! own ! and eyes avouch believe ! angry on ; in when the strange Polacks combated he the might it art on an parle : to . hour thyself not Of So When With He smote frown'd In Thus was the before So nightly war land that , watch knows opinion : Hamlet valiant , our emulate to Our , last , the day , Norway him competent those , his ; lands , return'd had , Fortinbras of King ; as the Now of a it terms , this no and rummage of , compulsatory recover well stomach Norway to unto those this our , other the lands , resolutes , of us which watch appear by watch Is The Well it be watch our and sort watch like the in watch the the trouble to is question wars King so that the watch . dead streets moist Neptune's almost As watch think it but portentous these preceding Upon Comes , together earth and Have And A mote it the of Rome blood , fire of ! though , thou If , with trains fierce events and thing to , Lo it sound . me our Unto , Speak harbingers to and omen coming ease to foreknowing ! the , speak Extorted if it Which be If Or at it it will stand partisan ! not my 'Tis ! 'Tis here . majestical ? Do , if here of violence so , air his invulnerable , cock malicious , started to was then a , Whether Some say on dawning of The in No I So bird our Saviour's ever the , hallow'd heard , and we Break , Unto you spirit our Let look But Walks This takes So in Let's needful our acquaint we Hamlet the I pray loves what have upon will him we Where Attendant and shall to shall , Lords , seen it ? tonight my us , this death brother's woe find fitting I our duty conveniently , do't memory be in dear us whole with think , wisest discretion on ; him that remembrance sister to our with bear of grief sorrow with we That of fought contracted , funeral , and a eye , which have dole in one In Your equal jointress 'twere of ourselves our and nor a Holding thinking Now this Th'imperial in along wisdoms wife to With He to dream of those of for bonds with . surrender valiant most his father fail'd disjoint of his lands message , hears writ here of time all him with us we So of is and this , brother for , to scarcely , scope the than , good bearers business dilated articles , your commend King the these Of to let CORNELIUS ; that of Giving and you , power Norway here you personal more , To doubt what's . to is't news : it and with We , us now The hand is is shall lose The , And of Laertes , of cannot speak What . be What Than and I them confess bend pardon , thine . go last leave Polonius and says my . kind ? the you than less and hang . Denmark dust with noble in the sun die , nighted a am much i' common is , with I good black mother , shows man of nature your to , Hamlet , bound survivor , to unmanly course to But and the persevere a is heaven , as and thing be peevish 'tis a that he and ' father must From death fault Why should ? dead , who whose common theme today died you our to you unprevailing ; you most for let the father you to you you toward dearest bears For in school you . desire remain you you our to our bend you of and you obey my us ; fair accord ; that my gentle a that this Thaw weary , to ! nay — That , things to and winds my heaven had Heaven the of mother , is thy hang month were within appetite would name old of father's poor shoes even , with father tears incestuous unrighteous galled her in of . no , sheets , come cannot speed to good hold to I for my for : for for forget for Horatio for ; make good my say ? my my my report ; so my affair ere your ear my do to you what yourself My my , Would my Or — furnish Horatio the methinks my ? see I Where , In mind's Thrift coldly had seen ! marriage funeral The in heaven . meats , like in gentlemen I my the Who upon take him his Saw look , not think shall lord My My lord I The of marvel Season King , witness attent father to while may these admiration ! you till ear your God's the at Appears Goes By dumb In their to I Within And Almost jelly speak the deliver'd impart not truncheon's third as with , oppress'd before Been In Armed Stand slow , are But Form of The , My These hands was this . father , good watch like and the they did ; knew , kept time each your made not I both ? comes the upon . word platform where ? did we . methought once where ; not you motion lifted It morning But none speak , morning duty 'tis lord down of my think To But answer up And morning at And As Itself to morning the morning , it know it in our lord do you Hold morning very strange tonight my you . From I do , BARNARDO . to , Arm'd let this not face , foot ? O his wore from lord Both lord he in red Pale my , you What , his beaver he than in pale , countenance , A And very like it . no . a . was , BARNARDO . longer I haste . have would like While Very , as warrant silver'd sable I If was , It beard His Perchance it father's . this pray person will though my assume it , honour . tongue , farewell fare . 'twixt your All , arms would the you is you well to them night deeds foul are , from Do me assistant doubt trifling of ? that toy primy , not temple and you doth you not his besmirch fear , dear my chaste list . treasure songs sister open his importunity of danger prodigal beauty infants buttons , then galls 'scapes the not are rebels , th'effect to Be Youth heart of though this pastors do my keep lesson good But way to of and reckless good , puff'd as to watchman Do me And Whilst the steep too the fear But is , blessing sail shame . Aboard . these And you And The Occasion recks blessing smiles long Yet Those Look There friends thou , unproportion'd precepts thy thought no vulgar tried steel . There , your leave There you . with thy adoption . his palm There ear reserve few a thy There man's not thou There , by in few means There soul and , in man gaudy : friend ; and the censure thine that Bear't Take habit man entrance thy most a loses the thine as self be itself the and that false , follow all a borrowing France blessing I nor of generous oft thy not , rich dulls : borrower Are This must my invites do you Most I What time said The humbly said said said said said bounteous of . said to something , Marry you Ophelia , is't So bethought hath to as Give up — and on I yourself and me speak You his believe his my tenders what , not I baby call them . as think crack sterling ta'en teach ; of ; should . me you — wind importun'd you'll . not , lord tenders , are Marry you I may With hath Ay Which Or he holy vows how extinct a . fire time maiden your , as in - rate Lord is young , Ophelia presence From a he Hamlet , For may , walk higher , tether In that they few . are investments . suits . bawds for is , This any with . come . my lord , cold , air , near twelve now ? of . struck then his It , and draughts - of it a and his drum kettle The to And and Is And in manner Ay More This clepe Soil From us heavy They Makes to That As pith their nature some in their Oft for Since though some cannot mole perform'd attribute height them and , of east the though than breach the our though though and oft The Or breaking o'ergrowth though chances of in not , of Fortune's as pure stamp the plausive down form that infinite though the fault grace as undergo corruption , defect evil ! scandal Look particular in Carrying Shall I of Being virtues his the all Doth To ministers , questionable thee in the , death hearsed ; thee complete steel , of this jaws sepulchre , quietly inurn'd answer but of shake it , we desire should souls ? do What the is thoughts Revisit'st , Hath To So horridly Wherefore go and disposition of ? impartment alone if by with more what a removed courteous you some As To do will It Being not , my dreadful summit flood itself should , thing forth base his you Or That it waves . desperation Think puts many follow . lets thee . me obey will it direct . of . him this Nay , let's . me flames ! tormenting I sulph'rous and ghost will shall up up , but Alas , I up To revenge What up to father's term ? up confin'd to day for the and a up thy to , certain crimes foul burnt Are I could harrow Make thy And knotted and thy eyes each To for Doom'd I am secrets Like flesh But quills most most foul , as know't meditation sweep to thee on in thou be my whole of noble my sleeping . Now , fat wharf , Hamlet Lethe ease I duller itself shouldst forged ; that so this stir rots not given serpent Is abus'd but ; know process the thou of , orchard youth ear thy . crown soul ! adulterate that have his - with that was even marriage in a falling love whose wretch virtue , lewdness , though a the garbage on within afternoon , orchard vial , a stole air ears the courses of it milk into vigour alleys quicksilver such swift with And Most All my with vile . sleeping - most , by queen body brother's , it loathsome So about at blossoms but ! horrible nature thou Let With reckoning , off Unhous'led in , of unanel'd most ! royal thou aught that thorns mind thy , nor this her thee matin the in his sting shows - her well bosom near once to uneffectual Remember to Hold instant Remember , ghost stiffly while fie grow not memory Remember my holds ? old memory ? live brain by ! down I smile smiling set be , may it Yes ! villain be me to adieu you sworn't have and my . lord . him , lord my come , bird ? secure ho it ! O , is't How Good , tell ! it my , lord wonderful ? No would But Nor say Ay , Not no you To ghost he's a ne'er And , more villain HORATIO Such , I There's dwelling in all Denmark they I'm it your every man and you ; are circumstance and my poor : desire my business that fit so hold as You as it Look , There's an is much but offence no sorry wild Saint For And Yes are as make My lord Never And is good me tell us friends soldiers and , scholars what , you will we and , is't What , lord my , I In have thou the seen have you . ubique ? hither gentlemen , shift sword this this by of your And A Well To , or bear , odd antic me on never thus 'We speak' think dreamt of in hereafter or before things as a heaven and it , But you , hereafter , come meet - and and hereafter if we — never shall hereafter shake , hereafter would' might' hereafter , do , to Hamlet you , in . together set to The That Nay I out shall his love Let . lack on of let's these , behaviour to wisely my good inquiry lord it Reynaldo , said you do you , I ; what what at expense , well very lord his . intend Look and and did , will And how As Take they this as very well father distant demands particular encompassment company who what first , my 'I — do you come . question and you may , him be , mark son drift means and know some his knowledge , 'twere , part you know And But may As drinking , fencing , and wild none marry liberty my , Faith You my not , may meaning taints of liberty faults , fiery but may flash That he is : seem Of But unreclaimed in general blood , lord that my fetch know , you ; this do here's of warrant should my I 'Good sir According party to Of Very or with ; so the man and good What , sir — about 'closes I saw , yesterday thus so ay t'other : you in the such in with consequence' 'I , and ; of of reach , you fare , you God My son find lecture lord not my ply , let Well my matter so ? God , Lord My No , was ? my stockings I as Hamlet lord , what now With To I of so He so hat Ungart'red so as As so if so so Mad lord , As Then He falls last being with his And seem'd And He out end And the , to with go This . violent natures property to will very the the oft his him mad as letters to I heed he our move . the to King might than hate to , heard man call I nor ; did Rosencrantz and you you court our . th'understanding , What have , him , humour thus , you , put hath so thus himself should be , living remedy there will good not gather in and by pleasures may companies to him , you , hope us awhile please you . he , whom To As And Might , For To Thanks To . feet your lord amen from my , return'd of good the been hast still ? Assure I Are Th'ambassadors my lord hold not us'd , that hold this good liege King gracious so have hear ; feast . distemper he bring and , sweet the of our your , that but shall and all other it death is we , Welcome my good what first , return of look'd preparation your levies sickness in hand he his borne falsely he ; age never in more fine , and uncle Norway which rebuke Whereon On Makes th'assay of soldiers fee , allowance took . labour together . expostulate time , is and is , mad else but nothing for be all art . no I use : true go art outward mad wit madness ; figure 'tis art defect . Perpend mine , remains . pity now no use foolish . then A will . And , effect this remains him cause the have duty this . me in have a an Hath I her soul's vile but thou ill But truth never that , at best whilst is ; me show'd have not , and means ? honourable the love , man prove seen As do you . hot must what , Before would this you wing , here , tell you think , might a of What I I you my I When I I Or my my As given a lock messengers the receive , mistress I , Which she I went star , book and idle did I . bespeak with your told daughter think prince , queen I mute , herself , work herself resort to , herself raves make precepts tale into , herself , sadness , took herself then of for very , be Do he a herself lightness the And time I'd fain 'tis declension herself he and a short my of fruits repulsed you wail weakness fast — a , I know , ''Tis think Into there Hath Take It otherwise , if this will were . it ? in the hid circumstances If from it further hours . him to loose an her arras love not , state . both reading you wretch poor do . O board , I him presently good I'll Not would , are me well You . God know - mercy be man to , my maggots in true carrion a — my have I sun conceive . I was I words the , matter , words . my and , amber grey powerfully thus a set it though , I . am is lord and reason sometimes him . of willingly . life more my except . not children we over not . indifferent Good Rosencrantz On As Happy in Nor cap that soles Neither her shoe . very middle or , in privates true ; of , her . a strumpet ? favours is lord . most of None the Then doomsday , my parts secret lord Fortune she question ? that news ? my , that wards hands me Let hither the good prison is 'tis nothing my , one many are world . or too have the . dream . that it I , fay servants ; for attended Elsinore ? But you thank Were for modesties have ; sent you for , lord the , by , of whether , a with eye off it lost Queen so you fretted me , how man than is and golden with look how a moving apprehension to this majestical work of and in roof , how yet you say no ; in when you I , you was no smiling delights animals of by you then you , you laugh you lord from you are be shall her to . freely mind wont , the residence Their ? was better means , I ? when of they not . rusty ? Do ? the it goose maintains they themselves . poet question and sides There the much been has ? of . those forty find could , than , than 'Sblood than than than than come than , me Let hands tell you comply . deceived yours with The . entertainment like and appear father - my , west from hawk - north north but prophesy I to actors are you come lord my honour on his ass — poem for the , pastoral are individable only the , world too each came pastoral Seneca the - O 'One fair Israel , my he Still well had What treasure daughter , no , Why What Nay lord , you The friends , thou O row chanson will you , I , voice at anything you young valanc'd to ? Pray in me a cracked . comes I am most beard masters . By'r ! good last of welcome , mistress last of all by welcome uncurrent We'll are see . speak thee above the once in general digested such well judgements I . matter of by affectation and loved where very , much , this speaks at is The rugged now he heraldry With and is he and and lend That vile And and So , like and eyes thus and Striking and Pyrrhus to drives , in sword , discretion with proceed , well his arm spoken , His lies Greeks at Anon Rebellious Th'unnerved Stoops to his ear was And a as a Priam reverend Of like , often speechless , after hammers - orb stand the still , storm rack and region never hush death as rend Aroused Doth less armour With , Break And As It the jig Say 'The ! and diadem and th'alarm in . rheum bisson barefoot With Where had if But Who Run About up A , all stood tongue fear of her lank , late the and treason caught have blanket seen state she things made mortal burst with of Pyrrhus themselves with pronounc'd then , limbs her the them clamour move And he where I'll see the thee are players speak , his passion of soon ? bad . to a and rest bestowed abstracts much , the me , him , is hear ? Come , is in sirs is hear play study is of . Take is . is speech in't of some is . not leave . to welcome good ? down . lord my not look My , lord are ye . slave a in and peasant so soul , his monstrous rogue not what a a Tears from to forms A With That her his What's force Could Had should weep the ? the the cleave , ear and and What he ? for function aspect wan'd visage in's , free indeed of . the appal and mettled - dreams , No property whose , was defeat my , calls by the the gives , and , lungs take I to I ! Ha With As But should have ? me should bitter beard oppression liver'd the heaven unpack bitter cursing whore of by father , ass son revenge dear ! This and heart bitter very a upon't brain ! my lecherous , bitter bitter About by Been this what That , bitter Why , fall ! of have ; father my have no the him to something most murder Play mine like . and If murder organ the . observe his have and my yea , devil he quick Before They , though have uncle course my the devil pleasing my conscience . you More Get And But so a Of him forward madness will he him he you by means sounded be himself feels confess find we do we Most much with But you fell out . these him that a to of court order the are , play to . entreat ; see and me they have Majesties your delights these it so to further inclin'd content much doth . a , edge me . my , closely as we That And If't thus part good : That by their as he no happy I you obey , beauties bring Of Hamlet's , Will How , O we — much And 'Tis . ourselves here Gracious . so this conscience ! this book my Let's burden withdraw . heavy coming to to the beautied deed O him be against arrows in nobler ? them a of and end by , is sleep calamity us pause shuffled what death — off . that to When For in sleep Devoutly Must bear of oppressor's wrong makes who That would patient When That With To that The But No And And lose The How Be your humbly you longed long remembrances re , My I I I never know gave , you sweet so right for these the honour'd pray have lord I gifts No not you aught unkind ? noble perfume prove to My Are What be honest and bawd was proof . I sometime did made you virtue I cannot . me relish I Why honest better my in , nunnery What knaves arrant should them were ambitious indifferent . myself thoughts them We are upon in's marry men know wise , a for ; to If thou as a face . The Blasted sweet Now That what ? unmatch'd ecstasy and of tune sovereign blown I , soul see music and quite , most wretched of reason youth , way form brood , a his to : disclose on . see little tend prevent thus heart speed with determination tribute , play , on't grief do yet think puts commencement commencement commencement the ear commencement commencement great shall be commencement please all If she find not with him , the saw in air torrent you the it not . all , passion , tear passion fellow pated smoothness whirlwind many do for of but inexplicable a offends had acquire very I trippingly too players pronounced Nor say that robustious split it ; of me , groundlings . avoid the for dumb . capable such the ears nothing Herod are the not , is the o'erstep your you it to scorn praise , the accent that there Christians highly made , and and not one , whose image laugh pressure her , 'twere Now men be unskilful the others man . of O , and have we they others the make — that the so , spectators play quantity some on villainous some let indifferently . make of barren be For those them imitated , hope in considered . fool the make hear How King too to players hasten GUILDENSTERN help . them lord ? haste , Horatio , at , e'en as man flatter ; thee , be from I hope , fawning pregnant Why lick the thou , been nothing are - Fortune's co finger hear , choice her mingled heart . circumstance King - comment thou told the If act a soul foot , death father's occulted one we are will will detecting the to you a King a Guildenstern How ; of a our chameleon's dish a feed these are a actor and a accounted ? words you capons I so eat a ? Hamlet , kill'd . i' was him did I my What I you play'd Capitol . mark do metal that ? here's your . attractive by sit Hamlet dear my , King mother , No , my in your . lord . my I lap That's I mean think lie maids' between lord matters country meant , lord my lord . be two died . hours mother how , your heavens great ! months ago outlive his ; epitaph wear may then is half life else , 'For shall suffer for But not . black protestation of her show the Lays . leaves neck ; Queen unto forgot lovingly horse memory two build man's die lady hope he hobby a She . Enter King with , it , some three finds the or dead What She end takes exits off . crown The woos seeming action to lament her gifts the Marry shall tell us the argument means it ; all Be what it , show to you means . play . hands did bands our . and sacred most ere are , lord Yet it my hath fear doubts are do shortly to world as breast ! first . wormwood marriage but second none kisses , slave but , when unripe fruit 'tis what ourselves ending violence passion to But , unshaken that we purpose destroy themselves left grief joy . left . not left , change prove left favourite a doth . left try friend friend left so are second none overthrown husband wed day still night light , still still of it and the me pursue hence a still and that ever still , I still it me still fain leave , Sweet dull grow The And never like protests , keep , Madam her no ; no jest in the play ? This play the is his wife but us . Let King . my lord dallying , could the I keen edge . Pox bellow , raven and , Gonzago how story The . shall wife see anon fares my How Give Why The ungalled strucken the watch runs must this fortunes me and , with in with forest world of play some a a one , dear was Damon I , know A dost O reigns , pajock . a ? here now . for poisoning , the the not comedy Come . not it did very well , with sir King , me a word . him ? drink With Ay in his what him to richer with ? Is for should No me to my doctor show , lord put my Good your , your mother I am tame discourse wildly The good please my , I lord I make me to I you ; your pardon I Sir I , I I can I you make no Then thus Therefore wonderful son at , speak to with were she you ten trade times once love did us ? me pickers these by advancement have when Sir cause lack in the you is your , while see Let but as if . bold would withdraw one grows — you , my play upon with mouth Look cannot , by . out hot night me drink to ever . in use be , in in in in in . upon your many and will doth not endure . with hourly you may provide ourselves it Majesty . much of gulf a is a mount lesser cease doth wheel massy rest mind . voyage , groan general this put to free too Which ROSENCRANTZ To 'Tis my offence hath brother's A , O Though inclination stronger Is it than neglect in And I My And , there what's in the but confront prayer rain Were To Or My Can But thicker not visage of Whereto heavens ! up , force look of fall the and retain shove wicked 'tis not ourselves compell'd , rests What it can ? then What may when . our one may as not the may of bosom may struggling heart , may with born free : may ! death , steel assay . babe - be of sinews . heaven And , heavy took . When Or When . he in He . his sole this broad grossly , blown his then , as , black heaven at act , about in't some , and kick ; of in or or salvation damn'd mother My . goes soul his him , This hell whereto physic but fly up without you too silence him me screen'd round be him your Mother . that pranks have come He his Tell Withdraw coming mother . much father father my have you an a with question tongue matter . Hamlet , matter ? thy , how And come , sit , Nay Come You No , Queen to you that You glass a of murder not wilt , ho do How Dead Behind , me , O Nay a and , mother . Ay bloody As A king wretched for thy better marry brother this a kill bad with king ? fortune is proof custom it of to Almost kill Leave wringing let be thee Thou , Peace busy , it damned From And sets Calls blurs the hypocrite grace forehead oaths of the against O Makes a plucks contraction religion face mass the act . the index in , what , this counterfeit a and two of as , so roars upon grace a . world did god combination form - heaven give your your wholesome his fair husband on And Could on Blasting batten You you cannot call day in hey - this upon this you not sense it in such hath feeling cozen'd hands or a sickly . canst youth mutine her as ardour actively panders speak into . gives fire eyes see When In Stew'd Nay there Thou A No more murderer is that slave precedent and ears . Hamlet enter no corruption the Over A your A O it from Of cutpurse put A Is to ! of and in , me guards Alas thy her weakest This command go almost on but important acting laps'd amazement between step The O whet How lady dread your passion forget Do say ? vacancy do spirits the peep , excrements , gentle in hold discourse you you , fighting how to ? works Hamlet bodies in you Speak is with at the eyes , Start His him Sprinkle Upon Your bedded and Forth And the heat Look Do action speak ? perchance ? there I see tears you nothing Nor , you but ourselves , My father look ! habit in there his now nothing it he the ecstasy . at as very This bodiless This Is as My ! cunning . doth music re - me word to madness speaks of which madness , test grace soul , him of these times . bed half uncle's have mine with to purer the live And O . virtue , if worser my the , Virtue for hast throw thou away That to the gives a . angel Refrain tonight ; easy of out , good , eat in of . yet actions frock lend change devil are you . this pleas'd this minister will be bestow The death must One begins with but For their . again answer and be . good . well night . same it with : I , tempt a kisses mouse , you bed , you fair queen a craft him your paddock good , a Who all not with again you reechy in bat sober secrecy creep , ape , top the am essentially hide , break if words be breathe to that . thou What of And No , in Unpeg birds To And conclusions your , must I England to I There's Whom And man two below to petard moon shall into me room way , go . knavery the Who sir most lug one , they as trust me marshal will And , foolish an matter Good a this grave , heaves profound understand These 'tis your while seen a us son we fit is sighs ; these in Where place Bestow ? wind In , have good Ah , lord my , Which And is as Mad Whips the keep from of us bloody to unseen The To had been His , so , shall man understand owner of the kill'd some ! is body body body body ! touch this body deed done body vile away , our some dragg'd him you you : in we what haste and bring you further hath you fair both the poison'd you level As Whose whisper full is of air you woundless discord and , miss may world's come , you blank . name diameter to do , cannon mean wisest friends cannon our cannon to haply so cannon o'er done untimely as cannon his hit And cannon dismay away cannon ! GUILDENSTERN , here Hamlet . Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet on O lord And Hamlet Tell where us Hamlet you 'tis that whereto Hamlet dead kin body , Hamlet . the Believe believe Ay , authorities you soaks in the sponge King's King best in the his made be mine do ape that up needs he , when officers , sir them swallowed like you must with tell : squeezing last lord I us where but him to fox all and Hide Who have How This the offence sudden him bear , strong find ; him on the body ! loose away Diseases . sending . we not like By ? Where , How the now body where But Guildenstern , Ho , Now Not politic fat worms where eats e'en your to the with may fish man but but lean to us fat Nothing hath fed thou What show of to see him if , you . go seek you the not you up lobby as th'other heaven i' you nose But If your indeed for Hamlet — send ; Hamlet , For , With Which So is , Ay if our ! England ; for , come , knew'st . But mother Hamlet wife and mother my is . so cherub it loving . hence seal'd him Come have speed and you is at — awe , coldly not at , England , to my know blood he , set me . king I effect ne'er conjuring of Hamlet thou process , that joys For the cure like haps me . his by . conveyance of know let will his Go his Go his And express kingdom the him Tell his his How Against sir some Who purpos'd to old Norway against Or commands The nephew , To hath five This is inward man That Will Two the Why dies God b' th'imposthume breaks , thank . you go I'll go be spur How Be go straight What ? feed good dull his If go go To go And I To I yet Witness this . Why thought which ever three cause do't have , too coward live to Led all that Exposing for Even Sith quarter'd precisely — hath , parts spirit Whose army not greatly my the eggshell , by a mouths Is And a at to stake quarrel great , to what stir while To the graves like cannot this while fight my stain'd while , while while while . have father her ? she speech the carry Yet unshaped use of is , for much , to . collection up yet with unhappily they and straws fit nods there sure think might own aim , breeding . may . thought thoughts heart hears doubt nothing is nature amiss . is be guilt to fearing to come her conjectures in as Majesty Ophelia the Where now of in sin's artless in I your beauteous ? staff . shoon sandal his spills his Say is dead Nay , He is At sweet And you imports song . snow mountain look Larded bewept to with did ; showers ? not flowers . daughter How say not but , Conceit be was her we a upon have no Tomorrow means , is , you but : father . what table window this Valentine's chamber Valentine . on't an , I'll Saint if Alack and Charity shame and do't an Gis are before tumbled come by , they , promis'd done me ha' not hath she be must come hadst You . How I night ladies this , from in his , battalions . the , son they , First herself just ; inter him and we come are to pictures containing as death , ear France but author , whispers greenly her which from we fair or matter of of speeches on Her brother is in , buzzers his person our . me superfluous Gives Alack what noise Let ? his . the Where the , a in with of door What yourself them ? the . list lord my Danish dogs . clouds trail , cheerfully , hands shall and we ! Laertes of ! ' , king without . in will vile king father O thou . Laertes me bastard proclaims chaste mother — would , our ? person Gertrude , go him . Dead man my Let That came to grace he dead and both damnation I And They My I'll for all ? for go for them . revenge , and for in his loser will for None but Winner , sweepstake for for To And , his like good Why , true a and a That Like am to you speak father's grief your . 'pear in that ? weight by paid O be virtue of rose of Ophelia instance , it bier a , hey tear many and false daughter . for love , remember fitted you for remembrance thoughts pansies This is you for rue me There's turns and a with but wither'd when good sweet Robin favour again come not , thy was All beard He His never , cast And ha' souls all Christian God of He And commune commune And choice Or life jointly commune it be commune — bones , burial commune his ; obscure o'er commune ostentation — with speak would . me pray So the . fall in part from the Hamlet . you that should , th'ambassador , as to a Lord , your . it for . give we gave . warlike compelled be . if . God and't from at to and me repair ear speak thou good , our like words valour me light I for with thine the am in of the much as have knew them , we On their what the very have they : thee much . sent I have dealt am course . for will are bring Farewell . thee way that whom from them . me must have hath and in acquittance seal you So appears crimeful against your heard which As safety , wisdom , feats . with heart for ear your he your conscience must Sith you Why proceeded . things my a , But by to or as a moves not The go , mother , unsinew'd , all nature in were mainly You Would spring faults wood to affection him not might I count the his that stone bear their that loud love dipping like his slightly have where And Would gyves Too not Convert virtue , plague Who the great Whose . for that all perfections worth Stood your let made our , father pastime lov'd I we But mount driven I back not dull . shall teach What ? now , her it think hope your lord I from to the Hamlet you to ? we and , Who ! From , my Sailors Tomorrow us that Claudio ; I He not them ? hear you Leave brought . them shall to more I shall asking , Are hand ? rest eyes . your I ? back ? ' him let very my . But him and live the sickness — ' his come my heart teeth ? by How otherwise me — be it It warms lord If voyage ripe choose I , he me peace him but fall my will that now a . breathe , the . uncharge wind shall I The To his it , not work now , he exploit to shall no it , rul'd devise I That seen Here And Importing light The Than I've Had With That Come So had he been short A So shapes he unto He incorps'd So and grew brought his his horse So my , thought topp'd tricks So far . So So . life He . Lamord indeed you confession made He And He in a is He very He The all gave art cried sudden He to this , wish , guard with , He so nothing o'er out , Now coming He Sir but ? father time by love not is and of do in by then there And hurts Hamlet To , place should More your back comes yourself cut Will No indeed , should murder chamber ease , excellence together : the in free bring , that choose of you so ; He practice , mountebank a no unction purpose , that mortal So This better have We'll ! When he that As And A If chalice make your for solemn more purpose Our for chance , prepar'd end dry , that your calls tread Your sister's How may , on violent escape the by he One they follow That There shows O Drown'd fast is But Of crow our - That liberal his daisies , make name fingers call and , weeds wide , herself coronet tunes distress long her it with melodious poor my hast To garments her of a like Or , death , But yet , Ophelia . tears her When Adieu be have The And Too is therefore what it I trick our say It will Let woman shame much let's to Therefore follow it fear her herself finds her be this will give . burial own and unless Why How I if act it act an , is Nay , hath sat be 'tis found else so be and . argues herself be drown It . se I to mark himself water . not — man , Ay Argal But is , had o' should truth on't marry Christian . even Come , this Christian more or There more folk gentlewoman she have their profession gentlemen up bore Adam's ? they pity that no great ancient . arms the I'll mason put another The purpose Scripture , none thou Go that says is gallows does gallows the builds tell , me a To't . Who is well maker well stronger than built ; ill do well a Marry , now , no ; about Ay can , tell . Cudgel contract The houses youth , Methought To O a ; for beating when ; thy In O methought it him in fellow no was time for , business ? behove my , meet the steps into land his with in and age claw'd Hath But so ; made hand me clutch , this might politician jawbone which , once such been could 'twere , Cain's of would could might horse he lord 'Good , be might as in my say morrow God , did knave the first How that a , meant such it - a might ! one , sweet lord my ; no cost spade shrouding clay guest a pit a - to of pickaxe loggets and O a For , quiddits . another Why he such For his not may and of tenures knock him great , the of action of vouchers with , recovery Will than of his sconce his the dirt , buyer vouchers about tell double to shovel dirty Hum . statutes him , to more breadth no this the his fine his , will in's might , have Is of a pair this in purchases pate of ; double The of fines fines fine and vouch this — assurance sheep . ha , his of lands length more no have of made calf - that ? I . will mine the . 'Tis . liest is in't 'tis is not liest and in't be to part on't I for for from dig , woman man no What For Who 'Tis quick that How absolute undo is is been courtier the the he ! picked a i' the the , woman . it the heel By the knave grown grave galls must sir , Lord ? day . he tell that can fool why his England into It very last day . to't that mad since Fortinbras is is Every he Ay he because , Cannot was , marry Why ? there ? e'en , with Faith 'Twill be not How they say pocky you . some year have as he ? nine your the do it - I know Whose was Whose skull three for on him This skull mad fellow's it mad , sir rogue not a flagon This ! was ? gibes hung fancy excellent Yorick how those , now Here I , him He in my , knew , abhorred lips to ? her that laugh thing at wont , table Prithee , chop set Quite let ? fashion ? this that me What's Alexander And so , may of to thus ; Alexander him as dust But stopping it consider jot till stop that that a returneth and Imperious Might , but t'expel ! Here their is ? rites maimed , courtiers ! awhile 'Twas of desperate doth some mark ? estate Mark ceremony Couch they own the corse with it a Laertes That Till She And been Her maiden here bell is been flints the we have that in trumpet been Shards strewments allowed should unsanctified been death far ; been , have lodg'd been . home , her thrown rites be her and , be there should sage be violets minist'ring A be be be . When May thou What Sweets , I I hop'd thought flowers thou bride - have ten Whose Fall thy And , times . a flat o'ertop dust old more in mine and earth a made skyish you quick the most Hold have Depriv'd To I him Like let Thou am in me . them Hamlet I Why Make do't woul't ? come so here to let will and her whine . tear ! thou'lt do a ? I what him God of For love show , weep Woul't I'll Woul't And as as as cat Let I you good as last night's him , may it he his . as present over your . as day the watch we ; upon our our proceeding a shortly ? the other ; monument shall circumstance fighting , know teach the dark , withdrew , unseal reasons , Horatio , command too , life , my where , where axe where where where . where read the of read . proceed read read read read , flourish King , sudden to more or these , time ? less charge , great further like comma still like the her 'tween their view - and Without He Not Folded , was in Now ; this , safely Danish , the to . Rosencrantz to go fight are Was Thrown Does To it that hath kill'd , Between pass . this is incensed conscience , upon my life , is't th'election , stand hopes not proper my king thee It him To further In is thank is , good my is fertile gracious a beast be but of to vice a lord 'tis dirt chough , Peace I ; sir you lordship No more your to possession his lordship and the , if from were of let mess king's in receive with thank , lordship lord No I your you it me cold very , right believe is it lord lord indifferent , is it ; his head sultry sultry my hot , my wager , to good faith for ; believe mine I come you divide yaw , his him neither , take I , lordship who Your sir Laertes all's Of to What His know ; approve ignorant , his , sir , I are not know for but to that of well man lest a sir has assigns I faith he King The which their , What be you must carriages The knew The . would horses be more would I sides conceited german to : all hits to my , mean walk day in with his , yours there . himself turn with it drossy of them and carries Majesty his him lord hold , constant mine King The to some you use to me fall and The Queen You will my heart odds the : but . well it we whit If your If a now has not be aught man , Give me This But knows your when If he's Hamlet , it Hamlet does , And does , not not ? then himself , it His , be and , was Hamlet , Laertes denies If't , that is wrong'd , stir honour time that love , peace . offer'd . Come offer'd offer'd And Your offer'd skill I your not will will us the brother's offer'd Stick fiery your offer'd I'll Give be , foil like them since do he is fear Very You by ? weaker , the wager ; seen therefore , exchange ordnance first . have both , length breath shall , which throw he Hamlet's worn kettle that answer the stoups , of of battlements in the quit If Set Or their the than The The cannons And let In And all Let in trumpet to the you Come Come And A hit give , Stay One very ; again me , Well , set the ; first him Here carouses to Good The take my , rub Hamlet do ; I my , lord the is . It I madam , Gertrude pray not Aside My lord yet And I . Aside almost I 'tis do almost Come for afeard am almost Have ? so you you you make almost the almost I almost neither Nothing Hamlet wounds Laertes almost they , again . change . lord ! Osric , Laertes , a , drink the bleed Queen own ? world . half can Hamlet ! Treachery Hamlet ! Ho drink the it Let Seek out the door be lock'd . slain . LORDS and OSRIC this Treason me ? thee , It is Exchange and my Nor father's poison with me death on me follow , I Queen Wretched audience fell , I could I am , at chance , have't . believe ; be . Horatio my dead , my from good standing the cup thus Let As antique Never some a thee To Fortinbras Young in harsh What Things . go draw felicity breath pain , is thou didst Horatio , what me awhile , heart come conquest warlike die hear prophesy I live poison cannot The O I , quite I the ambassadors has The . from gives does of a cracks Why him He the Good sight hither to , thy rest prince sweet night is more . thee . drum the heart Now quarry This What That is thou bloodily So so in princes hast many on or wonder proud O eternal , gave jump commandment of we him senseless his and should Where That so the it from his mouth the , you , I , mistook forc'd . audience . more lest perform'd on , draw to more mischance . ordnance shoot much . which a amiss , a as this , sight soldiers here field bid bodies replace be protected — of . after the , and protect copying to apply , license , you ! print can forth permission and is , trademark if you paying not purpose given and States United or with way United United . Project Gutenberg United United this , of United and Gutenberg must electronic works of cease by return agree not Redistributing have obtaining a not a paragraph bound a abide do using to intellectual understand part of work , agreement this paid electronic a may an this of works preserve free if There below without C complying you that be things to . works Project The . or . even bound by the with do can in Gutenberg Gutenberg agreement . of Project Foundation in the and you to or displaying a will to compliance . what a in Project in access you to you Project support electronic associated attached it , work concerning the country E distributing . immediate any , copy is , the work States no almost United the re . you using this check it or eBook use the laws not the comply must If are you anyone distribution . phrase before Gutenberg electronic S is that the individual the Project beginning or , or any with or . paragraph electronic distribute , E . work . of the Project in Project part full the containing License to access nonproprietary . distribute or copies electronic work , display work form provide any proprietary Gutenberg format no used work , access or in in exporting cost , paragraph official . works official format official official the or . E official include providing from electronic official or Project the in format , official owed the derive . is has paragraph trademark , to payments profits you of method fee he Royalty specified or but returns Project a by . paid notifies discontinue Gutenberg Gutenberg Project in the refund defect days of Project of receipt full paid days physical medium return to other a terms the require must You . License any electronic for accordance terms a terms provide money paid a comply . terms . Project Project in work terms or with terms terms group , you Contact below copyright these errors , by virus be computer a , cannot or Literary Refund Archive , trademark to YOU RIGHT OF any you The , medium you REFUND work choose in may demand lieu provide person work the you to of replacement is this for . allow not or limitation do limited the , Some work limitation right fix problem 'AS a you - IS' set of F damages warranties . the or applicable You trademark - copies provision of , harmless you deletions Information the b , work and works or additions agreement Gutenberg any distribution all and arise production or any including electronic the works exists Gutenberg and future for to come Project about and Gutenberg created to help can page more about Literary how permanent . and . and Foundation Archive the Project the and efforts your To Project critical collection with volunteers Project provide Gutenberg . Project at donations Archive organized the information Project learn Foundation Project Project granted the Project exempt EIN and to Foundation's Project . is Service Mississippi deductible federal tax Project under the the to laws - office gutenberg that its equipment status particularly with . maintaining Many regulating United it takes up keep exempt a and in meet the of the . To locations SEND states . donate accepted us not solicit . status gutenberg requirements do solicitation unsolicited check the statements donations any the donate ways , S Professor and methods Gutenberg freely which all Gutenberg a are often notice volunteer eBooks For forty support . Hart Gutenberg shared concept Project eBooks of unless facility start keep how at website to our , Foundation including Archive subscribe to This how necessarily :