there . Who's , Nay come carefully most , your bitter to , mouse , quiet . make . good meet them hear Give my watch Stand I I think farewell has my good Barnardo hath . you liegemen good the to night Dane Give who . night there Horatio ? Welcome , piece has 'tis seen good , of , Holla him thing this , What , With Therefore this says belief nothing Marcellus seen him this come it to . apparition awhile our your again 'twill , our night appear , seen have we once down assail , Barnardo sit two night that's , heaven . westward of of , Horatio . figure thee . break scholar not a It . harrows Most be it Question would me this time Horatio with and King to , speak thee charge is . stalks charge speak I it speak ! of buried and not will , something Is now Before my Horatio not true more speak away , 'Tis he he once was thou frown'd Without God think mine sensible What He the to our know by gone he the to observant land that watch , opinion whose war brazen of cannon the most me and , I not eruption scope and same such strict mart might goes appear'd Our this that inform from shipwrights , can I so now by most our Hamlet , last us , to joint that can . me even you That , the Whose as know Fortinbras Norway , of esteem'd by and , which , compact , all by young , full lawless food up skirts unimproved carriage To which King of Fortinbras lands his those the a inheritance ; of mettle the the ; as , and resolutes which to ; unto us of But it hath As by Is this Of So a That high the be Well source the main motive of this those , foresaid I chief e'en other our may father this haste but King mind's of Rome blood rummage watch think Comes In A squeak stood most the The little was sort that so of Roman dews , is mote graves ere and trouble in tenantless state and the fell eye . eclipse moist fire of And the like where climatures earth omen Disasters As to there hast , me use and ! voice to foreknowing speak , happily to any any it blast me . country's avoid done , countrymen good thy O , If Speak , behold though thee art if they and walk ! fate in , spirits of speak Stop say treasure Speak hast the Marcellus partisan Stay it with thy , I , womb Or Extorted it . Which thou thou of ! to you oft death may it , if For Do it it here will strike 'Tis 'Tis blows vain was We it it And is like have guilty crew morn throat , or his sounding the I and day of cock The Whether the Upon then it with Awake This Doth his a And It sea And nights no dare long , comes cock of in , the - at spirit , that celebrated truth hies air the made 'gainst then and takes are singeth all hath power stir night witch , is the So No , hallow'd of high mantle believe the ever , so do in the , we So , wholesome no Wherein faded dawning fairy Some say , o'er have spirit , young I , and of bird Let's As But find , our Do watch impart Hamlet needful Let our the Walks will to , it . grief hearts one , Hamlet , him pray , fitting our morning that brow think memory yet be green , of with , our him ourselves in be To Yet That Together sometime jointress this now state on ; befitted brother's Lords Laertes Voltemand , death marriage joy , whole wisest in dear kingdom us , and discretion sorrow Th'imperial Have auspicious contracted to with dropping dirge have For know that ; as sister with with remembrance , defeated we our , of Now state weak . which all brother's death , message with advantage , delight , writ the proportions full and The His lists , subject rid , to are and Voltemand all greeting good of no Cornelius this King power scope . allow more of to haste further and we levies , dispatch , Fortinbras , that you , herein impotent Who and bed - scarcely farewell , Laertes made . than personal to here articles the our show will , your , VOLTEMAND wouldst offer instrumental , heart thy Laertes , heartily , Dane with ? beg suit the is't Laertes you ; Laertes , asking thou is To show my duty lord have the not thy , throne wouldst in return and From though coronation France ? Dread leave My your duty gracious wishes must Yet now thy He I And my it ; leave go , thine hour more clouds , at time be will my Laertes beseech seal'd him and ; petition hard . on kin cousin best little it my friend Denmark noble , cast with in the sun less than kind , vailed thy a nighted . too still and colour i' like , that so common through like so , it , Why If to that thy 'tis like Good not for ever ; I know , like Nor 'Tis Nay customary of solemn mother , seems dust like thee with like Thou Ay like seems , my No These they with Nor madam not nor dejected , moods the cloak it , Seems good , eye , play might passeth suits your Hamlet , bound woe ; the of haviour all and these know , filial To Together are have give shows you trappings your father , do In must the within obsequious I which to sorrow unfortified , unschool'd to grief to 'Tis is But the term sweet , thing peevish a to heaven , and as , cried still whose , dead first the From 'This A what any the know It Take are You I Do for corse most our we to it , against reason of be unprevailing . We think note , theme died throw us , remain our of you in . you to retrograde bend , cheer In , As going to , comfort all , And with toward cousin impart Than that which school intent your Wittenberg . cousin prayers her ; lose cousin in Here Let chiefest And It cousin we the cousin in and , son . Wittenberg cousin , away cousin would flesh bruit , again melt ! dew , flat How O canon Or - all ! too resolve and earthly solid fix'd ! Come into itself that this not , it But her Seem grows months too ; That things uses , of come rank an gross woman month yet appetite she beteem 'tis fie merely So he remember it what A little which , all beast — name shoes of were grown would is old mine my , father , month a most married she thy , month she or , and Why , within hang poor , Why even ? As fed on increase of , if Niobe , Frailty on't not Than With Like God father's I not break or to tongue . my with Marcellus you ever , well : forget lord servant , lord you good — my that say , shall very see faith , truant of truster would am But what came think prithee I it to your know your are in deep drink I A I to your , my , my heaven . The the father seen met had Did lord my he I — Thrift . father my ? Where I him was He , look like father admiration I Season With I I for till of to For I marvel witness attent This me hear . together I , I on Barnardo waste dead Marcellus love an Upon ear Two and God's nights the . may I thus point and solemn pie watch gentlemen of like - thrice their he , This the , me , walk'd him impart third deliver'd . time to length cap your father - fear act they whilst truncheon's to Goes slow By Within Almost with , Form are I word and oppress'd their In I And Stand , apparition The jelly with , to , father your made secrecy dreadful them motion lifted Itself My lord , but , in our , from . duty me ? tonight of lord honour'd think let sirs our beaver up ? his he Pale . frowningly head his wore you or in anger , Most been like like It would upon I very have tell and with , haste . moderate one , Very there . hundred . might BARNARDO . in sable ; again . no saw't , Not beard was If it , walk . all you pray . your silence , I my whatsoever an tonight but it speak it hitherto And the And peace tenable hold be 'twixt , fare twelve . well to platform loves it hell noble you will itself father's though , still gape , sight hap in shall understanding your Give requite duty arms your as father's Upon all the , is farewell ye come were deeds . Farewell , my still sit Our mine honour . not rise ! the ; not soul o'erwhelm My Though are you his primy the doubt me let Do , Hamlet A and sweet of . but But is assistant hear and a from , nature , grow temple the waxes now besmirch ; will thews And ; himself of . For The His The head the Unto sanctity And greatness He bulk and The wide now not Whereof his in your the for he Then so particular must birth whole choice as subject to persons state ; own on for ; unvalu'd , his depends be he body this of therefore must his he far . It voice and yielding says is Denmark deed the The And it Ophelia she To his , your . dear affection treasure , sister : youth in lies strokes good But . itself The Virtue If Out Fear Too canker before the Contagious the and are safety imminent be . enough moon keep ; treads , fear though none good lesson way not primrose a steep rebels to Show I , The here stay smiles double . reckless to heaven . wind And in few . stay'd you are Yet Look Be any Give familiar them Grapple A double blessing is a grace ; his act no thy my blessing sail for . with . shame tongue , vulgar steel entertainment memory you voice may of being but of comrade means adoption may with may censure thine a hatch'd dull unto not - may the But For they a most oft For may Costly th'opposed man Take may man's apparel in may Give the both dulls borrowing Are may This must false to ; station man the of a and of own the season ; true be , have you do The invites in my memory lock'd your , well in . said servants my said it said Lord said time private 'Tis told said please So said way do You And As Affection it What Do believe you I , his tenders You ! his my , hath is If between behoves not do have I'll you Unsifted in ? yourself for true love importun'd — ta'en you my , Or it are That you these to thus lord given With Ay When My all almost I how burns tongue blood their more the Lends the light take heat , rate Hamlet young higher From a , know brokers few walk ; time , daughter may , are , implorators of In at of scanter to in him Than Believe And may not Do give words , my for : from and sanctified to or lord the with ; you ; is it cold eager an ? hour The It a it not . and it the I lacks I lacks of air . then my of drains lacks Wherein ? Indeed held his draws to lacks rouse ; lacks bray lord mean King The pledge lacks thus upspring ? the season lacks , reels Rhenish observance west other nations a . his swaggering the trumpet his his The my the - the manner The triumph to More us traduc'd our That in pith The , Makes Oft By Since of wherein it , From And As some vicious forts of are they and too , men that , these much ; livery pales that , of star defect , o'erleavens reason , origin complexion nature particular of scandal substance or , the Shall His The Or of I be as undergo censure man the as , As that own . take , dram , defend from lord . comes or or wicked intents airs a or may they ! Hamlet thee , but ignorance charitable canoniz'd not royal in , thee the in death , jaws , complete mean ! thee thy to , their I'll hell shape sepulchre hearsed bones me Be heaven blasts me in of glimpses shake Wherefore and ! corse , is why Say To horridly night thee op'd ponderous again the the this marble inurn'd quietly steel moon What again dead up , thou Revisit'st thus fools we beyond So With To some reaches the , What should we do courteous it . no do , means with I go not No , not a with you Look will . lord life it itself to , then then , then cliff then horrible sovereignty base other then of Think desperation then ? sea then brain every , form reason , it . off you ; rul'd , artery fate Nemean lion's . not . nerve gentlemen . me . follow , him me out , this the call'd My I makes cries that Unhand heaven I And as — desperate away ! Go on to will state in rotten ? Nay . obey He what will . this , wilt . let's it . and Alas My Whither tormenting to am , when , So to what , poor the father's term the I confin'd Doom'd Are foul and in fast to of , in spirit crimes Make tale and up And am done But prison blood , on from unfold secrets a eyes . list list ! house - that days nature fires , spheres O , porpentine particular flesh ; stars Like like soul freeze And O most their to locks ; God Thy ; If Revenge most this Haste thou ears of Murder his foul foul But me know't foul or shouldst itself , in out stir this so ear Hamlet Lethe , hear . thou death , Now in , unnatural . swift , Denmark the than , fat sleeping of my , orchard process know his on apt . weed wears thy but a me ease my , shameful gifts lust uncle , uncle have queen prophetic uncle that , vow decline poor ; off there beast uncle adulterate traitorous ! soul uncle to was to be bed uncle shape it natural her went it me what ! to O uncle those Though mine court though Will So of And lust ! With soft prey I . me juice in And always Sleeping methinks of leperous gates and as a enmity such The That whose effect vial hour be of distilment courses , a pour ears thy afternoon the stole in body of , sin unanel'd of , even Unhous'led life Thus Of lazar a instant blood vigour it doth alleys with crown , disappointed in with If Let all reckoning No with ! A But and bed hast thy with be bear nature horrible my O ; with nor mother for thee , soul incest act her this with bosom her sting glow The her mind Denmark me adieu - 'gins , worm thorns . the pale ? heaven host Hold What . Remember matin thee once , pursu'st leave uneffectual instant ? O , thou bear , couple you me stiffly grow ! Remember memory in Fare to well his adieu to And , fire ? earth , past heaven brain damned villain ! in so is , smile be and set . villain Meet sure least one tables the youth Yea , All saws of books My Within is lord sworn't adieu My there 'Adieu I am are have I , MARCELLUS , be . ' . to may , you . uncle So , my . Lord , ho , ho , Illo , Within . be bird lord ? Come ! ho news ? wonderful noble , is't my What lord , tell it , you'll it by . secret heart would , Ay you'll by There's a But you Nor HORATIO . heaven my villain go own all the we fit it Look whirling my desire and ; wild I'll , hath every they , no I'm are sorry faith my heartily words you heartily offend man for business — offence but and lord , friends between And poor , ghost It And an your O'ermaster't , and , we known HORATIO what lord My my lord ? request . seen We under the , by . cellarage truepenny indeed swear oath ubique Then you Swear we'll this of ? that by Come Swear speak my of that . seen ground hither lay to ! old Swear Swear your Never worthy said Hic And of odd soe'er I or before , perchance in never at antic an To as hereafter shall help and it strange wondrous welcome Horatio , would' , they if , might' and giving or or some could out : to not this help and phrase we if need , note do gentlemen me as love man poor do a Let us friending Hamlet you , to you and your on out ever Nay , was marvellous lord my wisely , Danskers . to and will money this notes these . it lord said and my son and I , My ; me By 'twere some of knowledge and father what what who well And What intend did . are in where they sir keep you question , rank that , take and none , wanton him so you marry ; be in 'And Addicted What ; I but Ay , forgeries may , youth Quarrelling Ay he mean , he's very , liberty and wild of heed so companions such dishonour As But lord the charge so his incontinency dishonour my not or my noted My open scandal of liberty ; season , as and seem That's . that drift , this — mind unreclaimed blood warrant of my do assur'd son . 'gentleman' or him , would or addition 'friend The party ever you closes in seen ; the and breathe in the little Having And You laying soil'd , th' Your then — to say something ? ' be , guilty in . the you Of about Very , mass , I 'closes the or closes He then such 'I and : with , I about consequence sir good , does my was By or Videlicet 'I There , Your And , a brothel falsehood windlasses takes this and of bias , you sale' the marry ' 'gentleman . ' forth out at o'ertook ; ay t'other in's , gentleman day and perchance , of , enter tennis' a find lord have you and assays You former of wisdom me , inclination , Observe in yourself my my . what's I now , lord head his in With doublet his upon what , Farewell . to each purport foul'd of have Ophelia , been so affrighted . was name the matter with a , down Lord As as Ungart'red , shirt if To I know , Pale hat speak of had fear , No he took goes with Then My not lord He would a his And profound , it do of thus . it As head end And , At to other to thrice He sigh That way all shatter such What wrist their his piteous to seem did draw it little thus a He being seem'd And his head over without light . find his bulk and waving . his , he so his And with seek , undertakings go with me For He , shoulder eyes will of am on , me . late — heaven , denied and any natures lord did not meant cast to had That does good hath fear'd did him that seems it common the go , close the opinions our love to utter jealousy , it you provoke . King we , than and to you so What that that Resembles More I So Hamlet's hasty need , much have Something you see have I the , it nor being so Of That To vouchsafe neighbour'd dream of your of it heard him both court , remedy unknown pleasures so rest days youth his than Since inward man him humour in from cannot since And show more he . time much your expend am adheres awhile please you much men , little him aught open'd so supply visitation such will of talk'd . thus gather may afflicts lies us receive remembrance have majesties profit with If gentlemen , shall Both your you of , and of our and , sure he , by Your the For to To fits As Might your the And My bring I changed And beseech , these make Pleasant son Rosencrantz gentlemen to And . and our practices , helpful from Thou think it hath to policy — trail — the of or and lord my do As Both And still my not us'd O of the them hath them he so this my to , Hunts that sweet source and me grace of fruit th'ambassadors do Thyself Voltemand , no other sift our . in . found that distemper the son's desires and to truly the appear'd brother suppress he , first To sickness sent 'gainst , to , out griev'd arrests , fine , hand of good out greetings look'd , in brief ; him which he whereat impotence , Highness your better so ; rebuke vow th'assay thousand , in more and age ; and in , Polack it for to joy your uncle , fee dominions of and further against entreaty might your : pass , business , our are consider'd at And Meantime for well : soldiers shown herein regards therein It On home well you , As and to is to be night is , nothing majesty My , brevity limbs and waste outward flourishes mad is to . to what , but . matter but nothing that with I swear I use , and day the it soul time . wit son of figure true him out this For say find rather Or we That remains — her Hath To daughter me , ill That's and have cause the the of A . true 'tis And us the defective hear . is beautified 'beautified' , effect this . phrase shall a will from vile , are I but a , faithful be . move fire the thee I , stay Came dear Thine And out time by , mine his daughter show'd , and . But doubt lady in by my means . it not best this ear you how All hath to of love place me him solicitings ; believe , whilst , O dear love I , When I What But Or my my had look'd a is Hamlet And my That she be not must no , done a — took should she the short into a a sadness , he Thence And ' prince thus , of thy wail we madness Into to Thence Fell a wherein repulsed , to into wherein by wherein . ''Tis I'd be a positively very ? wherein . ' wherein otherwise it , if I prov'd such may wherein this find four does a So him walks the centre truth If you indeed in You such may is we try it further ? not reading , then her thereon . leave me , poor beseech try fall'n comes away Hamlet lord - God know you , my Do Excellent I so would , a fishmonger . my world thousand ten my lord very That's For Honest you Not in carrion daughter , you breed , to dead my — a a maggots sun be , as this , true dog , Friend Conception by you Have have sun . to in I'll at first truly me How her walk daughter may youth ; Aside . not Words words matter Between again my conceive said he gone I I Still — What harping was words , him is the who that read eyes that satirical it old grey amber , powerfully of have and down you . in't method , most - sir . their ; should weak faces the the ; a plentiful it most thus lack they says here to I . my is a set old slave have am honesty not and are backward of on , and my will leave of him his as my yet this air often that from , between ? Aside grave — the take I the meeting . sometimes I my leave me take I except my life you to withal sir You Guildenstern Ah , there ; Hamlet save . is he you ! dear honoured ! Rosencrantz good My lads children her my middle ? of . her privates true the of most is ? waist , a lord , of Faith Fortune None near doomsday Then , Fortune have , a , one wards dungeons at me . hither lord good is world confines . one is me too . it for myself king dreams in I a . worst lord narrow your bad . shadow of the . substance have of dream nutshell it be dream hold then Why ambition makes for light monarchs . heroes fay . court itself merely are ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN . and a you shadow shadow's and For quality airy and . my Elsinore But I . is it , our man such . am it Is justly friends my visit To you that , your . should Come But purpose , of other free were sent good . my come too lord a I dear ? enough confession To colour . to I me But what end our what a for which no with , of of were by our you . be To What Guildenstern love have Nay consonancy even and I . ever direct whether conjure obligation , you better you prevent no moult . love for . If sent hold , your , forgone all this have , my of ; that promontory in noble golden , with custom it I discovery disposition o'erhanging reason admirable : woman , in how of why pestilent and this congregation , feather lost goes And seem in my , action ; what . me' no dust though my there laugh then angel , in world Why , was , quintessence ? My , paragon the lord the shall lord of you you you coming to not coted , shall foil his welcome man lungs end target in th' verse them We his man in plays sigh shall the are receive they or the in such , delight in reputation and . of means both residence . they are Their better city profit estimation they they so followed Do I the same travel they it chances their those you hold ? think inhibition was did ? not . was I are Do in little so for't tyrannically , eyases — pace but there when most berattle and of , aerie longer the , they no ? goose - than are should and common them and sides players writers as no money the a for both There ? Will say to went — nation ? that — them children quality if , are afterwards rapiers maintains throwing Is't . the . make sin no question player it the has the poet on exclaim their they , most like if them unless controversy do much possible ? been Do O for , for for . it than natural , King father while at is , there my more uncle apiece out my boys carry ducats strange very make is not something and 'Sblood find the fashion this , You must the deceived , uncle the , my are Gentlemen the you welcome is outward but the But appurtenance west - the the , the you yet That hearer swaddling Happily , baby - mad will My comes he right lord news have , the Guildenstern to them to tell . tell : a child the me come players . my . lord , tragedy , individable nor , pastoral for ass Roscius Buzz my each world come , and Israel had the writ The Upon honour are the light or tragical pastoral - too Aside on my th' Still right no daughter Why , Jephthah O judge , What The and — more . he fair which lord 'One i' What Jephthah my then , as know God , chanson abridgement comes ! old in Denmark am glad . since I God Pray . is friend is , than voice not of my I was where , you see valanc'd like you of . passionate chopine . then and of It , O . masters row to , We'll e'en beard , By'r welcome ladyship French Come my What uncurrent by the speech quality gold a your welcome We'll piece mistress ! like , play speech . a lord it top the method might the , acted not or if fly at , I of with in as mine received , never it lines , live your of speech . to Priam's line this speaks Aeneas' tale and Pyrrhus . 'Twas . by , begins sable resemble , the lay Black It The he as chiefly . I nor at is his , affectation begin their And thus eyes 'Fore God , my So , spoken lies him with . seeks you , hellish antique . sword His Roasted and . murders vile To Rebellious to this , drives whiff falls , lo , command to father to prisoner Stoops Th'unnerved reverend Pyrrhus' base i' , will his seem'd the th'air to , a with in , arm Priam . flaming of with senseless Ilium fell sword his , stood stand Pyrrhus' the and , stick Pyrrhus his matter . head storm the see Did neutral on speechless ; region falls on than for gods . proof you ; eterne her her wheel , sword sleeps on . he , fiends down and spokes round mobled on a , This as nave 'Mobled and That's He's shall It to a jig ; of bawdry to come head that , clout upon threat'ning up steep'd . pronounc'd — the a venom in robe , then sport malicious them in the not she all of , burning his And have , colour and heaven clamour — clamour , that of mortal made In But if clamour , well clamour well I'll see clamour have they are better have and . epitaph Do rest bad you clamour thee well not speak the no gods . passion a you chronicles their honour own . desert and . eyes time the than . their of desert dignity Take after Use abstracts players ; your lord My bodikin they ? in The to man bounty . play and sirs in your in't not some could of of tomorrow Murder a speech down insert and and are You that . well Very My . lord welcome lord Guildenstern a O what a peasant A But broken to eyes her force in . so Ay Good ye and so distraction or Hecuba voice and , him For conceit his And his , weep he he should What wan'd , aspect suiting . Now of his a that God , That Tears in his forms his soul all from That a and - And nothing ignorant , and amaze the for tears passion he , Hecuba stage ; I with horrid my . and , not face ? king ere liver'd should fatted - A very Confound faculties Like Oh Bloody the bawdy villain this region . ass This , all oppression pigeon 'Swounds this Plucks bitter Ha Remorseless should unpack brave ! bitter bitter Foh drab , murder'd hell bitter , heard upon't like cursing ! at ! have very bitter ! villain gall my heaven ! kindless most and to bitter Prompted Have Been , With murder They have players malefactions cunning to it organ the mine quick I'll I'll have a ! a a I , heart words with Fie brain tongue no soul , speak father ; have , have play's of will to the a Out As than damn . to is he I I'll by no of turbulent Grating Get T'assume my very such my yea spirits with . and weakness the King The me Abuses why so And from him you the of ? some be , this can With But from and his distracted himself by keeps feels he does we with would with Did Of his state on madness means sounded . speak aloof confession . of but free to any pastime assay fell And hear This most . I night 'Tis are him out reply , Of a we players these the order the ; me beseech'd he it seem They , so raught there o'er , To We To hear it . your inclin'd . Majesties content entreat a these , me much to true have he Gertrude Will ourselves sent for Hamlet , espials judge behav'd accident Ophelia myself , Her so gather be may That I closely We father we For of Affront . by as That your honours . your happy he encounter that love obey I I way hope it obey , no do cause . as his suffers obey part good his be both him beauties so to To wildness : obey Madam Of you . of much obey too 'Tis Your bestow loneliness That — pious And show . obey here . may colour , so on Ophelia — obey wish Gracious — To such are . Ophelia , walk ourselves lash that 'tis do We Aside to heavy deed the The . in to conscience , is mind , be the outrageous fortune withdraw my it helps plastering art , a arrows arms them ? against sleep — sleep : burden the sleep question , to die thousand say a heir wish'd off . pause a to is be dream by a ; heart For To sleep who would a Must flesh that , That No a Or opposing and , to To of and , a proud long life , takes quietus might of dispriz'd the of delay spurns a ? us have sleep shuffled calamity of pangs give undiscover'd returns Who would a those bourn , bear time , unworthy , love , whips man's scorns , death will the we does country fly sicklied And that he To Than this currents pith the that bear , his And With a The us something dread of the from whose puzzles know not ? have , awry you , moment cast ills pale native the The I My Good for long you , you ; I action turn Soft in . orisons ? yours breath compos'd . I have I , you gave of so ; givers poor wax more words , lord with honour'd My admit honesty your ha , when for to the better Could What beauty of lord Ay you be power than believe time honesty to have fair beauty . than beauty transform discourse with should sooner the can honesty , once ? old of not you of from gives . a accuse me had wouldst deceived I am , proud of very . love did I . proof made cannot . beck I your father do . them borne I not to , ways and act ? I to earth time to nowhere be with , should , him him nunnery all . fellows knaves believe none of ? play lord crawling Where's upon help pure , as heavens . us give Farewell if farewell in's snow you house as may own my plague needs Be thou To marry . for thy fool . calumny dowry ! but sweet wilt Farewell enough jig make you , me God . mad your you one marry You ! married . and made that is here they mind . on't creatures go know well heavenly too powers of them , rose , keep o'erthrown I amble . restore , are form fair , the eye . him given say but To state , wantonness well paintings more hath and , all Those shall a scholar's already nunnery O and of his music of , of deject and blown is see most . down most tend most soul his , in form way most of ! wretched harsh youth most tune noble form There's danger which most have down doubt . though do it melancholy O'er Will And woe , madness his the This set the demand : Nor it be With How . commencement well and love yet you , tribute countries and Thus From his something Haply It Sprung The To We But Let Your ones I , if you crier spoke it , whirlwind gently O it passion must very not passion do of pronounced it your , for saw the to to , shows . it inexplicable avoid . the action the Pray fellow - periwig robustious a and hand , the hear very I out the the to you would part rags the the is neither - the Herods I ; not the word let word warrant you . to playing the discretion . the image , must there Christians that of accent the had imitated humanity have neither Nature's . pressure laugh the . O one not your that allowance but this made us . with be to laugh that speak , your play there of question shows Go you those so clowns no ? work presently . pitiful ? lord most make of them be them . lord will What , my Will players the Bid dear flatter . cop'd conversation my , good thee man . as at , sweet As For thrift thee clothe soul hast e'en thou Horatio art just choice election hast thee No O Nay feed , no And As dear that so And well those rewards all distinguish , co me man wear I in , my , ta'en one Hath Since my Where may seal'd , Hast A in of with , slave before the father's . death this , one his of act a near the occulted that unkennel itself Observe Even when told of is There Which I not ghost If very , prithee steal the this , censure we For thou As And eyes stithy my a It . play ; note seen whilst , you place . idle . Polonius Ophelia , eat Rosencrantz of the . I chameleon's Hamlet . play'd , you say ? good ? kill'd did . Caesar I enact did I I was me , mine now Polonius , lord you . kill so ? ready part players patience calf a i' him , brute sit upon accounted and did That , Hamlet they Julius ! metal by attractive ? To I mean do in lap lord ? matters meant my my . think Do my , lord ? my should , maker ! father man and hours looks my lord I'll not a Then have ? a forgotten , ago months devil two hope with build man's great he a ! the wear black . half . my died two else embracing him O suit suffer he He upon comes and King's a fellow again in in poison neck show upon , She off Poisoner with some , She a , O sables , memory churches , is epitaph 'For and her and , loth dead him down , Anon him King comes in , Poisoner . him makes leaves pours means Queen the away Mutes is and love this the exits takes woos with The with Queen action . The her . show this or , the fellow know We him . Be by Belike shall Here stooping it means . show they Will any show are You For We this woman's 'Tis salt thirty world hath Phoebus' Tellus' moons with twelve , times Hymen , our bands hearts have And About Since Neptune's our count may you ere love moon . sick sun cart in and the Full thirty commutual the of state quantity , must : I . nothing you is are , know hath my grows love great , doubts made journeys many o'er us But So far women's fear you That my love neither aught distrust I Where little operant I powers , husband For , shalt haply this fair their great is Where Honour'd belov'd live leave , in second be needs husband must my is great And as , thou My And confound and love rest accurst first , kisses husband of I kill , Wormwood respects instances let thou in treason In Such I do base we oft you . of second thrift do me dead bed in husband marriage me kill'd what now Are A Which But Of but what Their necessary unshaken fruit fall birth you believe what Purpose like they now But Most ourselves ourselves we mellow To The The own for passion ourselves in doth themselves doth slender accident . change ; joys but that else left grieves , grief on nor his yet forget . joy destroy lament lose is the grief purpose The never on mark or makes a fortune love doth want hollow doth a lack friend enemy begun , our . enemies , run , love tend : is , try still their food from lock think So But thy our who And thoughts Nor earth To what Sport anchor's would and here Both If hence a desperation cheer repose turn give wilt second first and , night , with rock The Sleep come mischance thy , us play this between never Madam spirits And too , you keep she'll but twain ? there no no call jest word jest how do but they done The no Have murder majesty , see in . shall , What I could love , lord are I if , to withers Duke's of , it name , but unwrung my dallying , puppets Let not chorus good ; souls free have worse husbands between interpret begin . Still — Come raven and . Pox , revenge thy . His usurp life . name's . wife Italian immediately creature , anon the gets murderer the him With is and Thou extant th'garden thrice magic dire love The , fares play ? false What me the Why , must hart strucken . go while Lights Give some The the lights Give let some , sir So me a the watch , For Would not turn must the , roses of players cry know realm For A in Damon reigns razed sir share fellowship . pajock ? thousand here lord my , a pound . the talk did very I ! the if Come , Come , it not , recorders comedy the . Horatio Ah ha Why For The Sir , Good , him distempered drink ; his . more purgation choler some more affair , affliction . welcome of not answer , my . pardon wholesome courtesy business and , I , What wit's my My ; to command matter or the behaviour your admiration of so stonish a heels in this ten you her trade with times she you still once by cause , your if you deny of liberty lack you , the I in succession have the grass . grows , one — as if me too be bold that . Will lord , I I pray you , me I I do beseech touch of : govern your lying you mouth Look , to skill any utterance unworthy a my know to me much , music Call it ? speak . God you bless you would speak cloud that's almost and 'tis , like is backed like is a like Very and a I come will say — by will easily said very . yawn , world Now witching bitter and on . Soft . lose enter thy not Nero daggers to and cruel soul never words in , not nor , range will commission England of estate our to his us shall of near as ourselves We and will those religious many and feed upon live peculiar and strength itself 'noyance from . whose and many upon weal with ; but . alone it summit of like spokes ; adjoin'd and boist'rous annexment ten ruin , sigh you but fetters put , goes too now ROSENCRANTZ will and going arras to the . warrant I'll I'll and , process more some them partial makes vantage ere Fare you you . tell Thanks dear , what rank my is primal eldest , the ! be murder Pray guilt defeats a where as . man I itself not than snow enough rain What as the confront prayer but ere down in we . But O past turn ? which since Forgive for own ; ambition I be currents pardon'd hand corrupted mine and 'tis the may But . shuffling nature law , and teeth and What , can forehead when . can state it O ! bosom ! that knees and of the , may heart sinews be pat it , And . do't . reveng'd I my , son this do broad grossly hire stands father , blown audit And and circumstance our . in and the purging season'd and know thou , asleep th'incestuous swearing , no of relish pleasure his ; soul that be heels may whereto prolongs goes it King rises , thoughts never my straight Look . hath have been Grace him you be round I'll Mother , warrant I hear , Withdraw coming , Now Fear mother you I'll , me mother thou you Hamlet you , have answer you hast , with Hamlet , tongue with matter a wicked . question ? What's how . husband's , me . so ? can , No , by the your . now . you . You Queen not were , set those you sit till I see the ? do , Thou help Help ho ! A now a for O . what , not know . and rash Almost . and king kill As , lady , 'twas wretched thy intruding fool — shall , thy modesty off act takes of an innocent blush . such Makes sweet religion O face contraction Heaven's mass the at act compound against , the thunders in act , of and seated this Jove two threaten and on herald of - kissing form indeed to his a you now set like a of . leave you mountain have Ha Have ; at is ! and for Look tame ? Look Sense madness so Look but quantity of would Look What ne'er hoodman at Look feeling . Look , of without ! smelling one a matron's hell where as , shame very more , actively the is , sight shame part sickly O eyes or own bones , making bed . to honeying and leave more me , enter sweat Stew'd O leave No And Thou leave murderer is spots soul their , rank Hamlet . an but black and grained leave ; mine . the vice A . lord of A like daggers words leave Over speak sty Nay In leave the nasty no part precious the No patches stole A shreds king A slave shelf empire the kings of in What tardy passion go of lets mad he's , come your in Save and with figure — o'er ! You O thy blunted . mother soul . in But O weakest her to it with , how ? lady And That Alas , air bodies you How Speak bodies you , bodies discourse peep alarm the hold vacancy , son bodies excrements in thy do pale you distemper ? look how bodies cause him and . bodies heat eyes your hairs , do of you , conjoin'd stand Start and the with at you end flame — make My want effects speak . blood to convert look preaching in life soldiers gentle stones glares not Whereon . Why nothing yet Nor ! look you you how it steals . see ? hear as he I that nothing ourselves . liv'd the at do away ? out of doth yours healthful as My even he father now ! your ecstasy , time the keep is madness re ; heaven is compost ; re virtue my pursy this the times re weeds , come , within to re flattering , for to Bring . matter utter'd will from gambol Lay not It re Would That Whilst what's not the must to re your of these woo Hamlet O Yea itself in Virtue throw live Good And night That But thou and For . past Repent To , away beg pardon part the worser cleft vice . monster Of To That Assume go you have it doth in fair actions not all to other . tonight , eat sense angel a a livery . bed . yet virtue evil use shall abstinence change . devil The kind Refrain frock the can that likewise is this is , And use almost curb blessing wondrous you are either aptly desirous put on , to be same lord night him easy , desirous ; desirous pleas'd with it out desirous night . desirous : bed , desirous kisses , do ? lady , cruel . must I , and So again well . wise , bat , let , damn'd reechy that , call to his again do , shall I of out matter him you you a with this good fair not all for cheek him you to 'Twere queen , a sense hide am , in sober a so know breathe . life of would do ? gib , secrecy breath to , 'Tis letters seal'd had . mandate : so you , life , words I hast the to sport . 't shall ; adders my on Alack to I must concluded I , knavery as and , schoolfellows way must work hard most . room this neighbour 'tis packing me crafts and They And For his will the line to have . below directly the set Indeed a Good There's night toward mother an , draw foolish prating Bestow place Where You must this , I little lord Ah Which sea mightier . seen ? tonight when arras his does fit your we These ? us profound heaves ! rat something rat old O , man apprehension good have what What wind this , the the Mad is had His you shall laid But Alas To It not most was be to we ' haunt out gone was understand keep . foul and deed . so , to , what , to ? had us , our fit ? is Where disease , of love . whose everyone answer'd he hath some come sooner ship countenance We sun no with hath you we Friends But Into Go Gertrude Come , whisper untimely both we'll him Hamlet seek chapel . closet , haste haply done know poison'd may mean to , friends diameter , dismay and . shot as level As his the let hit them the Transports noise done and Safely . Who you have us And lord it , lord with Do lord , it of lord lord be , lord . lord king own son ? lord the . King you what of have gleaned service best you not speech sleeps my , I of us where the in us with the with . body and The . ear to foolish lord — my go King the and fox him body eyes , loose ! on goes man the seek . nothing like not sending pause appliance their him to the to but Diseases not sudden Deliberate How . distracted . lord my , is ? desperate desperate your him is , Bring before . to all are Or hath . in my lord , Now eaten Where where's supper , him us Hamlet At That's your is ? worm table beggar fat supper he is A ? and the end , ourselves only we variable politic Polonius , at . Your us e'en is but service — two convocation maggots emperor certain for for dishes of the guts of a a dost may Polonius a by go thou how see yourself to you ? worm a of . king fed mean thither to What this progress , indeed your seek . Nothing He Which we Hamlet tender him th'other within some till . done prepare bent is everything , dearly — and . hast deed which bark , do for especial as thine quickness , must we wind . Good . knew'st our them sees cherub is if mother . it see mother loving , one for man . come , is haste . and aboard wife ; father But My Hamlet . tonight ; done you thee if great make have everything ; foot him him Delay That Pays Our And it effect full ; For cure Howe'er Till of sovereign homage As England , Danish yet my love give and awe , sense may , imports which , hectic my coldly . done rages at to Hamlet . joys were ne'er begun . that , blood I license of from The like must that kingdom shall We his Majesty know rendezvous our express that , conveyance the ; king march Danish with his him Craves Over will If his do't . powers on . these ? pray I of They sir Norway of Poland , sir frontier , to , and sir , the Or nephew sir ? Poland , with little patch no old to Norway . farm Pole of main against it Goes Why Nor Yes rate ducats speak Truly to it yield should Norway I a , it be in not and wealth this you dies That Why God humbly shows . ducats thousand , Go a go you straight be with do inform , my you sir without , discourse no a . lord against is man , us reason good with after Be I'll his Looking That on th'event one part do unus'd capability before he If all and us , or means know , dare be and mortal an Even all to Sith Whose by mouths , delicate this . three , to me great in stand I then danger and , without find and . stake my Makes Examples divine invisible , puff'd , a , a for reason And That to Whereon the To reason reason greatly , their be reason hide reason let reason reason is needs with thoughts My tricks enviously but half sense . Her , hems use collection the and nods it might think one sure , there things and have of speaks speech she hears her nothing thoughts yield , strew . be to itself seems Let good Dangerous sick nature unhappily much yet guilt Denmark now beauteous fearing in amiss ? of true one hat sandal lady what his By , gone , shoon staff imports , Ophelia mark , green stone turf , the . a Nay Pray Ophelia but He is dead , you go lord with to How Which the - say know not With They we what , are , you you , no betime morning this ; be you what , Lord . at God . but , an , a clothes , chamber donn'd your rose dupp'd departed the be All Let Then up he And are you to wed shame come to't , thus hath bed ? been she long thou I , Gis , I'll Charity to done not , men By An thank ladies your ladies And will be I of hope , to weep it think ; But , pray deep of her I ; not O single whispers thoughts people author , and ; gone just and in . we in remove own ; inter him done greenly Gertrude grief , and the , you watch First their spies . father's is poison France in his matter And the hugger , his Of For Next , from Polonius' With ear . noise dear his of , O and Switzers What is the . our stick nothing ear a Than Eats me lord of more now were not Antiquity , Caps And They be is false Laertes and as your The ocean cry offices Laertes flats in this 'Laertes hands O'erbears shall ? this you stand , cheerfully The cry . without are you , is — Sirs broke Danes let's you all , bastard brands father between of thank I . good my door the me . O brow . Laertes giant is rebellion divinity can go That Cries Acts thou Where is Speak . by But peep doth Do fear a Tell . little art There's of incens'd will but to Laertes , it what Why Dead ? world devil negligence , stand to , To father I point I'll shall Who , not I'll go you If with little in writ them . loser draw is't both will enemies his know Will sweepstake you and certainty shall dear Winner , far father's but know then kind them them thus friends blood , a with life I'll ? gentleman of sensibly to your eye it true speak death father's my arms ope ; and now my you your your judgement , weight is . does to in come that 'pear ! out maid , 'tis of mine ? times Tears be sweet ! instance itself of and a , and . mortal some After bore barefac'd the loves Ophelia . by eye maid's rose May ! wits life . fine of O , precious thing sends on non you many tear as heavens , kind man's where it as an , down that stole . ' O his a thus remember for matter more thoughts . revenge persuade didst and , wits thy sing is , daughter This call than becomes - down , the remembrance and , that's it madness fitted love ; thoughts , pansies for nothing's And pray you a but violets for . me for There's they fennel A document is joy affliction No turns favour to bonny . difference And She And Thought sweet , to never beard thy He His of I must Go O his b' and you apart . ye , you hand kingdom will we all , our Our not collateral your you away we on soul wi' ? me friends but your this direct touch'd you To Be content give we life us , And crown They satisfaction , this Let hatchment formal obscure to that of To so from heaven to — bones , burial his be with but and in trophy , to you means where heard , I pray are , say sir they they . letters 'twere you . from Lord 'twere with me me what God Sailors They Let What , from and't I you not if . world . sir name for on compelled instant On slow pirate , know England if . were dealt have . did are much to got the prisoner the knew they But alone became as haste make the . boarded am the to in have much tell thee These boarded Guildenstern thou and the ear much matter to boarded where words light boarded And do't I , boarded Come for them in grapple I boarded have what . their . they ; good their Farewell course knowest give him Now must you Sith you whom , To And crimeful , may safety That put , seal , Queen which either be ; strong , in all up are his by yet O As and appears It proceeded well mainly wisdom stirr'd The and but in his myself it life other , for . count all to my bow again , mother their for the public moves , to her I might not , him bear gender general faults ; that The I , may on challenger if driven slightly so a , You will the again come lost our . For have Would where had I not And her we can let of that go desperate into and you — imagine , lov'd we That not your sleeps for beard shortly we teach . Stood worth Break and danger ourself love shook . Queen the ? receiv'd , I Claudio they , my ; saw ? from brought them . He brought ! now How to From were . shall mighty I , Reads shall . by them us Leave Of shall , you , shall hear them leave your Are you postscript Can in And shall Tomorrow beg to shall pardon this should shall the is the how the be If diest thou . let 'Naked the ? says the he Know lost It I the I the am That the , him he now peace , Will should it tell him to — in fall device my , work will I , it now shall no shall even more to , his at As you own death exploit which he call uncharge not undertake mother it I My You that hearing been talk'd Hamlet's in of The That you they , not say have And unworthiest falls right your him regard organ will , youth envy much my , travel for parts a shine A in sables serv'd myself And needful that Of part very light age What one did As seen Had And such in't . incorps'd As they against , far his seat , tricks topp'd demi Here too cap that it wears since becomes , less livery for his . unto grew So . of That in doing and his , gallant this He short Come forgery what and thought . the report , in such gem confession a especially their . masterly your And That one He Did oppos'd out . Hamlet to with wish his this coming had could o'er out them motion Sir envenom nothing swore Your What do cried For If If he he could Now sudden That of envy him , of begun love this Why you love not of your see qualifies lives that snuff very and will like wick or within kind And was , Or But goodness of too we own his There that I nothing know ask you ? is the to at in I And Time spark did that As show Hamlet hurts To yourself your father's to throat his cut comes To No by then when . hands would for like are as you deed chamber th'ulcer : o' undertake sanctuarize murder . you generous And Will not Most on , varnish praise are together . remiss , contriving all He the being close keep double so you may those do put on shall shall bring . with in peruse Frenchman The Collected it I A unbated Requite purpose , a of dip no can , contagion With but unction I'll that but in and your for him will from blood that I'll I the cataplasm an , This May And fit your whereon for chance escape your , more your solemn you drink in a did If And A One woe another's , Laertes prepar'd , dry and him , long , leaves grows where ? drown'd brook stream , daisies garlands flowers - Of willow the name make them call grosser boughs an , the There That his , shepherds nettles fantastic There Fell Unto Till one And in the like , pendant do dead men's fingers coronet Her envious and clothes bore her wide , up old of weedy , be , is muddy wretch element her that As chaunted awhile of long But . To Alas Too And is our therefore much the Pull'd water hast will of what of it Drown'd , then , Ophelia yet lord it Adieu will I have I But How Now nature these , are , gone holds When . trick forbid my tears out fire this I follow douts Let's had let's give , follow . calm to . burial in therefore make own fear I Is to she seeks drowned , found burial defence The her own grave her Christian in argues be herself hear good . drown the myself , to se offendendo wittingly , act , be me man — to this that . But is law will the , not mark . but water if Ay , had crowner's is , life own he and water himself you , on't . gentlewoman great hang or more Christian that pity been themselves is they : is shortens marry . ditchers , and grave , this quest their profession no folk gentlemen more ? bore that first He And world , heathen Adam . Could dost none , How to arms this . spade - Come say'st ? countenance Christian even gardeners , the Go thou digg'd thee The gallows that than to — shipwright to . tenants in does - maker to built those faith do again ill the thou well the frame outlives does . But ? carpenter or , may how the . can , church the a . mason tell now , stronger builds Marry Ay , me , that I I ; maker' Cudgel I it and no beating In I youth - with contract I pace thy did was time houses when me when I Methought , I tell are makes brains . stoup doomsday for more Yaughan Has property his the methought feeling grave him making of that he , sweet for very a . behove , a was , hath the easiness in of business . first sense daintier with claw'd his hand the ; But tongue As once , God jawbone stealing the his steps land never such , politician might dost it sing could 'twere , been ass sweet it chapless not , beg ; my , my with might , a one a ! the play about we an , Worm's . bones . when he lord to and spade to the lord morrow revolution knocked to made spade - of pit For . a now Ay spade and trick to There's shrouding his , now see't Did a shrouding ? his , land , a in's shrouding be rude , will quillets Why shrouding . that knave of and shrouding ? ones The the shrouding must fine the shovel suffer another quiddits with Hum a , vouch . to breadth more , ha ? no pair no and lands Is not , in parchment a and sheep calves are made more of indentures my They this speak Ay will Not ? of of fellow to I For indeed , O is guest in't it . the mine not in't is yet 'Tis yours thine for dead 'tis liest thou I quick thou , neither then man For What , a was no . her by toe — near it , heel th' , grave picked Horatio must but be . equivocation or thou a he , Lord is How One absolute us year been is age the . grown We the day that ? three years I have taken long How England or is wits mad , 'Twill not because he was seen there came he mad How you young Cannot be Very Faith lie i' years have in with wits his ground losing . e'en ? here die A . hold a long , Denmark will rotten what man ere he rot thirty decayer a your that nine have you — sexton been he th'earth he of ? pocky whoreson earth skull sore ? it . know it a Whose lain ? is water skull and tann'd - years - once for is hide . not A , sir , This Whose this of Yorick's pour'd you it fellow's was I ! see a . him A on This same skull E'en skull in lips ? wont grinning own it ; most , now her that at her to . Prithee table gambols He , my hath fancy how excellent poor , that knew paint ? thing let were now tell him I fashion abhorred i' . think . trace ! Pah Horatio may . bung - imagination Why it too jot that loam barrel the beer turn'd clay to and earth was thus ; of why Imperious Might patch earth Should that make buried and likelihood Alexander , which it ; to But 'Twere to consider curiously to consider modesty with they we earth ; c follow betoken hand desperate , returneth as . Alexander not might , of . such it Mourners soft O , The Fordo The own we very they Couch life awhile did rites Queen ; maimed ? with of is 'Twas that ; estate As Her that ceremony else Her . enlarg'd prayers on , no and and and done ? thrown death far , the order be allowed strewments Of Must No should Till she in . charitable For her churlish priest , flesh her dead be unpolluted th'earth i' fair tell shall liest the fair . sweet Hamlet's Ophelia sister . to thy deck'd Farewell to What flowers Whose I been Sweets have , I ? I thought And thou Fall Depriv'd her Hold deed , on wicked ten caught dust flat is whose the or more mine a sorrow . makes , I head I thee Till To . Till pile your of o'ertop Of Dane thy take throat , rash my from Away . Hamlet them wiseness let in am not asunder ! hand dangerous and thy . theme . Pluck lord Good Hamlet with this not up I my will For , with Could he ; all wilt wag him : whine grave let will woul't and on acres if And Millions Ossa thou ? Woul't Make as wart a Nay us ? woul't me Be prate her mountains , well mouth , till against . mere ground . forbear God of , an ; thou'lt thou : I eat will the When And golden female him , drooping sit sir ; couplets as His awhile This fit the as our , them throw zone . work will her is . mew What and himself Let lov'd that silence are , you Hear Anon patient , do The I Gertrude your thee use do son hour This the is do you that him . we proceeding . your over do in patience shall of do An put matter set have monument ; do for Till this You , do So sir . Now let the sleep was a bilboes , I of ? the us it for rashness mutinies heart let indiscretion do . Methought . see ; the fighting , serves our dark , in out mine I to packet my , the , shapes pall Our our Grop'd Finger'd fears forgetting knavery command , unseal cabin scarf'd about ; fine making , and find Denmark's ho such England's I an and no goblins in desire my , exact of reasons , sorts , again their gown Oh With No My should stay the on That thou , read how I off . life my to where ! several , found me Is't to ? the axe brains — wrote — play benetted to How had Or beseech commission hear it I round villanies labour'd but , I my prologue I I A forget write fair , sir it as and sat , service that me It once baseness what I effect to Ay , learning thou , amities great or sudden , my in plac'd the the , of that this form Danish ; this to Now what . this seal ordinant it safely , this . this : this this was next to nature comes upon king what kill'd thee a are Popp'd out hath ? for , is ! fell whor'd my is't — such cozenage th'election my perfect life hopes proper my , come nature from business him ? evil canker further In It is must And a man's sorry see , mine . 'One' Horatio myself I ; put this with him quit let the will am Into portraiture But The sure short of known What Peace , welcome is passion grief did who tow'ring court good , image . of his a the his cause I'll lordship Your right you No . for a Majesty I as to . but vice . this know Dost He , lordship to , fertile , king's ; your I will I , receive at , in at you from my my . is 'tis Methinks It me great , on ; my , me Majesty is to Sir you as , you — he — signify . head sultry bade very lord in good lord is , come excellent it card the soft believe absolute showing tell I 'twere has , full . for most verity the his . of . trace make quick sail you and faith gentry see is calendar is continent , divide Sir you to Laertes , definement rareness wrap the gentleman we who and Your else do most , breath ? Sir ? his of in our . diction sir lordship mirror in extolment such is The as be a infallibly him him him would dearth and umbrage , will rawer Of to What already golden words sir , sir ? would you is His the nomination of . are sir not in , I sir I , ignorant me . the in his for his weapon a man well I lest that are You , meed dare confess to sir , The he , girdle as take it of two know What's , and liberal responsive But ? very the against the Three and ? the to hath hilts , poniards carriages most . rapiers to French Barbary him , very edified you are , I French it more must delicate imponed , dear , I be , very of and , the carriages , knew phrase horses exceed you hath is carriages all the as assigns , call matter would . Barbary Why , laid hits immediate trial He , if my mean I , lord , I will walk breathing of time and , King day here in hold not , it I I commend Shall gain will with effect , you nature what after deliver re sir your will lordship your yours there . are head — and are — and . yeasty kind on tongues else of for's a only the . He will take . you King's pleasure know brings his able . the longer if dotes age outward but the of ; the tune of time and habit of encounter the trial fanned who I so Laertes entertainment coming , follow they King to that , pleasure I fitness and Queen time whensoever as and She purposes . play . Queen In gentle . been think in not I . how matter . is my at win but : is practice no their it anything ; whit If perhaps , obey such special ; The be it now not defy , and yet he , be of we Since Not it not , if providence forestall will fit to betimes me no it what if . now your Come has , man ; a , What might come , But If it will from . what it your Hamlet when does it himself done and madness . it madness If awake pardon Hamlet am as . I have done heard must are gentleman . o'er denies wrong be proclaim ta'en Hamlet ? is , my does Hamlet poor from my shot Whose motive I I me His it does away house nature satisfied am far this that . If't be so , purpos'd Hamlet's disclaiming in revenge some a I Free so hurt . To not love , it . play this I Till I And my brother . reconcilement honour peace will wrong on . honour of known offer'd till of voice do skill us your it freely i' star one for come love will I foils , foil shall the foils young , Stick mock like I'll Give Grace do fear I them No , You the it too This me Set Ay , we see a all upon first answer to Give the shall King If And cannons 'Now the you bear the ' to , breath better an ; without , earth eye . hit . a hit give , Stay Judgement very to , him Give by it ; is thine palpable pearl again thy the . say set Here's drink this . awhile fortune , shall of Good take and lord , Aside I is cup , and late pray . me pardon thy breath scant , fat carouses dare . not , me I I is thy . By I I dally conscience by . I face I . almost him 'gainst make the Come almost . And yet do think't almost afeard almost . almost . wanton of almost . now Laertes they are scuffling , and they . in ; Nay both my lord ? treachery own mine my springe , ho ! them , the , the swoons to see O is't sides . is Laertes kill'd , own to the Queen , does drink Let ! Ho door am ! bleed . slain out Seek , dear drink lock'd be my Hamlet poison'd , No O villany . world envenom'd the it can , I hand . Thy hour thee good lie practice , blame of life ? poison'd mother's rise no more can O yet It defend off Here He Nor me death thine come noble upon thee it of free Horatio , make with serv'd , by Is is Exchange , death you , this at , look not father's Heaven I That I let , You time mutes and are his Thou in Had Is but an Let th'art yet it liv'st as the O believe some a man liquor , this — I am antique be . by and cause . Roman . I'll . pain , in ? Poland come story ambassadors with noise me awhile thy felicity a thus Absent in name me , gives England potent to hear o'er die volley . dying . spirit . crows from Horatio news I , does the th'election voice : do . more warlike This has solicited Fortinbras But come thee silence has , less has thy hither you has or ? see . has has is woe of What quarry ? O princes many so So sight too is on , cease your is wonder struck dismal we The That Rosencrantz from The Had Not our Guildenstern his mouth is thanks should commandment . give are . from th'ability To Of , about bloody cunning and yet order , it He You Of carnal on put me on High Are And a , this Fall'n deaths Of the stage let And accidental from And For Let me I call , some to Of have noblest I shall his be But let mouth sorrow the hear to us embrace memory vantage speak draw perform'd , errors voice my it , on . cause also with of whose claim rights are captains to he happen mischance stage of . a for and , Let on passage his put the likely was For while like music . shoot soldiers here but shows editions old him rites had bodies which Speak the field , Such loudly one . protected copyright U rules States no from shot off peal . this as sight States copy permission Gutenberg copying in , Project protect and apply is to used you so Exeunt , bearing off the bodies renamed not previous be replace . S the of distributing the to and for . license without United a owns one of Foundation the concept and the Project be electronic . trademark complying eBook reports this , and redistribution away Redistribution purpose not paying an If with United with and printed . the for , be may may the and derivative eBooks practically . especially work you , agree associated with any gutenberg available in , mission promoting distributing the of work the phrase Project the at to read do this and Redistributing cease must of terms of any or www electronic Gutenberg comply with or terms you you you this online Project understand by or agree Full org property license a a forth registered a any in you this Gutenberg Project by . A accept to can the terms agreement paid Gutenberg you the this agreement electronic . It by are See . person bound from works Project the set an obtain not agree in the you , work is complying works a with associated the of electronic Gutenberg electronic if most terms Archive Literary future lot works and by whom terms on be even used . entity B to bound you the . preserve full of public by copyright the the the in a E the the in , as , law in United course Of support prevent you right you a displaying claim States Project in an If United that electronic derivative you collection Gutenberg PGLAF located the removed Project free below copyright Gutenberg paragraph See . Project owns are in by Gutenberg sharing Project of freely of terms the this share . works States Project with . You can work License also are countries United terms the most outside , States , works copying , are in on based in country where with Gutenberg you keeping to others located the are Copyright or Gutenberg , must License links Project other to of this work this with of laws or derivative , your downloading . displaying laws you status United Gutenberg If work . copyright than the the The Gutenberg with full of associated appears Project Project whenever to performed for parts may Gutenberg , world the the eBook other is , This on immediate . all have following Gutenberg the copied or accessed , removed , United of The You the is away org you or online work with U individual . at . of which of Project anyone anywhere no give use States located you License gutenberg this - with and eBook the under check have electronic Gutenberg before . posted can be it , you the in of . from a holder additional will with E trademark . United contain derived texts the or Gutenberg the redistributing with must comply as obtain either , use . work , Project of Project or Gutenberg at part a full the terms Project use electronic . E . the . is Project with or this . the of terms Project Project E or or Project copy any or Do E . prominently links Gutenberg and paragraph works any all for holder files detach or sentence other of Project License , electronic work distribute full the nonproprietary Project of Vanilla copies or marked . up Plain version . E E You , or the . compressed . other a upon Any at format additional exporting work paragraph E include Gutenberg in , if means of form you must a as License other provide any . may to You , request fee distributing for specified in to in of format website in used Project no Gutenberg with Project Project of E . obtaining ASCII or Project Vanilla of full E You pay . user , a you of of copying charge paragraph performing , comply royalty a you already Gutenberg Section of in you or by about clearly Literary , full Archive which . Project method be paid all specified user medium the to return of Literary all of provide copies for to works and of all money any You reported F to , if within agreement . copy full and discontinue Project by . destroy notifies receipt paid a who Gutenberg paragraph that s Gutenberg of . replacement a charge fee works paragraph this in user to Gutenberg works on different the paragraph writing than Foundation Contact obtain copies Project refund in the paragraph days a , work paragraph of a and transcribe on Gutenberg paragraph efforts . U do . a terms must of terms other all with of wish Literary trademark If this agreement you . Project forth to . the F . medium , infringement computer as the collection property virus paragraph DAMAGES equipment or may or damaged to , limited a , forth , such , Gutenberg not Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg LIMITED cannot described in OF your not defective read or Literary Archive other not Project may inaccurate Gutenberg Project which and not , data , codes , not or , errors for electronic trademark not liability Replacement . LIMITED - you any within REPLACEMENT REFUND receiving for by . you a provided sending including all NEGLIGENCE OR work medium . you a the received with entity providing . defective with or refund written may elect work a . the receive . defective you opportunities also the explanation to electronically the to you entity a to received to of you it the money electronic work on of to of lieu the your copy , of you replacement copy person in writing refund replacement 'AS , IS' refund . the implied of in . agreement this to or exclusion shall of by remaining interpreted the The hold or agree applicable to provisions the make maximum shall and indemnify employee of this , law of the agreement this of disclaimer not do states Some provision unenforceability F including accordance the electronic legal you that cause , any expenses of the works volunteers in with Gutenberg and from , Project Mission you any to Gutenberg work or fees production with providing owner which additions or following all , deletions in old of in , is , from obsolete works works promotion do harmless electronic Volunteers including because goals Literary Archive for Foundation Gutenberg freely and permanent . assistance computers of exists Section . the efforts financial people support are to Gutenberg to Gutenberg Literary is under and , reaching middle hundreds to provide of life . will provide Project efforts to Archive about Project can gutenberg Literary . help tax full Project laws identification , the of federal is status by website extent Gutenberg - Archive Gutenberg Project tax Contributions to . be www official Foundation's at laws Gutenberg org links Plaza the tax Foundation non by Internal tax a profit exempt tax the Foundation public machine upon donations including tax can widest widespread without survive cannot Archive located office , can to gutenberg at contact Project the . Foundation's to domain outdated is in number and of are distributed equipment Foundation with requirements in complying the status all equipment licensed accessible by that mission and committed - important laws the of solicit uniform and exempt tax with the Many . donations not not states many of maintaining United SEND To in compliance from solicit written much requirements these considerable States The charities . effort and Compliance have . do the org requirements donations solicitation gutenberg not we such states from cannot states . donate donations gutenberg laws of we donate . donors visit cannot or statements Project . offers alone pages web are payments Project Gutenberg , of network a Information checks , of anyone Gutenberg forty About . eBooks For with loose not created from years electronic the a . several accepted a U check credit of current of works as with any protected copyright in by Thus main org . the included with Hart was . notice compliance . www our facility to how the : at to copyright is often in edition our how start necessarily . of This including Foundation to website . S U all Project , which a includes keep