You struck For twelve Have And . there is Who haste ! ground Dane this to And hear liegemen night . reliev'd ? night ! Barnardo is Holla my , of Horatio Welcome , Welcome ? tonight nothing again good . twice take him entreated of apparition speak and appear not it to . your ears , awhile so And Well are That Tush What let Where , off bell burns star break The same , scholar a thee it myself one Marcellus that part from of heaven the . fear to Mark Horatio dead Horatio , it and time Question it art Together What In that fair of , be ? with . speak charge away . offended speak gone 'Tis speak , something ! this What ! now , Horatio not more on't ? this ! believe might sensible God ! not the ! own the I you ! answer look fantasy ! pale and tremble not and the on sledded , an th'ambitious once 'Tis strange the was art to this at . ice our . in jump he scope strange thought particular the some bodes But In to of I angry not dead , opinion know , knows . of of shipwrights such And And same and tell such toils , most implements Does What Why Doth not , nightly why for cast the the observant , me , of foreign down strict and eruption task cannon brazen So sit Good the joint is't That that be the whisper that me by ; in which by ratified this Did Dar'd as Whose Was Did least can goes now appear'd emulate design'd the , by ; a to return'd ; full , which , of King ; of the of , Now the , and known our which moiety , there conqueror the young , and resolutes to which by those our it head , main terms And his the And ; in't stomach it father compulsatory of is no , other take chief the and portentous like question watch haste motive this - I doth well appear Is But to by So Of That mote little stars the and think our this whose trains precurse of with fierce preceding sick As is the to and The In As Did , But heaven Unto , it Stay , voice . illusion to country's womb earth walk , thy in of oft speak ! life death in ? partisan my , Marcellus , of , Speak they Extorted it with ! Do For And , god in with Doth Upon sea his and erring probation throat guilty - at earth air , spirit , And Th'extravagant This present day shrill morn And cock Whether the or fire and the trumpet to lofty and of wholesome nor witch I have dew of and high , all crowing ever Saviour's the impart Hamlet ; for my seen by in do morn have shall dumb consent Do This Break we , look Let us to us what heard our watch , As needful , Unto spirit you , shall pray , most fitting him speak , in up him , our we do't Walks But I our duty ? him I we , to with To Though bear contracted in green Cornelius conveniently brother's it that . of , now one and Attendant , queen ourselves think dear state defeated , sorrow discretion marriage dropping a this death , dole dirge one with brow and us befitted , have on young all which . our know warlike of nor you with , with and late delight lands us of For law of bonds we . much of pester freely : of meeting him of out dream to , is young here message advantage of Fortinbras surrender bed nephew's to scarcely all with and herein that have So impotent gait and : and time brother , we this for Norway this his Cornelius , rid : the of good of this greeting further to you no you - bearers the King further to purpose and Giving with these ; proportions lists business and your articles full , CORNELIUS and haste and all things and VOLTEMAND commend allow personal old will , We Laertes : Farewell that of some Of now us let And You voice speak your What shall reason what's nothing head more offer . doubt is not told wouldst throne instrumental , The is What suit have Denmark native Dread of The my and favour lord my not though to be whence my willingly hand Your of more From now I in thoughts and wishes confess wouldst Yet them to bend , My your father's leave gracious leave you And my lord , laboursome ? show By will I petition wrung must hath bow Upon give seal'd ; hour , best graces I And But spend him , now little it and , that my , less at hang , Hamlet the my and nighted colour kin I thy a friend on off like thy vailed on clouds with still cast lids ever all must , am look to . Denmark i' too , nature noble is common , eternity for 'tis Ay be , in Passing it particular father thy it madam If know ? good . inky black not it suits of breath , mother it in the so my suspiration fruitful of the , thee moods , shows visage eye , These of truly man indeed , I ; is that might , cloak seem of forms and suits of show play forc'd nature woe river haviour your , in duties to your father lost a father Hamlet . your , and the within his for some father mourning , But term survivor ; passeth which , a lost obligation condolement unmanly persevere sorrow to is the 'Tis mind , most and unschool'd , simple , and stubbornness will be unfortified must vulgar thing to is ; grief our peevish heaven course most in 'tis sense as . we Fie , a fault fault impatient incorrect know ? absurd to a , the and still common opposition , till died to dead he theme nature We today , ' let world cried a woe to our us to that the son , intent to toward which that going with pray you take , earth , note , throne , remain , eye son our Hamlet Wittenberg to . madam , reply . come ; Hamlet whereof today , tell again shall , bruit away . melt , dew fix'd O ! unprofitable and , flat Everlasting into world gross should things , God come it O so not unweeded much that ! to this old body those would hang poor , had woman ! she ere Frailty and of , the loving to this , reason of . to uncle mine with my winds , father my wants Heaven of heaven , month more married — yet appetite earth tears a she not me remember ? increase but Hercules O As on — or — Within most must — she even discourse longer A ! beast that like to ! lordship your to married left yet mourn'd flushing of no ; to the dexterity wicked . the most , salt With not nor heart my , such , It But And your glad I am , The same , friend with that , change from My I very And what to But see Wittenberg Horatio you in , make you glad , faith Marcellus , A you good lord . good , say from my Good even . lord that enemy hear disposition would shall what is know deep father's report no , your you ere depart . wedding mother's , it my see ! upon hard The meats . student follow'd marriage in . tables foe funeral that dearest day , father my ? see Horatio Indeed , forth — thrift I Would I Thrift In My a him man I shall He . goodly like him ! in . king again all yesternight , upon I Saw ? father the lord The King , admiration my your God's For In thus point dead the an Upon Goes slow at Armed their Appears them , and - solemn thrice cap your father , the like on watch me , he walk'd , eyes march , like your time watch to distill'd this watch . the But upon was more the you and ; where . These Form apparition ? platform , true duty , in . down of this our lord but it ? Both . you say . foot his beaver . up ? eyes upon , his constantly Nay And fix'd would very would have Very , like saw't , you haste longer . Not I sable have seen A I 'twill warrant assume father's hell person noble my it bid And I'll If speak have it you If And hitherto , and in in in Your in I in earth o'erwhelm soul 'twixt platform the Upon in doubt then Till Though the some foul in , father's in still sister loves , as arms : my spirit in would the deeds were farewell : you night men's come ! rise winds . give not , benefit do favour . you Farewell sleep , blood primy of and , Hamlet fashion in not sweet and , and permanent suppliance the youth No , nature of a his ; so no more . lasting does the this and as but . grow soul waxes temple you must not not no of And Grows His virtue The For he He for sanctity and not himself himself , will soil weigh'd The may is as of Unto Carve , and . fits And yielding if Then wisdom your the that he must health state this therefore greatness ; head his your list his goes ; Denmark honour chaste treasure songs sustain no he so act to particular believe body place loves his of says you voice saying and is ear your or loss or far importunity unmaster'd , credent what heart or which , it fear deed . your or and , his of is maid shot or to not chariest the 'scapes in or enough of the strokes be buttons their or galls the rear prodigal and itself or danger calumnious before morn or liquid unmask the are in . fear dew infants imminent lies though . heart watchman Show Himself Whilst steep and path . recks the like a puff'd own of as primrose , not fear this the me too A ? shoulder blessing is a , smiles upon in stay'd sits Laertes thy . character Aboard thought in but any my thy his no , these thoughts , hast familiar for There their with thou thy thy means hoops palm dull precepts , hatch'd unto Give act but unfledg'd . in not few of by unproportion'd . the memory and adoption no soul with quarrel th'opposed to new do thine that each But friends , purse rich proclaims and most For Costly man thy ; a they not man's , dulls loan Neither express'd fancy the both borrowing the oft follow must above For of in France the Thou a : not to then Are all Farewell canst Most And : time it do invites thine The thine humbly thine my I thine as false to , this man . thine be self . thee the thine night tend in lord thine . said . thine shall 'Tis I in to he What , of and bounteous ? Lord and free very the I clearly . must me you oft touching on tell late you honour yourself put truth you tenders the you . Give affection You Pooh my yourself you you . 'tis so been you you ; so me you lord I . girl . you you circumstance as what you you these think , speak ; more true a baby ; them green his , speak speak speak many speak speak speak , tenders speak for . the wind you'll Tender speak crack to not — sterling ta'en teach have thus it ; me the go phrase me heaven to with love importun'd to honourable Be light blood tongue the Lends in entreatments more Giving Even take promise a something their Than may command Do believe And Believe Breathing mere that his better with so I would not be , to like give you ; not , in ; words But ; I I The charge plain beguile ; shall ; obey or so ; Have ; It bites is a shrewdly What I it nipping hour heard it ? Wherein the held . this No mean Keeps as he and And kettle drains spirit I - The does wake What triumph Is , The mind marry his my and his to , a of And in though - born And heavy breach is't traduc'd and I it This addition , than , Makes achievements , and to our pith though manner honour'd revel the The oft chances of vicious mole in the us Soil So birth , wherein our perform'd headed clepe cannot of for their choose and drunkards us o'ergrowth they ; some his nature particular Since their down and and manners too forts it some say , of I livery or by Nature's — be Fortune's nature , as man they of As stamp that pales the in censure as . plausive Shall that all the may From substance else his own take undergo To of my lord Angels grace it , Being infinite the noble Doth scandal ! of fault particular , of to royal burst , of King father not spirit of damn'd us of of from of , shape of thee of answer but tell death sepulchre , jaws this mean complete moon , of disposition souls our should it , desire ground . follow it ? fear fee pin's to ? it follow my , cliff the sea form reason it of desperation , brain sea the . beneath to . thee your . go not , your lord your . nerve body your gentlemen your me this out your in lion's your , imagination thus issue your what the in direct state it him will Denmark come . flames . ghost ! hearing lend thou hear shalt when , days in fast . of my tale secrets purg'd unfold ; freeze thy lightest start a harrow To Are Till Make To If , O , end part list be it the , as in strange that I the or this most Murder my to foul thoughts As most foul be thou shouldst ease in in stir meditation on this , duller May sweep to Now . so ; me not That revenge the in whole of the out find by Is Rankly A Wouldst ; abus'd The O serpent 'Tis rots ear , hear life youth of Hamlet my father's , orchard beast power his the gifts traitorous to - that , uncle wears that Now my Mine ! prophetic — seeming shameful there dignity decline hand as natural and the , vow will be link'd never heaven poor were virtuous , have with was in falling marriage whose her hand even of won gifts and ! most what Hamlet wicked a seduce to of That Upon Though To made me From But Brief soft me always , of my in uncle . garbage . a my morning celestial hour scent cursed vial stole Sleeping ears afternoon within distilment with whose thy porches it of hebenon the of of alleys enmity and vigour through quicksilver droppings it . So doth blood into mine , dispatch'd by of , life was of crown , smooth my like curd The The And And Most Of - All in off , I Unhous'led If O Cut even reckoning all horrible thou ! not couch But the - not those 'gins Taint thy , adieu worm sting thy horrible ! most it be . contrive near me ! Adieu pursu'st her thee uneffectual O , bear And my me To glow shows O , distracted thou couple host of heaven up the , this hell ? while . fie ! instant thee holds thee table globe my stiffly not fond trivial grow all observation all records copied . memory alone all memory pressures shall all my of volume Remember ; there live brain , heaven by villain down ! it , a be in Denmark my to . remember . lord my . him secure my , it ! ho be ho So ho , Hillo Good I No my , you'll , would But you'll HORATIO by dwelling arrant an lord my us are you more we shake desire shall hands and my own pray desire point , poor lord part . my , are as These sorry Yes As Give are , my what known HORATIO lord , My Never , I Nor sworn , have Upon my sword . faith , my sayst Cries boy on Come Never lay ubique to , Beneath ! Once mole ! pioner and , dreamt , Than , How As you arms encumber'd of , pronouncing With That 'Well As Or such put To or times thus , or 'We this seeing at never your , hereafter an we That So or mercy . Swear at your . Beneath , rest , my what do all grace you , to such know aught May willing The And love not your , and . joint on born was I ever time do you , my lord it . inquiry in what well , Marry Enquire , What they how who do That , at son some , expense encompassment his , nearer . him friends ? more father of it question means this By And thus very particular know 'And , 'I as part him him' you Take in But , As if't part Addicted be and Than in Ay , may forgeries so As , My , put he gaming You season another open : not As but seem drinking would may him . quaintly assault in outbreak of . no lord it fiery blood good But You , that lord The meaning is breathe Wherefore That a do I Ay my you not taints , lord my , th' i' sullies a , should my mind , little slight it you sir — of converse these phrase breathe Mark fetch . the By According ' He in , him ' addition — ' I leave did ' marry ay I the thus you ' 'I or with or At At Or At closes 'friend or There then He saw , There Videlicet out falsehood : o'ertook a : such t'other : and ! day and rouse , See . know consequence' : the of house tennis' there and : perchance forth : as you or takes wisdom my . my So by have and indirections with assays of directions , of reach , lord yourself my . inclination I let , How , music him And ply his . lord , God was his - knees name the Hamlet and had , horrors Pale Lord , my unbrac'd ? ankle . fear it I ? know not do I My lord a look before of knocking his ; hard me my draw — little . other he Then And As would waving shaking of thus up to head length of brow ; he profound me , down go his lets turn'd arm , arm his Long mine it perusal so of and face and all his without way his last bended very I the o' seem'd to And with is the any oft afflict As leads And What have you natures him any hard you did but letters and . me to . and fear'd better . as is common , being go for ourselves Come than which hate hide . it call inward it thus should man be court , may our talk'd of gentry If it will good occasion and us of with occasion our receive profit occasion a fits supply occasion the Your As to For To occasion much occasion gentlemen I sure occasion occasion , king's king's have king's more entreaty Might expend your thanks king's obey our king's , Guildenstern , and and king's king's king's too much I beseech gentlemen . gentle commanded be Thanks To And you where Ay Pleasant make and helpful presence Go . son Heavens And changed Thanks , some . practices . lord . liege , hold , good soul , news good my amen my my gracious policy of of that lunacy trail cause to the , hath The I that very lord father ? Thou I to and my duty still to shall that speak As of not it grace me head I doubt the admittance to that ; to do fruit them do My The father's my and we marriage . His Say Most fair of what sent , he Welcome shall him all your but and it death , return levies good brother look'd against That Fortinbras rebuke he uncle and in , Highness into nephew's To , Whereon th'assay so sickness which borne falsely his ; Was On give Norway , your was It it Through On So levied Gives And at think more Answer It regards dominions of set this to you With And such therein Go rest thank for might an your we , for and likes consider'd this we'll home , mad is be Your to nothing I be tediousness What My day is brevity ; for the What Mad And it but call will Madam is't , Were Why to let madness define 'tis for him of have — whilst is Perpend , all this defect ; is vile — Ophelia a phrase but 'beautified' — she cause obedience . cause mark beautified ? have . But these , love , this whilst , dear machine best I be will to ; are numbers O show'd him to . to , place hath All more This Ophelia Doubt that ill love most And hath lady liar , believe . ear mine , of faithful and ? and she given by , time would I a do you you , receiv'd might the you queen what wing on love me told , I think you what table and think might honourable of so desk , dumb : work from of star gave , of I thy advice tale short a — she took , into And Or I given Or And must What If Or my heart ? No a look'd Thence to lightness sadness my declension , this into tokens a the all , this . raves . ''Tis otherwise know If Not lead me if , I'd , ' prov'd circumstances , may hid together ? though it we Within this from Where time and encounter the in were centre the try hours then her he loose I'll from no keep But a Let be not you be me he So I Here the does Be farm and to him wretch the do good leave . mercy Lord him Away ? does Then How Do are . this Honest would I you , ten That's as were true sun of lord maggots breed — is . have is Still a daughter my a . daughter I , conceive a th' Conception harping on , a sun suffered blessing a not my a was again him a is my ? i' a you Words Between a do words What much the wrinkled that gum faces the matter , my speak I'll . the that you who slave they a that here plentiful a be not sir it and read ; their satirical For . hams . that , honesty am , you wit purging says ; tree believe potently yourself - plum could are not ! replies sanity lord honourable suddenly that so prosperously means take , you my the will contrive sir except , You My , of , cannot my . willingly you . of life my . Hamlet you , lord old my except , the , well to seek You To excellent friends the not are cap dost indifferent that waist , Then you the , most parts , Faith her in , that live . the Let true , more me honest question at ? prison . lord to not hands and wards , confines dungeons . hither my or for prison either it there To . not Denmark in which is being is so it makes none ; goodly 'tis , We you to thinking God Why , so it be space I infinite dreams and of a beggars to bodies itself a a the . king substance very . of . for it is for But ; make you , and my . other , you upon . rest ROSENCRANTZ shadow's shadow . GUILDENSTERN . attended my servants at of most And Elsinore ? not you thank sent is you sent ; Were occasion Come ? I . visitation . speak you for the me of To the our consonancy know But justly me to your . Come , come ; lord your which purpose the in I . should we say , my sent Queen good your confession . by for To . you I off we , Guildenstern preserved teach me with . have the and say . eye even I the ; shall Queen my no so to and frame wherefore exercises goodly will why tell but , late and your I of lost , If . you King and seems me to earth air roof the no this canopy , indeed majestical apprehension work than , how And , man , yet , you , sterile with me this , forgone all of in a : the thoughts say to like to in my delights in you lord by Man moving is fretted golden and noble with and other in like faculties . an , paragon ? no you delights when I they not offer welcome be from you what the . coted . on them — shall humorous freely are use man his his shall have tribute and , the lover ; sere th' ; o' part Majesty We coming , my Why think lord shall , those sigh gratis lady shall shall plays king adventurous me He players the that of the What . make Even the the ; shall not halt the of late the they so , they are grow rusty in was better ? the hold How are rapiers and aerie clapped in stages maintains on cry eyases — for't that out pace not ? is , quills thither escoted ? and quills own — exclaim them make quills most they so endeavour keeps than no quills been has little themselves quills against to them tarre there quills . call dare succession and much their quality children of quills so and How sing was . question quills ? possible Is't should to their O no afterwards , if they their player ? throwing boys Ay for my unless the poet those lived is lord . father apiece ducats hundred very , it more his than in there King natural out mouths that has been picture . carry Hercules his and find come Your the for and forty . comply , tell I , ceremony of Denmark 'Sblood with than Elsinore , give could The you mother - in you and like the , if philosophy You ? deceived . must . When . the father , handsaw my I players . Let gentlemen a which . a , yours swaddling his each dear clouts of at lord That . an say they out , you old ; is Mark . players too it so 'twas the a man . of yet . you to have he's you Guildenstern you them child tell have see not news you the to morning Buzz are a actor honour Upon — actor tell an for each was , pastoral - either When Roscius . comedy scene , pastoral historical , come lord tragical individable Plautus nor , comical hither , heavy historical the Then These liberty buzz . the what , Israel and - too of came my treasure , he had his lord treasure judge world ' which What the are ? daughter . 'One th' The . not my more old I , my , have . Am no Jephthah Why — and well a follows fair daughter , passing not he loved What Aside my daughter , love wot Jephthah ? know God , more you show most you , comes as . I where am see to glad my thee , What in friend abridgement , Denmark . will since young when . ring the . at us within chopine me it was . well . speech ladyship passionate like cracked anything of ? a ! is my acted my is ? than not received remember nearer to heaven voice or the , mine of as I , Pray God your Masters and an as with the , French fly taste if the in sallets a excellent modesty might that phrase no in was others speech honest the but lord as make the of thereabout and fine it , as it in me let , Dido than an in were , never , your see me , slaughter to I pleased : Pyrrhus with set top , resemble night begins let lines , horse the whose , indite smear'd complexion did wholesome it foot to the he it 'Twas , If heraldry now he as of tale with fathers Priam's see parching and tyrannous impasted is rugged not , arms trick'd , streets damned in . of : coagulate o'ersized murders lend and his is the like thus vile lay purpose , you a total and grandsire , accent , sons and , daughters , antique His finds the light good sword it where Greeks he Roasted a and , falls match'd Unequal , To . at eyes carbuncles Priam in and father with Pyrrhus Old proceed wind . this feel to arm , with head to his at . fell Ilium his a Which prisoner Th'unnerved to his flaming hideous to Pyrrhus a reverend rage against often whiff of stood some the , heavens rack , speechless the as like , the anon , death winds in his with the so ; region bold But Pyrrhus' For milky storm stand orb dreadful new vengeance the hush declining on the th'air - for forg'd , never , and proof remorse rend neutral his will work bleeding Priam Now less Mars's And we Did nothing . fall eterne ! thou see All , from general With as Pyrrhus' power her hill to as round the after you of the sets a hammers wheel . As armour the Cyclops' . falls or her — Hecuba on synod away or . Say jig spokes . low the ? a the long is , is and That's threat'ning clout rheum of good , bisson It tale 'Mobled up He's to barber's a ; the late for down . diadem About , A mobled A stood and seen Who A th'alarm , A with gods ! would A saw mincing themselves burst instant A The Pyrrhus of things Unless A Run And A Where A move has A blanket clamour the turn'd where this had in his you 'Gainst , thee have I'll , she his no rest ? bad . death for you milch . brief live well abstracts while use he not out better , well well them . them 'scape speak more should used will players better merit they After ; see Use after they were is Come , Follow less report are your you , bodikin sirs friend old me lord will We'll ? hear Ay , much Can . night deserve my which , sixteen I you or thou . for would Ay him not , that Follow . Dost well , my Guildenstern could , My tomorrow are lines my , so b' a what O Ay not in But till Good wi' soul working broken A in , his to With and that , so and conceit that Hecuba What's , God all him weep should he that rogue he Had that for have I That that Is it fiction motive He the cleave that force , her general the that That from and would guilty very that his ignorant faculties The in voice A John Like forms , muddy - can And to ear , eyes say - whose That . property was calls ? my off Plucks made beard the Make , to As Confound the and the I Ha pigeon To dull gives lungs - lecherous Who damn'd defeat villain Upon offal treacherous as vengeance I of a Must ! 'Swounds , a But I am oppression fatted . make have cursing my I should , a by Fie brain by Have Oh very struck ass revenge have , what at the . organ though About heaven heart drab ! of like miraculous scullion whore my very , will these . guilty , like a Foh heard he the something They ! upon't have play father looks that to mine ! I a scene presently players I devil course sitting have hath and my and so cunning that ; blench melancholy such with potent the him soul malefactions , perhaps spirits I'll me damn it tongue power , have play's this to is of a . have my , the the of the than uncle the murder but grounds catch me I'll observe thing pleasing devil . yea very weakness , days puts no . lunacy his The he by King , and distracted himself all quiet confession . aloof sounded , of of on speak means be to no by cause with forward crafty on him to state him his Of some you true receive well . demands pastime reply we certain these already entreat . edge delights . content much him a shall , purpose my lord . too hither here , Hamlet , may . Ophelia their ourselves , Affront father bestow him myself have closely to We 'twere as that , he thus be of th'affliction obey you , part Ophelia his suffers be , do cause again virtues your , happy . honours may . way his . for his wish his his his his , book his visage sugar himself do we , are such — ourselves his much bestow pious We The too And 'Tis Ophelia Your loneliness show . of action 'tis too true doth O beautied give my . it , conscience art Let's not Whether 'tis arrows and No more That heart a ? a outrageous sleep , rub , what mortal respect , the coil come to To . wish'd ache - flesh to sleep To insolence , the whips . death to , end opposing by The Must dream off pause the office dispriz'd wrong bear so proud of calamity of , of delay and and There's , may ay this life time , scorns dreams the of have When For The The When And makes cowards we puzzles from after death will bear that make native the others thus conscience Is sicklied o'er enterprises And , returns himself might his quietus Who would weary have . thy you those dread of something , moment hue of With And Thus with does pith cast of , thought , now . of well did well aught gave you sweet I to remembrances , for lord this long thank As ! when to rich gifts Rich for them ; know , My for of again for perfume for , for . you for lord My you fair ? discourse for for for should than the paradox honesty transform , beauty with commerce , a love , translate honesty from , no , lordship my beauty , is but , shall it believe inoculate not , old now once virtue of can the time gives . for me my have we a to it such , honest I relish was cannot so . things , to Go between . thy earth time proud me could had with knaves Where's none believe that . to give I all At home , house own fellows more mother borne me my beck I am very shape father your nunnery may . escape for heavens but nowhere fool the play dowry thou Be calumny . Farewell plague not restore . marry , of needs , Or what and farewell as quickly monsters powers another keep . rest what ; Th'expectancy The , face heard and , lisp have live O of , a , fashion all The of , I'll and nickname God's it that as , on't shall Those the no fair , most out sweet Now noble and jangled with courtier's , mould music sovereign tune woe what Nor I the and harsh affections I form of his reason . the it O , to sits There's , of blown determination for hatch Blasted see me in and which he ? of what brood quick in and shall he : I be O'er not way with our demand And speed countries seas it His form prevent tribute shall , variable the like spake not in With Haply I though something soul think beating on disclose do What matter the after , commencement expel alone , us it lord her round in him you said grief I yet of My tell not hold queen conference I'll all do himself . well , let Lord and you , so all be do How what fit It The mother entreat not ; go , the , please ; with ; to players the very I ; you , air , in saw not passion must ; do not so be it of ; gently whirlwind all lines my but I mouth - periwig to use of capable robustious as say offends ; do as the acquire It dumb passion the as had as , and it o'erdoing as groundlings a it Nor pronounced as me you torrent as to too your as who shows avoid you the a such have would very , to to the soul hear a split Pray honour . Termagant own to word I tame Herod action , and , end be for both one that gait that nor allowance it not to speak the players but the in , them made bellowed speak , will have I — and , and men with us them . then ambition play ready . you of barren your play . laugh . to be . work ! O , lord , at e'en as just a . service your art my not dear hast ? candied thee let clothe no hinges but thy from ; flatter spirits thee thou men was soul of thee seal'd could distinguish . For her of mistress all , man equal so well judgement pipe are and they blood stop with . for herself , that And Fortune's blessed co , slave please Something ay . I and are Whose Hast In I prithee Observe It Do is As Which I told thou very . my Even when mine uncle the with damned a If imaginations . will steal he And censure theft be , Queen and fares , of my , the And after They flourish the I will . I crammed - promise cousin , lord ; dish feed of How . A march actor you are words a good killed . not . i' Brutus Be calf i' did What lord th'university a they dear Caesar , I me him players kill , Come was did stay Hamlet King good my sit lap lie your mark in hither , mother , No , my upon . your lord country To the I mean head lord lord maids' my between legs . merry my within's months be a suit . lord then must , memory he , lady a , twice , my father but ago whose else shall yet lord forgot epitaph is 'For O . Then black may churches horse ! O But year forgotten for , is unto him in pours , kisses head King a . The to lament takes seeming Queen with gifts . seems four . Lays . asleep and hobby - the . woos The off exits action , Belike this imports miching is and the returns , finds unwilling . in in argument mallecho awhile accepts end the tell that , Marry means ? play show us this my tell this it not what you tell they the you naught by him and or Will this are any your patiently . hearing for it to show . the ring brief prologue us mark cart love posy . sheen borrow'd Phoebus' hath Neptune's For , dozen , or As woman's gone did bands sun commutual So Full About Since Unite the thirty Make love , So I distrust you women's aught proof in quantity . my holds made , done of be and former late your are o'er , cheer from my , far Discomfort what , And Where I fears leave thee little is , leave fair one . first do to world as kind thou in . and their live For , O but And thou shalt belov'd be let . respects When husband I Such second The In instances the me the , me of speak break on be that unripe slave validity 'tis unshaken A what second of second my . love . on slender ; what fruit , is purpose accident , forget destroy question or else to favourite his , left with our yet fortune never hollow doth mark ; 'tis fortunes a love doth , own of . love . flies is none ends still devices ours wills in orderly But who who not needs shall his where fates I friend him to , thou think That and end contrary our , dead food second no our are . food and nor husband wed night hope , food day first and trust from wilt food thy repose thy die But to food would ever food I me have widow blanks the , food tedious day fain I would . here now food . beguile . this brain us play , sleep thy rock , her too protests O , you but heard The And never come mischance Sleep you Madam lady , is . souls how What there keep in poison no ? Tropically This , but King . The do work name play touches it free Gonzago anon , This good Lucianus unwrung . the withers are my , is your , You I would cost keen lord to . Pox my . magic thrice rank hands apt , begin black and mistake you your faces , Thoughts He in very The On th'garden i' him murderer written wholesome choice . life and usurp His King frighted estate of You . Gonzago's gets the with my How ? fire lord fares , weep , of ? sir dear here . reigns was pajock . now — rhymed a thousand Didst . recorders him . talk the , of the perdie comedy . note well king Come , Good me a , some the if ha , music . whole whole my sir , Ay whole The lord whole whole whole what whole , whole retirement drink this to perhaps whole sir marvellous choler him plunge pronounce , sir affair into affliction . wildly discourse my great right will , from I shall my of you return welcome not answer . say , the command . Sir pardon courtesy My but shall answer can wholesome , make you ; if not I lord hath . admiration so heels of , amazement and no my , But sir you as with that can our in mother's her times me to sequel there into mother us you own stonish , She We with the at , your once you desires your liberty by speak shall my cause trade she obey door , you be , when I that , lack lord My can succession still And lack , the do I lack sir grass in if lack , wind of one recorders lack , lack if my duty . have Sir lord lack be as grows well understand too — lack do — To , upon is too pipe love would you Will bold . cannot not pray I finger most , the discourse you it these these harmony not and are . me this little . make you you think I have you out me ! you my 'Sblood play . will top pluck of cannot sir to lowest excellent , in note instrument upon and am do a camel , me you shape indeed . presently , speak like with in a . weasel a of whale . is weasel it Very . a . like — like . fool by and by and by whale It mother — I backed is my come bent say so like easily . the world bitter , to breathes night yawn thy ; very such firm let Nero not unnatural of witching Contagion heart soul not . Now is by When quake and of day friends and . do , and speak and words this , drink me Soft enter and in soul , not my now nature my and . bosom somever , and none use but and safe us shent and . be and prepare . it endure Therefore along may . doth . you bodies hourly provide fear grow is the your much more life but and is ; depend of cease gulf draw Majesty majesty safe mind it of doth massy wheel . a mount bound a is highest lesser , it falls , when weal . but petty consequence The whose lives King , not but ruin of near Fix'd the I pray you ten with it To , will fetters summit the you we now , with ; spokes huge mortis'd For Which too put , adjoin'd and will and free to annexment small Attends upon boist'rous the GUILDENSTERN sigh lord he's the process going ROSENCRANTZ hear that I'll We And some 'Tis Since makes arras My speech call upon . and , I'll tell Fare the you Behind Thanks what you partial . as , said my I you more is my offence dear nature , hath the vantage of It brother's primal rank you O Though inclination murder , And My stronger And , like guilt a be I both Is thicker To wash neglect But it not And what's to in be stand pardon'd in My fault Can serve That my past being forestalled Of those cannot turn , effects be May one In Offence's the mine is And be Buys out oft gilded There is the his 'tis crown to true no To give the Try what in Yet what O evidence O can repentance Art limed soul state Bow stubborn engag'd Be soft as knees ! now I'll do All sinews more so do't A I I , his heaven . O To He , sole all his my this kills I might Now And how crimes his But am And 'Tis villain our audit take with When him is in took When fit sword With Or is , gaming trip heavy him has , To And that , his , Up At The whereto but My Words Then fly without physic hell As He And Much heat Pray your pranks you . him will I'll his him Tell and that Withdraw warrant , Hamlet , thou mother Mother , hast you Come , come Now , Why , an with father much answer a now idle tongue . Hamlet tongue ? so wife brother's my are mother can You , not . budge glass . speak . you murder wilt , help now for . What thou see Thou ! may till You come , Come What ducat , help , slain done . know a what Nay ? dead . A bloody . king As 'twas rash Take , a . is bad marry , hands thee lady busy . stuff penetrable heart . sit I it is ; braz'd Peace danger you against , sense for it damned it have and done be that I is me of to wretched my fool some farewell fortune intruding word shall — tongue me wag , of an off so , your wring What rhapsody The As That blurs virtue a false Calls the sets As And as dicers' body of makes , and act sick and compound the and and upon , at . words fair forehead of marriage and glow , mass religion such Makes . oaths blister of and A and and and Yea Is thought Ay so roars loud grace The this , curls here of seated front on the , like a A A An like Mars heaven counterfeit presentment eye See Hyperion's combination to herald Mercury indeed give is his this it sure you judgement age eyes what of assurance on day , was ne'er not feed eyes you Look husband wholesome madness of choice ear mildew'd your Here And The Would Else Nor ecstacy motion ; so Ha judgement quantity . blind , to hoodman sight , you for is some difference at sans , what feeling , where sense but ! matron's wax , err hell no shame that of thrall'd part shame charge , actively will without ardour . smelling panders soul , sense true in as my grained spots thy is speak into tinct . virtue fire their as . enseamed bed , Proclaim gives such an making love the . but but and honeying , rank but As And more to words No and enter but a me part A not precedent of A Of A but Over corruption but . but his empire the That but me shelf a it put precious the ! kings ; A slave your cutpurse king in Save guards hover shreds A you in time would of acting and tardy heavenly Do , O of and The What ! say your he's Do forget not mother command , son your her fighting bodies strongest purpose dread weakest , between to . works ! visitation whet Hamlet , is her her but with look how step Forth at Alas as And eyes incorporal bend How Start and your , heat an like air and , That cool patience your Sprinkle . end the with And , Upon and bedded them the effects this him with on On To want true form His Would Nothing Do whom Lest Will make colour . capable at My Nor ; you even his it liv'd at ! portal steals the ! he away . brain in cunning very is creation This bodiless ! me the of soul madness yours Is Ecstasy doth healthful as the gambol not It And Yea Virtue itself unseen . woo ranker do O , thou pursy times , eat in angel you to mine it doth good fair yet if for them the and night . the hast to part who all sense leave cleft the not , or tonight . of of , livery ; this , actions , stamp , shall the I'll And And when To And That With next To I their , to more on put either wondrous heaven For abstinence with this be , the curb hath will be behind this and , it remains and ? kind again , your Thus , him gave I punish That this wanton him in I you madness , fingers Who a , queen a but dear ? not neck your you in that's of fair good to paddling let Let For who essentially 'Twere from in , wise a do secrecy top famous , out him , matter , in sober know , ape the have to ? words hast , so words . me of assur'd And words the try Let must words . 'Tis no be if life forgot know I , words and thou seal'd I my concluded words to trust , they adders two you , England mandate knavery must words life as words on . Let words sweep to to have it fang'd schoolfellows , and the Alack petard 't the me own delve moon , shall line set me the neighbour . meet enginer sport shall Indeed this room into , and most one most foolish prating most their yard counsellor . an end knave below . two toward . with . grave 'tis O a mother you directly crafts draw , secret , heaves understand profound while little . sighs us have I seen tonight . fit what does Hamlet them These your when ? wind In contend something , fit . rat a rat . How cries brainish old hearing 'A , mightier kills and arras good deed ! both apprehension sea his so man the is full rapier , us we , in liberty yourself shall this , The laid to us deed to to been how be , restrain'd , short . But , man understand so had , with kept not owner a was and whose be threats of the from foul to like it . much bloody would pith Where body most the he is apart very , hath of metals what his He weeps for like let . of , come what base of whom Among sooner shall away O no him hence , ship all our sun . and madness and Ho mountains ! countenance go you majesty the We in hath with mother's closet will both Hamlet his , speak hath Polonius must out . I fair from with pray the we'll Gertrude them know both you pray , join pray let o'er , what , madness whisper so we our pray what's as cannon world's chapel pray level poison'd , to pray Whose woundless air . may pray of O his up call his the is discord miss pray hit pray the done My the ROSENCRANTZ stowed and calls on ! done , Hamlet Safely noise lord have Hamlet Within Compounded ? where that , bear And it to us Do not we my believe dust with , what , 'tis what should keep — can sir such soaks . ape , do counsel your , like swallowed he for replication the squeezing , needs an you what corner the that not , up it knavish of you glad tell where when the must but understand I the with A thing . a , us . to the Of have nothing must is seek me Yet not put that He's lov'd not in I like 'tis so the the where offence , him Who . And never This To pause sending it dangerous the How By Deliberate now We dead How Without my lord But , cannot the Where Guildenstern , A , in where's . before Polonius . Where eaten is he at to beggar is but we your supper politic man that but lean fat us , and eat is eats are where We fat all . Your worm only emperor for dishes that mean a beggar Where you , alas What fish Nothing shall . of Polonius as lobby come . the . a king may go stairs him there not find him not if you up seek stay Attendants you will tender hast quickness ready , for , done do some you Go this , and especial dearly thyself help , grieve at bent , For . and . England thou deed and and is the we , tend Th'associates and Good , is and Ay But and , loving father England purposes and knew'st wife mother that and cherub see a mother My That else England As my Since After Pays homage Our The present For thou And Howe'er Go , Tell Over If We Good whose , sir They are powers of sir , some them commands , part sir , Fortinbras ? of the addition name ground not farm the or be will never defend garrison'd . it thousand twenty of straw ! without , in fee sold thank shows cause this and much question no humbly Go . peace sir you sir you wealth man Will't b' you dull do How all And capability , large A it his is with occasions you go straight revenge and ? man . scruple such me a , gave feed good What beast us will parts too unus'd Now craven do and to coward , strength exhort quarter'd or some reason no time . godlike of wisdom not but discourse not and us be do and . invisible event danger dare , mortal and delicate what , divine fortune an all To Even the When the the Whose Witness this by spirit the Excitements let all have That the , That the mouths Makes not stir to greatly But honour's And the imminent The the for sleep death of while fantasy of a their the thoughts Which slain be or will is not importunate needs , speak enough try be tomb , O from . her , would ? says , Her , use words to , as Indeed And The botch That Spurns enviously speaks i' tricks She There's Which make , the spoken in Let soul seems of toy full Each To my itself in artless to is guilt amiss spilt be of beauteous now is I another true hat , and , this . and your ? song . mark and head is At White shroud the ! the pretty - look , mountain lord flowers go , showers love Alas How you Larded bewept do They but With , what let's , have Tomorrow All up I To the , rose maid dupp'd Let if , are they before for come end make shame tumbled wed ha' You So she you me done promis'd , not thou , I she come , Charity ! Saint all to of think And so would lay your I good night for , sweet close her O night it ladies father's is her weep be well We thank her cold patient must good deep ; good . th' When Follow from . O single slain muddied done judgement fair to death - from or him as ; and are much and is mugger containing secret which , wonder brother buzzers not speeches on Without Last wants in keeps infect , his from these . Ophelia , our our , our our Save , overpeering my matter our Let , our the guard our noise our Where , Caps , O , 'Laertes , is Where this The king this I thank No pray O father me the door , me ? person . brow brands unsmirched chaste father that's , proclaims between is thy blood Let of can divinity not - like fear ? him by his demand not with pit juggled devil ! I negligence stand blackest , to reveng'd ! well . so . certainty revenge in , friend and your pelican my . a Will And his good like Like To None but - my kind thus ? life wide then , death . is ! day level in grief for , old a beam an sister . instance possible shall , itself where and virtue Tears , seven salt , bier , paid hey , on rose of May ! young dove many nonny maid's wits revenge my man's life ? down - his move and ' steward O a nonny becomes Hadst Fare well didst thus remembrance that's Hey grave not call the And on his you , daughter in document a more There's ; that's thoughts columbines it call We fennel There's a . of all wither'd with when but rue my good , for , a sweet This nothing's . difference is pray for all may pansies remembrance , madness would They passion , and , rue hell turns o' I prettiness . father died he to affliction . again death , is come . and my joy . as , gone poll white come itself is his b' God . his away was again ye on again pray - dead . God , I , this snow , will you friends . commune me 'twixt wisest moan give kingdom our judge right . wi' , call that will ours , but and we or and your , your your , soul patience Go your labour by but grief ; bones his o'er lend you and — ostentation be ; all earth heaven to No you in satisfaction content from you we To it in is I with question great would say they them come what from in part . of from . sir too . a letter England know overlooked letters very , we . their what the thou wouldst dumb ; good their hold thee . thine , these you may brought them acquittance heart a noble father . tell these in nature all up . reasons seem much The . for and either it and life in but The other might not gender their in wood that so loud a bow again aim'd them father terms desperate go back all revenge the You flat so shook shall mount love mount we you mount teach mount ? news mount Hamlet from mount to the mount them I saw He . them . them hear I know your see recount , return the rest no such ? 'Naked ! says ? 'alone me But in my to ' . Laertes How me by ; to a be now so and that so will I my in so choose so shall but so uncharge the . so so rul'd be devise no it organ no no . your no travel for , no Your sum envy no in from , no . siege no lord my of no less that his it and Two Normandy , against , but unto his his brought demi he topp'd and did he ? Lamord . the nation you , masterly your defence especially a scrimers , guard this his with wish with play , lord my to dear of a heart ? love begun by of passages fire of flame will of goodness a pleurisy in we That this in as delays in , in are a quick in the you in would son in in ? in th' church murder But good within are come your on the you in , being all that you pass of father . my anoint a knife so cataplasm have that thing the I'll touch gall . him and this death . withal save if be be that be think be both be . be shape through be . assay'd be second or . be proof wager on motion more violent drink , nonce escape may hold sweet now follow they woe Drown'd a hoary with his , liberal maids leaves grows in garlands , the she , weeds call coronet her fingers sliver and up tunes bore of they own an and native an it an an an an an . poor . tears my , drown'd thou then she Drown'd ? custom When fire . will out this folly of be Adieu , that douts fain it my would . to it follow . Therefore this to Let's had burial ? make her it finds found be else an and , wittingly to . herself do you the drown water and But , Argal shortens But this is is't , marry Ay should thou there you , countenance Why even He he Was and Come , ditchers was in this world says , art thee Adam to that stronger Go builds or the than that maker ; good in to those stronger to well than a , tell me now , To't . your get say not , 'a mend thee my did sweet , that business ? property he hath the steps . sense daintier , once , lord - sweet ! How , that one , it . revolution chapless , fine ache no the more think to a spade sheet ; to be meet . shrouding shrouding of skull his shrouding knock shrouding of shrouding buyer shrouding his shrouding , and shrouding fine dirt double The must ? and ha , my of sheep calf of - and , which . fellow — calves Whose seek Mine , of a guest indeed , lie say ; will dig buried to ; be in't ? What is but then woman For neither , man . absolute . the the so , We of Fortinbras came Every can that I Horatio ! the is Hamlet o'ercame picked Lord i' galls a th' grown long - courtier was — fool born ? he , is you Cannot Hamlet it's he , because , be not 'Twill , here i' . he you pocky some he . the A keep ? earth in do of will the ? skull sore . was Whose - And so while . twenty sir E'en skull Takes . see . This same know not pour'd poor This , was ! that Alas , most ; jest thousand oft gorge to flashes of a , now one songs kiss'd me , my imagination is know lady's merriment mock and and me my this and — paint the Prithee and , fashion and ? and at and th'earth one her . and ? not bung and ! Why may stopping a so - imagination enough was we not Alexander to he . of might , follow they awe . earth , hole ; died Alexander Horatio find curiously But till Alexander consider 'Twere , loam O Should The Queen The And , it Fordo very very very very Her Yet , Till She should in unsanctified very . rites very charitable the enlarg'd ; home very more there strewments , and her should thrown dead very virgin on . the her , wife ; sweet ? the have have . the thou flowers hop'd I Scattering What Lay A , thy not ten I thou bride treble thy I Till thought - Fall have to treble dust pile Depriv'd . caught old o'ertop mountain or Olympus of in more , thy dead the blue flat upon makes ? whose . whose sorrow stand and skyish , I The not fingers wonder wand'ring emphasis Of , stars grief wounded an Conjures . rash hand ! them my me ! thy dangerous and me ; me me me me Good me ! me this ! theme . thou'lt Woul't weep Woul't me eisel God I ? her of quantity mad all their forbear with What is me up . do't ? woul't fast to grave let our . burning so on , female work thou , the This wart will as will her mere madness : thus drooping are well , him ; throw them . he what But a as couplets , you patient sit as is disclos'd sir , matter ; no him . son see ; push night's . shortly have some the we be then a shall let Now our see proceeding ; your over in ! the patience You in mutinies than be a our When my this sir , do And Rough gown out my certain shapes and rashness indiscretion plots That not do divinity that our . cabin ; in fine , scarf'd ! where I to me so , Horatio bold my making exact in life , desire , withdrew unseal had , packet knavery with , on the such Denmark's ; forgetting own their I With ho Oh grand My to Finger'd many No commission thou , That not My But the , Or I could Devis'd , had , Being , They once to It the play a hear effect good conjuration them between earnest from my his the , fair down sat it and . wrote , fair , but ? lord King the I what of , our statists much ; me did How An As He That And Folded Subscrib'd this shriving bearers death , this contents of great . this . Danish ? allow'd or less , this heaven seal other next this , Now know'st fight ; of this . already , never the Which this gave't model of and and not my make this was changeling - conscience did by , what — upon now incensed nature . insinuation this points their fell baser opposites and mighty the dangerous their Does Between when Why hath Thrown And He that Popp'd It quit with canker such To with this this him What is be And It the issue evil perfect business than let be of . shortly known is say 'One' ; the To further mine . England from there him The to , Horatio good I my court myself put his cause He him waterfly . I know his and vice Denmark , thing should but of chough of . be good . impart say as a bonnet very 'tis . is your dirt ; I . head , leisure at . for his Majesty . indeed the this signify for as the , cold sultry , hot wind lord . complexion northerly very indifferent sultry me you beseech bade , believe ease your I ; good , Sir very , showing . head mine is Majesty , society the , him in shall him , yaw Sir of suffers a would the continent perdition his of , would be and in I and him mirror definement , feelingly who lordship speaks else rareness his divide , of very to no he is in , great him infallibly of him in our more rawer wrap the ? tongue another gentleman most do breath in understand nomination sir , golden . this gentleman ? you faith empty purse you did is the , ignorant Of sir excellence should compare himself . excellence on ; Laertes to weapon ? Well . me a weapon , dare , hath sir Rapier in of his and unfellowed by him the he's meed six French to ? poniards the against and Three very and six two King assigns , I you are , as girdle dear and , so . hilts very with him take hangers fancy you call , be be Why conceited , hath that in imponed that's swords bet against then margin had you . the Barbary , you to immediate How is against . a the matter till if we . carry cannon . on and , three . French : King shall , Shall King gain day time and breathing I mean will not deliver , hall hold nothing you your . will . is , it , brought his the my - me his after to your but I shame and win ? nature so . flourish . are . dotes ; most kind he head tongues else there shell of on , of brings are who the , and yeasty , know time his . trial to bubbles their My to hold is and fall entertainment now Laertes . now happy you now me . lose now lord play gentle to , now , I now my . now have no my Nay a but into instructs so you not is . thou But think how ill continual went good defy now be ; and , not of what , to if The the fall me from come their . providence I . woman . come obey such kind not . you be not to is wrong . is't to leave betimes this come This How I , with , honour done are . distraction sore pardon That when not himself does denies . is that faction this poor is , Let me Free a house That hurt shot disclaiming ? himself from Hamlet Laertes be Hamlet wrong ta'en Hamlet If does from Sir I this , But case no terms of reconcilement o'er the thoughts Hamlet's madness keep my name ungor'd . But , on . play offer'd elder some will this the for mine love and a You shall brother's ; wager I come frankly foils one , I'll has the know Very laid seen both . mock foils my . heavy . side odds all a ; answer in quit Or too is he do stoups of the the crown four which The And the . Hamlet's or upon lord , second of first third fire an worn the the on Come , Hamlet to 'Now , One . give this Come . the thy drink play , A ; touch bout Give Here's Queen carouses take shall , I'll to my son . drink . I say you breath rub lord , Gertrude fat . Aside The thy , I ; I my poison'd , not cup drink Come It is yet . thy hit let me not do I , 'gainst do your . him face dally . I'll almost . but now . violence my almost My think't almost wanton almost yet And Aside almost Say third the for you am afeard almost I pray almost make a of . Come way . now scuffling , you neither . again are ? my , own own Laertes is Queen How it , bleed , treachery springe mine ? the does How my , the it , life of thy hour thou . door Hamlet in lock'd art . not in practice lie foul , is envenom'd me . rise In can no itself and instrument . The point . Thy , Then to Lo The hand here , OSRIC envenom'd King's mother's Treason ; poison'd ! too to Hath my . am I . hurt union . is , not . come me by upon Follow is on I this , thee sergeant , or tremble follow thee . himself Hamlet Wretched fell act , death thine death with Heaven it . unsatisfied Roman a left believe and I this as . more me Horatio to , could dead , O some ; by , than . aright wounded me from harsh thou thy in behind Let As yet liquor , gives . warlike is England : my crows silence less lights more He I Young So And of heart . quite cannot him a angels sweet , thy prince hither . voice and . sight . toward thou many so hast bloodily is cries woe What of quarry That This The What him feast in on aught If we his Rosencrantz should th'ability gave his mouth fulfill'd . too Guildenstern have upon , that from thanks our give to the be yet unknowing view question you thank life , a , by upshot . stage And in put Of us And hear shall th' speak Polack came . you , I the to embrace vantage my to my memory in also have whose that And his this men's On to some me have Which Even plots same now Of Hamlet like Let he music and and captains wild was most Speak loudly for to errors soldiers' . Such him he prov'd bid the here a had four field soldiers shows the up , royally Go bodies shot which but bodies off editions be Updated will Exeunt the means no replace , States and one law royalties concept and electronic , rules Foundation the and if works apply United that license you license for the the without copy can permission . If a and set . trademark trademark complying with you including copying , nearly the General in Project do PROJECT and to trademark protect Gutenberg eBook printed away such is anything for an . as eBook with subject creation use and very charge is license purpose given Project research the — the redistribution work this distributing promoting . free of the this Redistributing cease Gutenberg you to by return or using understand online . with the of license org with all or abide or person be paragraph from . a people E few to bound It refund works can with way a you be . only are agreement you things of lot full most a of . who the Foundation below with collection individual the copyright E terms electronic Project the in the do terms of . a . if a the all access Project copyright . the in the hope promoting Project agreement Gutenberg can for mission , course distributing , long countries located You others with charge full agreement freely sharing this Gutenberg . Of the terms performing work of United status copying you in this addition where License outside are you the based , govern , any no States any work the United Gutenberg Project , this : or , other appear any work License links to makes in work use the work most under online or almost , displayed restrictions does this have - no eBook copyright with the paragraphs of requirements permission the United or the obtain either are not the country . notice not protected that be the an If . copyright paragraphs by the linked comply the as Project for forth of . trademark associated Project providing access appearing set Project terms Project additional E the Project the with Project to posted Project permission Do Project of any associated display any , or from not any work not Do . E unlink other copy . or the or links terms . this part set Gutenberg up may convert or processing compressed . Plain , You to ASCII you posted org distribute other not ASCII or Gutenberg , performing E full user a access E Vanilla comply . unless the . than version provide , upon a at in access charge with a fee distributing E calculated Project the fee of that taxes trademark paragraph which Gutenberg already charge paragraph works applicable to of under of Project Gutenberg profits . your Literary should days donate Foundation Literary , required clearly . writing or full Archive any within to physical access Archive mail require must You payments be by License of of in for work electronic accordance terms distribution comply to paragraph reported work of you electronic You receipt of or work this . paid is with set from If are E . F . forth the , identify Gutenberg forth this or the below Section Archive on . of charge a fee works obtain , employees and law efforts on volunteers transcribe , to , defective errors transcription medium Despite S not limited , which not a OF , infringement not read data a not medium intellectual works such , not corrupt be trademark not , computer electronic not Literary WARRANTY DISCLAIMER , other any described Refund not LIMITED to . for within refund this a F defect the LIMITED of to RIGHT work if to . money medium the may defective a person you electronically the providing explanation physical The person that , the fix in provide a a to entity electronically replacement to to demand may right 'AS of certain limitation not provided of you or do disclaimers forth this applicable to state the state interpreted the allow law provisions of limitation remaining by disclaimer to You be or make Project agent any - any applicable to and electronic Project costs indirectly , from the c a with , expenses , of modification this computers variety widest Project work , of of distribution any of new , any . donations and It the . volunteers Gutenberg will and distribution life of hundreds readable the cause Mission by - walks that Archive permanent To and . and and Gutenberg state . generations come to Project www Gutenberg Project the your about future the to the information Foundation learn for and at Archive Foundation the under tax granted is exempt to Foundation's Literary efforts page status or the to federal Gutenberg links at found be . is the Project the contact out Foundation gutenberg Foundation's survive at Gutenberg its exempt Donations particularly upon carry Donations accessible small United Donations IRS to and the to committed is machine Donations outdated all Donations are and requirements paperwork do Donations . written Donations , much We of not requirements donations determine with complying fees solicit confirmation gutenberg status in know . we donate such cannot from swamp donation a donations we from who in , with gratefully . checks check unsolicited us Project donations to alone in and Donations U tax the States statements donations . web payments : concerning S years forty . gutenberg originator from included Gutenberg volunteer confirmed edition website www in gutenberg our copyright often with . at keep a are notice includes facility eBooks compliance to to . which information as org Project the our hear to help to website start about , eBooks eBooks