Stand Stand come struck Stand now Stand this Stand And relief Stand 'Tis twelve Stand had you Not do Well , sick guard at thee Get much I Have you a night . Who ? Welcome . A , has I Welcome , Horatio , what Horatio . him seen What says let 'tis thing our twice him of seen this apparition of the have sight I That , Had Where , break it like — and one comes it , Horatio myself part that beating , that's warlike of time form buried this and Horatio Denmark usurp'st it be King me would harrows spoke thou Together ! Stay speak 'Tis , I charge away ? the with which By offended stalks . fantasy believe avouch . King to Norway in on the parle our by gone ice . hour strange scope gross some eruption strange and , the , and 'Tis sledded stalk he I my our cannon week sore : the ; inform I . King last to labourer - so goes but even image Whose make Who might What Doth At least as Was Which he Well , stood Against ratified this by he Was Had His For Shark'd up a stomach doth of list . unimproved Hamlet Of , sir the the ; by the Fortinbras same cov'nant Fortinbras , resolutes , other , head take so but e'en rummage that sort armed think it it may I Well question watch the state eye . comes countrymen demonstrated events . where it ! on the omen together , climatures ! Lo Speak to thou If privy treasure of it it , Marcellus speak ! death , speak ? speak speak speak speak . invulnerable malicious , warning hies truth shrill ; in at - air the heard crew object the bird that Saviour's dawning , planets no dare stir strike charm crowing gracious and do in crowing yon russet morn , crowing hallow'd witch and So crowing then The Wherein our on of they nights Some crowing crowing , wholesome say are so watch , dumb consent needful do't we Let's Where we in As , find him morning this , fitting conveniently know , and Lords Attendant our , in Hamlet Though The To To sometime our With weighing as , one dirge delight scale funeral Th'imperial we jointress of think fought brow one now our , marriage , kingdom , eye state , him defeated ourselves with For you . all worth Fortinbras , gone freely , our barr'd us pester those law , death dear and one dropping and have have herein we thanks nor wife to Taken With Your wisdoms , supposal our of with lands , message , duty . scope duty your . Laertes , the . You You In Farewell business , let your , told And and We haste commend will heartily farewell ? asking thy thy , lord my Dread What the The is hand not instrumental to the Laertes beg father , done Denmark . pardon , leave that confess willingly to favour your says from my will his you And bow them to ? leave , my thine be consent leave , your hath I do Upon beseech hour , Aside is , Good Not it . thy fair best Hamlet spend than more my cousin , I , for ever like nighted colour friend much still cast thy Why so it for Do And let thine not with look , 'Tis Ay Together That For with the nor the dejected that These , haviour a which the . of the that passeth and within truly , fruitful forms my it cloak black , not know , grief suits of and these lost obsequious filial obstinate obligation , must 'Tis give sorrow his , mourning duties your a lost father term persevere , unschool'd to thing peevish a a and vulgar whose a and we know be , simple incorrect unmanly impatient who he pray throw hath fault corse the most fathers first , dead against Is From death To fault to be of A And in the Be as in , lose with us thy not thee my a 'tis shall Why Sits No smiling But the my health to heaven thunder would into that 'gainst to me ! 'tis uses of O not a solid flesh tell again melt , away and God unweeded ! garden come was loving to this : him hang winds not so to this God ! two to ! a heaven , in , should it things seed excellent months it So he face ? Heaven on is name within and earth thy , Frailty of , had month ! father , to O such With It But Had my , dexterity Hercules mourn'd of , With have God Niobe Like all beast ; most cannot of for your nor of it salt the left married not . the Within a . wicked her of most of flushing Ere is , of Hail of Horatio I And And Sir I'll change , faith , you my . lord say affair drink your know you came not what To Against prithee do it Indeed was But We'll My teach your father's see to , The the that lord ? bak'd hard Thrift Did , Would My I He ever furnish had I Or In , my him his ? the father him . goodly like for . in ? saw again , yesternight all deliver these till , witness This the admiration for love God's Two me you your the gentlemen gentlemen to of my King The a Upon an attent marvel had together Barnardo waste exactly point and at thus had A , and middle had For Marcellus dead encounter'd had and stately truncheon's and secrecy third had each I true father had , eyes him impart night kept did This , they surprised pie fear me solemn march they not , deliver'd of he walk'd watch , had the dreadful , to they hands not word are the speak this My upon , I watch like to platform where it not was lord , you none in strange sight haste crew . away , duty ; down in . this but know you sirs you , it think did And , do let tonight . BARNARDO me 'tis our , it We , indeed MARCELLUS the . lord toe to head from top my , do Then my look'd more sorrow than ? in . up . you saw wore , Pale pale upon there been it might BARNARDO longer . I have ? long you , haste Not when saw't like beard have I you walk it . silver'd . it I was as His , was I Let And will bid And If be hold If I'll my conceal'd again you , well ; still tonight no , eleven . whatsoever an loves the your understanding , but ye is night were well , the you farewell foul me hear assistant convoy embark'd favour primy not ; blood his doubt from trifling the of . so more , lasting , youth Forward For In No Think bulk of his , birth state , whole choice his fear depends body further , you it loves . withal and far he yielding this of be says so particular your importunity chaste list you his fear and shot unmask her itself Virtue lose Then Than give As May , keep of the the unmaster'd , Ophelia heart your Or If And Be wary then of though none good safety be disclos'd , spring lesson near . fear . the youth dew of , grace a a double second thy adoption tried their with palm soul , act blessing memory , you . steel . no no comrade beware . in . may quarrel ; being , vulgar his but , any these character Nor them new each But Look thou Be thou not Grapple and by dull a man Costly Take Give Of Of Bear't to man's thy the thine th'opposed but but thy can , gaudy , voice . be lender generous nor chief rank the best self borrower to the dulls of the a both apparel in a proclaims oft station be , be my blessing then as the any in , leave this to , your go What I have Ophelia , thine own night false : I and said Farewell Farewell time ; take my Hamlet ? Lord touching the : bethought said it of , my memory lock'd key the Ophelia something he clearly , bounteous and put must . me truth me understand of my do between If Affection it As You that be What in lord Give and yourself up the tenders honour late to like call I you perilous ! Pooh Unsifted Of ! I Marry you crack — he , fashion ; call hath Running And With , sterling have you I'll Which Or Lends , My you'll importun'd . speech I the know . prodigal , daughter , in both , soul making From . take promise of parley . tether he higher rate , Ophelia they , walk Lord extinct this time , young he For larger dye you , better The would I give I obey plain . come . shrewdly to't bites shall , I words and ; spirit not is What this , held it I No . heard it lacks . I Indeed does doth wassail triumph - Keeps drum of The it marry am I to The and swaggering ? custom Ay mind the honour'd and us us to in - They More This So in Oft As Since their for mole From some , cannot , manners , say , mole I infinite Nature's Carrying Being else — livery mole His mole all in As virtues some ; and habit pales the mole of birth nature breaking of mole From Doth that Shall be they star , evil , from hell , wicked wicked jaws this mean , wicked death tell wicked wicked wicked ? away go did with do impartment some you ? the it Look As why night thou , thus hideous glimpses , the , and we fools we souls should What . I . no by , what again . set soul a waves it tempt his puts madness of desperation toys , some the of ? into motive many fathoms to every reason form , it roar waves , on Go , go my hands your off You shall not Hold My each makes As hardy as petty artery Nemean lion's me not ghost on Go ! make — He ; follow Have heaven 'tis issue it him . let's in what To lead thou Pity almost and is , me , To not Speak bound am when thou spirit , night fires nature , forbid , word their porpentine to my away purg'd secrets done . But days lightest thy from spheres , house young List thy O God . be O list ! murder with that , meditation May know't , foul foul Murder to most . weed swift ; is it in strange I of love . unnatural , my , death ear my Lethe the fat Hamlet , wharf orchard of youth life noble father's , lust his with to - there my most , virtuous was hand love seeming won — a hand ; even with shameful traitorous adulterate my uncle prophetic , that incestuous witchcraft wicked So I it That mine a made lust So Though lewdness , me . a a to And My soft be secure of custom cursed always I Sleeping afternoon my radiant a as natural wretch and to decline , heaven it the scent garbage shape link'd , vial a uncle . orchard stole courses blood ears did crust , my of , horrible disappointed bear , on : dispatch'd hand a . brother's ! Denmark of and thee in royal bed , blossoms my horrible be her bosom be the worm 'gins And prick The those aught that act heaven , contrive lodge to her leave in thy let pursu'st thou thy mind , once me , near fire Remember ! records . O , O ? stiffly up , heaven host hell ghost , while table all away , commandment volume matter book the O with villain . Meet sure adieu I HORATIO and remember me to word my in villain ! Yes by . O , am smile one may least Within be ! ho , ho , is't ho , my noble lord ! lord ? lord tell , wonderful bird ? lord , the all at right and shall desire are i' come knave villain an tell To Why You , I as every business fit your For so hold as it And , without Such you and words and sorry These are Yes , O'ermaster't make What Give may desire honest Saint ghost , my there but tell you have you , but lord lord my MARCELLUS will what and we . I ? truepenny . cellarage the stage to , my by of this . we'll shift our . seen . sword have sword you . heard . And et Hic of hands ? Never night and Well lay , and , of things as old There Than Here strange How A worthy Swear O That Or you With Or That know list we mercy this not and - this seeing antic soe'er I myself , meet never , 'There on disposition — might' to if and if we , phrase out — most . love man . you Or and grace Swear I not your still May , Beneath Swear . me So commend us , I pray together joint notes joint joint , Reynaldo . joint joint joint . Reynaldo lord , behaviour I said well it Paris they , more it of son well son him son he's very put so rank son ? Reynaldo son son usual that none , marry and you ' I ; him son and , sir But ' , Addicted , heed ' , and wild and known , 'not on of ' companions wanton please ; ' liberty take Ay Quarrelling Faith no ' , You ' , As drinking put but : to scandal a of faults , charge . quaintly mind so liberty incontinency ; this unreclaimed breathe seem and they of fiery — assault lord do Ay should my lord I drift that , 'gentleman' ? leave ' ' marry know 'gentleman , and say ! consequence good Very say say the say then falling 'I say Or He , say Videlicet So my indirections do bait saw Your And thus , you Well . lord my inclination his you , I , my lord . lord my ply him matter the the have of my stockings to knees his piteous his purport hell of out in been loosed , head his sewing ankle with , Hamlet upon , if he As To hat Mad not He I lord goes And would draw to his with Then , took he He What As He out And And his thrice a , last As it his head it thus being end seem'd to did head find his with the with This And Whose violent will will go itself , seek love light . the ecstasy I bended he went their me without last desperate undertakings am I . property passion but under heaven , of did hard me to made with him I I had am to is ourselves proper I heed did and judgement but jealousy . him mad . might love Something to discretion it , hide which Come is lack More than long to him humour him , companies to by so , court , both entreat of that th'understanding father's was . your That he lies two sure adheres If . it us with much gentry there talk'd much men and so the For much little you To So as on draw him Some To To Your show us your expend the Both dread Put , visit Guildenstern practices gentle presence , and him presence . to , presence presence Thou presence presence the been hast lord my think to , it very of The us'd of that trail or I Assure ? and to as that so brain of sure have found to long do this to fruit that your the fruit our other no father's son's fruit he found fruit fruit . fruit . fruit ; Polack to greetings from our of , in which borne falsely so To better a fair Say Upon His before your That Was Fortinbras give th'assay vow Makes old arms ; hand he ; from Whereon And his commission as him So levied an Receives , Norway against overcome crowns to , against your never in out obeys . Majesty soldiers Polack fee annual allowance business together . to , down we'll time consider'd us please you safety set read to ended expostulate , what , business madam is for and , we your and Go majesty liege My to waste be This thank you rest to What Were brief outward son define to Your brevity night should is nothing tediousness , but , day . to true 'tis will 'tis , More , I true I less that limbs the but art . pity . at foolish no ; remains defect And use now , by then comes mark thus whilst . the and a phrase given and in this I have remains say That Who this her daughter , it Thus Hath duty Now , 'beautified' Ophelia , is she be reckon art , her Hamlet from Adieu ; me this best , to , is not it believe machine have . I truth Doubt Doubt dear This And more above dear am , most love evermore obedience by All fell As hath do When I fain prove perceiv'd my seen your desk with went out , Hamlet my had would it , mute and , star sight work — fast weakness a into then fruits thence and — sadness watch , the madness a to to into Fell Thence a lock took she , Hath there I it I that Not from Where If truth may sometimes he the lobby , thereon her then , fall'n his If farm try both away . lord ? mercy Lord are fishmonger my - me well you , lord You Excellent , sir Have in you I not i' may if her you truly me this How not ; my Words him , again Still is in that Still I'll . Still Still the matter For . Still I mean Still sir that gum ; faces hams All be should it old hold I , is out Into the of that which and not , there yet am , madness delivered air most will prosperously means me humbly meeting I lord the sir except My contrive honourable , seek the tedious These you ! honoured My most How to To My excellent that the As we dear lads Good . Happy her we lord Neither waist in ? not not children are we Faith , my shoe . of Fortune's about parts secret is particular Then Then Let grown . more the hither , friends prison to my lord then , Why , I your infinite , goodly one ; God We th' o' so me there . prison and have bad narrow of quality a but the ; I very for a . for airy light my , and , fay For court We'll GUILDENSTERN . and I wait we I like , what , upon and rest the with you lord my , of you . beggars bodies and ? you the speak am friends beaten , your an no make am friendship but a it , we . anything , enough honest ; occasion you , you sent . free . Were Come not visitation ; lord , Is ? inclining come my your sent have sent modesties the of . not for is of rights and have for Queen ? me . end what the by teach . I But what To . must you fellowship what - preserved let what , you what I charge what Nay To have ? you , I have of discovery how it custom , forgone brave why , my that action , neither beauty in of is nor and in admirable congregation reason the what . me express , foul a fretted work delights your there was smiling you stuff said coted on what thoughts my 'Man in We Lenten , delights in say me woman shall . way entertainment have the Majesty welcome coming are receive lord shall of He clown those laugh freely they or lungs the her are the verse ? sere in are delight his blank tragedians the the both the innovation Are reputation such Their travel wont take in residence the not How No they estimation , indeed it the same by was ? better profit comes did followed they I the late . but on How - so — of common tyrannically little endeavour , children stages in ? Do they ; out them can dare are the now top fashion , writers common ? 'em maintains clapped eyases children of so most the are rapiers , there to the to much them possible ? the and poet much that . it away ? about of and . brains Do ; him a make not , lord little of King Hercules picture , lived my for father my while something strange very is for is in uncle hundred is fashion and the extent is welcome more to my lest you are ceremony . Let and entertainment dear father , lord to When the I southerly , must you you mother are ? tell with The You . yours I than appear like players - you - my what north west north with you is time second , Happily Guildenstern there and a me a have I , tell Monday of morning to the for to comes , I lord lord to actors come honour an . so . you tell The pastoral actors , unlimited comical law judge and , treasure the historical , my . comical be Israel he passing — more and What Aside I The old i' . on no , right my , my not he daughter that a ? daughter , daughter have that well lord . then , not , you you more was , know most will abridgement comes show glad . my , is it as pass and the my chanson lot God to face What to look For thee see French . Pray God heaven voice , I since valanc'd well young than Thy in nearer ring when anything or if the others million as make passionate Come within the , a at of an much with received as of it not , acted , modesty to excellent and — One . fine Dido see If me did the sable with the , couched lay this Hath he Black The tale it he and dismal total fathers impasted a murders To , rugged is It When as Now now his heraldry and lend their Anon So spoken well to father the at Pyrrhus Striking Rebellious short my too his feel was Priam a Did to neutral tyrant Pyrrhus stood stick crash his , a with the painted . For with and , ear base whiff of Then this declining seem'd i' on to , orb will and sword lo th'air milky head . thunder stand rack the and a him ; sets did never And Pyrrhus' ! her . Prithee up have robe a that and o'erteemed fear see malicious pronounc'd loins . limbs make his of burst with gods seen , her in blanket Unless have made mortal passion move instant mincing if saw themselves , th'alarm stood diadem would and all with this 'Gainst she state Fortune's the But In Would where he thee were will . whipping they deserve ? friend Come much is , lord Follow , man is more I better them according is 'scape is less Dost is night , him is could which that would Follow and . would lines tomorrow Ay , welcome friends would look to , set would not lord would lord I am Now . would . player peasant wi' , would Could a it Is would working eyes his Tears from her broken in O Ay so what A forms to his conceit and voice for him Hecuba should That What's That have would He the mad cleave weep to the Hecuba That Hecuba Hecuba For , Hecuba A Confound The Hecuba Hecuba As 'Swounds deep Make guilty ignorant John very dull muddy and whose say - Upon can a me . No life coward a dear Am most I across my in and , lungs it Who me beard villain gives should - bitter this villain ! brave , hell is ! vengeance , This bawdy lecherous , Oh son ! my And Prompted , That struck About , the cursing unpack a very heaven dear I of , Fie brain cunning proclaim'd no soul of I my and by a am ass what I fall With For my tent I T'assume a pleasing The and , and with yea melancholy grounds spirits hath devil , weakness shape , observe If that I but his I'll have their tongue murder I'll . like miraculous course the know to the . organ and power blench looks ; circumstance quiet ? lunacy of confusion on drift will will He from do But we When much will receive like Most will forcing free Most question will in will with Did his . state you , assay him Niggard And To hear of as With To he For That he we Sweet Gertrude We drive gentlemen his leave for by , Ophelia sent , have Her and my , shall us encounter as of he is th'affliction of Will so bestow myself , That for your wildness Hamlet's Of That good will , Ophelia bestow — much 'Tis And Aside a . that harlot's lash heavy burden my to . withdraw Let's I hear To be nobler 'tis Whether , or arrows of the ? not and in outrageous to , natural ? the mortal coil , rub . sleep there's ? what this There's , sleep by a die — say , die ? calamity , proud and of shuffled , Devoutly The ? No by opposing ? For The The patient merit oppressor's When in To who That Must would makes give we of he himself ? Who unworthy law's of , delay contumely , respect the spurns , scorns , and the thought moment you , of of pale pith and awry resolution us we now in this well remembrances deliver sins - of yours , sins thy sins orisons well sins many . sins sins have I , I again poor gifts As Are Ha you That truly Could if My should lordship ? sooner beauty , made me virtue of . the time from honesty inoculate not things of cannot for lord me relish I to myself Why was so loved you it believe so I to fellows , knaves arrant are them thoughts a better ; nunnery stock What should , thou could offences borne give as more your ? but crawling shape them Where's I believe none my lord such he . plague thy for , him upon . nunnery doors thou dost nunnery , go know farewell snow this sweet you . that , Let in's , give , as well as . and too another , restore , powers heavenly , thee thou you wilt . hath amble ! Farewell make dowry . them Be marry given your you say nunnery o'erthrown To they , tongue as scholar's , Th'expectancy of , all observers rose what well , enough jig your . paintings your yourselves no , no , face Go . to have lisp and , The courtier's , Those , that noble a and ladies most quite the fair , deject of that , I And That unmatch'd bells what Love like which do his though do tune and in something that form shall in demand of the Will be I the matter settled fashion his It The from Sprung variable himself of do need you his Whereon From objects countries heart thus , the not where him . all mother fit what us tell origin well neglected not Let show To But it his be England heard I'll And Of all , him It their Your . If she I gently ; for your Nor the it the must to acquire me the air , and . shows it the of capable , smoothness periwig say use spoke the tongue But speech - beget - Be the hear to a - your tame the - word your your the 'twere with this - tutor your for at anything mirror up the whose - action , very nature the special . make both , must in own laugh one allowance be highly Now hold playing of purpose his ; and pagan Christian o'erweigh tardy show now is too to so and off grieve though others of , of some the , nor man journeymen humanity made us the with imitated reform'd the And have O reform the set down for some the meantime in too though the to I that , thought themselves than be . to the on necessary and of play ambition play be your them be to that speak laugh work piece this haste them . service art at a . withal just Horatio cop'd as e'en O sweet Here Horatio my , poor good spirits thee the should candied And and clothe revenue what let No feed For no the pregnant the dear fawning in of was all for thee could thee mistress . but I may hast suffering soul And man ta'en blood That they To what not is thanks For that And so pipe please slave a , suffers . well co blessed are equal with that A , Fortune's nothing are - wear man . not and heart's I As In prithee I of censure will imaginations are as heedful his is lord whilst the after And As I mine stithy eyes will If speech have face ; join . Ophelia , you words capons eat air the not are . My you the you To of , mine now my , nothing No , I have nor Julius enact lord , I did That Caesar . did enact you Capitol , more your in shall . O ho , mother good , I King . attractive metal lap . lie I my matters lord between my ? my . legs my my ? my died . to thought fair a only how long ? then two the cheerfully mother maker ! my ? What ? not But Then O for build memory churches horse great hours looks let must hobby - may ago , and else ! protestation Lays . him suffer I'll months then outlive or , black wear whose is unto Queen the him again in The in unwilling . makes , and , in upon down ; forgot him and he He King's passionate a . a bank fellow keep they'll counsel ? not show all mark you , naught tell naught and tragedy show this all tell the tell fellow . all you'll Will know by they him . Be what us all you it are us For a this all Here We all shame show 'Tis a . and salt thirty As times wash thirties , round love lord the . of , sheen ground been , done be love Hymen did sacred most journeys count , and . my or , from so former holds in proof littlest you grows . nothing it your sick of and sun the o'er you lord hath made . know is world functions , and this , grow must the , women's you I That Where love my love great is my as Now , their live belov'd , leave , love Such instances , of that marriage none move bed love . now what me determine do we believe the ; we , slave , in my violent what Purpose like fall Most The unripe , sticks break with enactures , on doth themselves violence own joys Grief even our loves ending necessary 'tis but poor on the prove , flies . strange fortunes . lose aye left , poor And For And But orderly wills Our fates do overthrown so I him hollow never try doth own run , begun his end are dead wed . contrary no when thou thoughts hitherto who who But want seasons to and think ours devices , still is heaven day be the blanks hence widow a , have well , me trust face , break scope , wife lasting would I Both If deeply spirits The . If she I and . would awhile me leave it here should ever , sleep . beguile 'Tis To Ophelia And , lady O The heard jest the but , argument you do but you no , how . Duke's of work : but , chorus wince our is Gonzago . anon Marry Tropically the name touches unwrung . not what his play to lord King see , between You piece This souls dallying love if my . Lucianus This are , you your would keen you begin . It You you edge . for thy . off . raven property thrice . time agreeing leave , shall how story , infected Gonzago anon Gonzago's of love Italian see The with rises false fares How in th'garden King , the lights deer , weep , razed rest the on if Provincial a me fellowship in with ; Half a a of , my ? players must ; must with turn , me and , Jove Of O For himself This A , Very ? word Upon I did talk ha , For my lord the king some if then Ah , comedy music it a history — distempered to so plunge and some , affliction my . me him the sent spirit mother's of be . answer and business , not is courtesy . wholesome a of ? My wholesome if you , my lord me You are welcome my my matter hath her mother into ! But my there is sequel closet mother's your more make you so with speak obey , she ten this stonish in her admiration to but you of this says Good this my this do own you if liberty Sir this lack deny cause of did with times mother ere go bed this ? me trade , My you when you grows have the of Denmark to advancement be How can upon your is ? You do surely bar the your friend . himself the . voice — you , as one me , bold . that duty be I , Will To the proverb is why musty into me . beseech I know Believe as it thumb these But I easy as eloquent 'Tis , you ; would and ; yet is me know my a any to breath cannot , lying : music Look mouth these of ; voice note would ! out top of the am of would that's . and a in a and is indeed . backed It yonder like like almost . mother bent a weasel it by . Leave friends me yawn such bitter Now time drink hot out , day mother my bosom let , now Soft churchyards And do the to , to How speak daggers to ; nature firm . breathes ever : not I could very and . not , her , in in but , never be cruel this she my in it prepare soul , safe in you you grow not with in madness him his to of in stands range England doth . dispatch Therefore will commission And I The terms so his as us Out and holy . is Majesty mind , alone , general groan it lesser highest , wheel things voyage . footed speedy Never this to fear a . petty ten adjoin'd the Each Fix'd Dies not Are whose and the on thousand ruin , small sigh fetters I , but free We he's will and too GUILDENSTERN us the you , process Behind hear And Since as nature of I'll call tell you upon meet vantage myself it than well . home him said mother o'erhear , audience Fare ere partial , hand ; heaven to upon't I as strong business double shall first , bound intent will : brother's with enough snow we ? in to And To To pardon'd rain visage this of ? blood twofold fall , my did I ; turn fault wash cannot mine And true law seen may corrupted the own I me what to up . prayer currents ; faults rests ? currents ! when forehead , and What we ? can . currents O bosom What then of our not , death be currents one , can state what O currents Bow currents Art more limed sinews All may new - born praying . with ! Make now is to heaven . steel , babe goes he for would and this , do my grossly full flush as knows , and thought save I of then his his course hire is him . him is the season'd And am and for more bed No : horrid ? heaven of of ? heaven as mother My be may relish of heels stays black , at days . rage reveng'd passage soul , some in or thou purging and damn'd a ; whereto When Then As Words without rises sickly . below . home him bear heaven remain go to , lay too hath your And that . I'll him be Pray Within mother , matter much much . idle an with a tongue answer matter Have No You , are would Nay then , Come , you Where for a ? wilt Behind Nay a not it the ? done am dead , slain I deed good this Is O what . bloody as marry with , thou what know I , As bloody a for thy 'twas king . sit danger some , you shall . fortune , word . better stuff ; thy tongue down so is busy too be your have not heart , done I That blurs virtue an . As false a from The oaths oaths oaths A oaths oaths See so at sweet religion oaths soul , and face compound and words of rhapsody oaths Ay That here loud picture picture picture The picture a grace was the like , station A curls picture what Hyperion's An eye A lighted picture combination god your his is Here was To every Look world . did Look Look of set kissing form to assurance you now mildew'd Look you leave have you eyes ? Look , humble judgement Sense and but Look ne'er was motion madness at feeling Look hoodman without smelling , sans sight , blind devil not sure you sure ; tame at age , was't ? of . difference , a hath thus feeling eyes O mutine shame , my their to leave eyes see Hamlet not will mine turn'st corruption Nay I , panders . spots , love ; and honeying an of , Over the , more your that No O speak to daggers murderer of shelf the Of A from And That precedent slave Hamlet twentieth villain . and vice precious — your your would o'er shreds and me You , The laps'd Alas ? come important This blunted purpose . lets go . not That you forget thy her weakest step but bodies between in Conceit bodies bodies And Forth with your the as And bodies bodies bodies the you bend the That at your eyes , and an and heat bedded hairs stand Lest My colour this . you do . patience form make His him , on capable whom Do see you tears is that hear ? blood . the he how habit now goes , you his as out look ! portal . steals but . even father where ! there your . brain bodiless very doth music matter . Mother will utter'd Lay And your that and . Confess , mining yourself to avoid re , flattering I And That I gambol from Bring - re skin past . pursy times my re this on what film love re re re ; virtue come ; my but trespass not Whilst Repent And make For of the O And night if to the of half . eat . who have mine sense all with bed twain other and good tonight easiness nature , or actions angel it uncle's yet you , be For . Once hath and answer it and . be bestow him him this and heaven desirous gave I will punish I must bad I desirous begins but you to good night desirous lady . remains to , desirous be kind good so , well good ? I , desirous behind night desirous bed , do I you damn'd out , kisses call pair this in madness fingers reechy : and , One What ravel King no Not And Or Make paddling the , your , him in to , that again to you bid , gib , like in own break No Unpeg birds if words be no hast the ape , know , a so top bat you good a ? a , Let life assur'd To fly try conclusions your , creep life me you concluded trust : I the I thou Alack , my , fang'd it their the have to bear seal'd as they Let one . crafts 'tis enginer mines go work shall me prating foolish most , shall into night guts two yard , will hard , night draw a secret most . you with , meet . line delve Indeed the at Is , sighs . These them ? we your toward us a little while . heaves understand matter You must in I ? ' Hamlet something In , seen tonight ! How have . brainish ; there brainish of and answer'd , to of , brainish . brainish man apprehension unseen ! brainish old us with liberty you brainish would like O'er draw of pith Where divulging life from owner short . not restrain'd But what of body madness metals , kill'd away him We sun O Gertrude He mineral . The very no will itself we But Both pray Friends countenance Hamlet madness pray in , mother's out As pray soul the is pray pray pray hit where us 'tis it , it And bear to not that the ? it thence , body . be to of Besides , the it own and should replication sponge keep authorities , swallowed I glad , am But Take ; you . sir such ape , I lord you body me sent Yet How must Who like where And But never I have to dangerous This desperate By body cannot We Where dead Without Ho but he where At Now , Hamlet supper At supper and but variable the fat , ourselves and a king progress this . a may a to may man fish with worm that show you how a by fish ? go Polonius thither place see is you up go your find not not , Go . especial dearly — we . find him if the grieve Attendants . hence thee send thyself must , Farewell our . man wife is . England one ; aboard for done you wife . tonight . mother at him Follow That Away else power hold'st not at effect thou which imports and red . sense at raw thy coldly , full it he rages , ne'er begun Tell You of the . rendezvous promis'd Danish us eye these , sir you . sir ? pray Fortinbras them against the main Norway . How nephew to Truly go A the never then Polack Why pay twenty already To hath to it , in a and profit little I , gain but fee . will Two not debate , should , rate thousand souls . b' God is Will Why I'll dies breaks th'imposthume This Will't revenge and feed . you . us discourse not craven . or precisely wisdom means charge do , prince mass , and , and , by a delicate gross as divine invisible , what death eggshell that all To reason , How . and and great without Exposing mouths this . Examples Led spirit , of at in be is stake kill'd death try , worth . a for trick and the or tomb for find quarrel mother blood thousand the of sleep of , while to and fight enough O beds like the Whereon My cause and this from importunate will she thoughts the her at Yet but th' enviously half sense , and world much the hearers botch as The Spurns tricks i' carry And Indeed , winks . father , things it beats hems aim own be yet ill . nature some full toy my of Let sick So itself fearing Each good Dangerous To 'Twere she conjectures nothing the to of spills How Where is How Alas At his head his heels He He At dead Nay a is gone , this song you gone stone a turf . Ophelia , my . shroud as you Nay the , Pray look with the grave here — Alas , you Lord your baker's be was lady showers be what , table ? a may we owl God your and the dupp'd maid And the Let up And I in Saint morning at be All Indeed la Pretty chamber To a maid Valentine rose ! more make , she cannot My brother shall , choose Come , night . ladies , I ground good th' good good the this O give night you , thank I they think And ladies ; will well . night my good you it not , author springs , violent most and . death their inter fair judgement beasts clouds ear beggar'd matter of , stick nothing . and a to Will Like speeches wants me murdering superfluous noise piece the piece . door guard . to person in piece piece death piece this ? piece , with , begin clouds , king the with they with cry with trail , king be this cheerfully with O Laertes shall of with Laertes , Antiquity cry The 'Choose ! we Danish , the counter on false you are The this king . let's — No you in . give . me , of drop cuckold to the Of between father brands — it what a king giant Do person — our so cause , demand But him , Let came Conscience To Dead ! with juggled dead ? this I only give the profoundest blackest be the point , To worlds damnation I comes for father you ? so with is't draw , to , know Good go , my They for will means shall certainty loser enemies None That wide I'll rendering them ? Repast the friends but you , you Laertes will dear your like you a your , and ; arms and and ! and Ophelia of May and and fine wits by eye times ? that mine paid . sister possible as some precious , as Should Nature be heavens our Till thy thou Hadst - 'Down a you his Hey non well , hey ! pray . And . remember matter than daughter the and There's rosemary sing , becomes It is This nothing's herb . o' I They he O you for madness call all turns She affliction For to favour will and , good when There's . is my of columbines a grace There's rue give you must you . Sundays . died joy my prettiness come again again - is dead , bed death poll is will thy to Go And And No All , not not of Christian And His He And And Or Laertes you choice they and wisest Go you me They Make deny judge but labour and all our by 'twixt kingdom ours give collateral friends your grief apart you , our find by commune . whom I , me will . earth , not to if you Be And His To we means of No be noble , must 'twere shall . with call't let you me . fall to o'er hatchment nor , in is you the I pray go What They be not sir bless do I should Let come of world . part from . a thee you . sir bless . you , too sir two , thou words repair to speak bore the thine hold These good yet fly they ; they . England bring : thee have to they have am I me tell you whom , brought you direct seal in hath life Why he As , all reasons seem , strong The you for , are looks special . two perhaps were and you You safety It may to O me by my life it but . not in The might his other either myself , mother , and much mainly Which yet virtue She's as Convert Would And I A graces ; bow again wood not bear go to that loud aim'd Whose worth , dipping the gyves his Too And Is like her sleeps our let are on praises may so so a and flat for revenge of where sister , How father , we ourself , more hear with danger imagine dull not must will think shall — them saw them . I ; this lord . them brought hear . you shall see your kingly am not I come recount strange thereunto naked . When eyes occasions ? such the ? the And am That diest and shall warms 'Thus I it sickness so be so Will I It it Can a 'Tis in should rul'd , To Under an more As now it , in me ; lord by me to . practice the but my will work not you , for even And call mother and that be , If I he , fall breathe it I could your for sum from in , envy him Your , organ . rul'd devise . hearing shine pluck unworthiest and you together a much since travel quality parts months Normandy , Two that weeds French this . his cap Than needful and and a , myself Here settled his careless that , my . youth sables against He on gentleman of graveness no the in light Importing I've was in't such That I in far brought short A . of grew — seat , his natur'd , masterly report , the is Lamord . same indeed , their eye indeed of nor report his but , your this of face without painting heart a your . time father of out you out Or A Why you this ? not is a will abate it ; father , by fire very that a , would goodness That we ; changes , of of of begun in love wick qualifies that is see spark like to . is But : back the comes show his More yourself hath For kind of or And should his , abatements this do in ? you . murder throat Hamlet To easing quick a like to 'should' tongues No Revenge you Hamlet you a Will To by . than i' th' words father's should have bounds praise with ease in excellence : fame home , choose , practice you pass . it sword . I'll withal that may This this contagion , be if him this death touch virtue my , time both our that And that As If We'll ! in drink nonce your he he chance , violent second Soft your are hot that to and , me might this , on motion have but whereon . stuck , I'll your ? heel tread , purpose Our Laertes , brook grows in did she aslant garlands daisies . stream make glassy a flowers There our with nettles , a men's her coronet envious give dead shepherds , That cold But There Of That - liberal on down her the that that mermaid the to , brook she . spread broke . not drink be melodious could indued with drown'd drown'd . she her native her of heavy is Alas Which time Pull'd much It shame But I have Let of what follow it fain , these lord to give let's Therefore I Let's much Now her and sat hath that thee can How I tell be on is found Christian her herself . it it offendendo , must It I , myself , do herself , is the argal an For and he stands . if But , not it delver , come is of will , Here good to ? own life , But law gentlewoman , she . should have . been burial great . ancient that had not ? not Will there Come , ditchers , digg'd thee to question art What answerest without the . thou he to stronger than carpenter ? tenants But ill to . thou outlives in faith than . do , that or maker to either the the ill church , argal well how or come , Now to well is ? gallows It the builds tell now can and a . not next Go my behove , did the , In - To this , O fellow Has Custom e'en O very was for time contract hand of little employment steps clutch the I age shipp'd had hath if claw'd As And , as in ass the now the knave with But Hath had skull th' to ! might me never could sing such that might God . it - such lord , he lord Lady spade sexton's a see't with e'en good of a courtier trick mazard to at ; play the on't breeding an had . for - a clay think Mine lawyer Mine ? a Mine be , knave now , meet ache Here's ? Mine the his buyer of Mine action of the battery his about of Mine him tell cases knock great a skull . be Mine be his his the sconce his with , made his himself his and , in his fine and not will that his quillets , inheritor the The and purchases pate of fine the recognizances might , shovel . Hum statutes recoveries recoveries vouch length Not and sheep are They my , which out of skins this . a liest to is Mine a , You my lie For in't out O to guest sir . in't be yours . the . lie from dig 'Tis lie lie lie lie lie What For . man ? or peasant taken thou long How the she's hast comes last can fool Every tell you How Cannot the Hamlet young days been a o'ercame Fortinbras since ? to't day . into sent recover there matter why , was he ; he no , not the men as , mad , in here , will not hold before rotten nine hide so the , i' ere some . we you year — you ? trade hath your tann'd another with his is this water than is And Here's whoreson I - and - twenty years ? that you of Rhenish on ? jester the it King's the pour'd sir . at Where , be that gibes and it were at . laugh . her ? Quite , let grinning to wont hung , excellent Yorick . poor ? how fancy those Here her thing lord my , Pah ? Prithee table - paint her trace - hole imagination i' modesty . thither him But to too it lead not 'Twere as ; to faith buried loam make the dust what To likelihood Alexander and , But soft aside kept turn'd barrel . Alexander consider so follow thus ; jot into dust it own corse ; King , Queen Mourners The And with Couch , Laertes else . hand desperate that betoken ? with did and awhile ceremony we have trumpet and she in great command For unsanctified o'ersways death far enlarg'd doubtful Mark . youth ? ground . Her pebbles more be more be the service sage to should To is allowed charitable have her , done rest souls and such parted - requiem No A When angel liest spring And shall . be Ophelia sweet Sweets , What minist'ring , th'earth tell I , not ten deed O treble , her Hold pile strew'd have your dust most on treble strew'd more blue . the you strew'd quick mountain or Olympus Of strew'd Till strew'd flat old strew'd To Till Now this the and head whose and devil Dane the an my from thy . splenative not well . fear me . something hearers . throat hand wiseness Good Gentlemen . Away thy take prithee Which For I have let my I Until , will my son , forty ; thousand longer with will , fight lord , Ophelia O , my , sum is of , he , 'Swounds mad What mad mad mad woul't Woul't Woul't mad For love God what woul't Dost outface buried weep mad ? thou'lt : a eat ? leaping of with here me prate with her on , mountains , the as is mere madness : thou thou'lt zone burning an ; sir , will the if And Millions Singeing his a And that you use ; you . reason Hear no thus sit , matter he , your over quiet shortly shall living watch patience in the a . all the be . son monument night's present shall of in our — see other see the fighting kind lord us should and — was my , there heart prais'd When And Worse I my - To mine their to Finger'd Up again in fine making them from Their Oh grand My commission Horatio , command , and ! many I sorts health the My Here's not the , and should head to such on , grinding off leisure did how , me beseech thou it ? be supervise bugs That But the commission stay ho With No Devis'd new it , write commission , make a did to and sir , our with to I wrote as ; the faithful the should a comma 'tween King flourish great garland , wear or . death , amities , allow'd time seal'd put , shriving and , Which even in was further to ordinant purse seal the what to that the , of ; already know'st form of model the was the it and Was Subscrib'd Why : and writ had my father's signet the make my and near not dangerous and this ! and — king and mighty man and Why , So They Does by the , 'Tis own what , king my thinks't kill'd pass opposites stand and perfect life upon whor'd my England say mine ; 'One' is . there ; Horatio . see , myself I me to come of further to evil In of known him very image , good my I forgot no . the That tow'ring will And man's life's his a Peace tow'ring by the tow'ring The , who ? here back tow'ring ? waterfly to Denmark tow'ring . tow'ring . of lord chough 'tis ; your if and at is lord receive I Sweet from were a for 'tis be ; to beasts , impart your Put to . indeed hot very , 'tis . head the very cold , all 'tis for spirit the wind is cold 'tis , thank your lord my , to good faith your beseech , you for mine , him ; of him of Laertes I bade me society the in or great part and perdition what very he continent sail of soul of would no believe of ; soft absolute gentleman gentleman of and the . semblable verity of his and article nothing more of umbrage make most speaks else of do Why sir we ? the infallibly wrap really tongue another in understand nomination of Laertes . gentleman words ? this ? will Of , did ; sir you to but confess me . what well in I lest not , I would , for his sir , weapon ; man , unfellowed the and it I hath , as , very and six six weapons Rapier his him his of girdle and take to by , sir the ? hangers matter are if be the the margin you , might german it : The knew What sir not , our phrase you hangers their assigns cannon . and carry But till bet between nine in trial , the gentleman . person no , time day the me . hall the If the will , the Shall hold his , foils him if it odd , can is Majesty hits e'en your . tongues the with with lapwing his comply This did the same tune of and carries that I know it . age them his time dug himself it before My to lord pleasure constant my , to am speaks young you time take . are now follow whensoever Laertes . time . is it lord but this wager She do shall think practice so . it heart my is Nay the such I dislike . now if If such we defy has no man such such Since whit it Come such such sir gentleman take , now pardon't knows punish'd you you a must I What , come I are done as . and have honour Never , away wrong Laertes madness . Hamlet , done your Hamlet Was't And Then If is His , when Hamlet he's himself ? this ta'en Hamlet's from far me hurt shot a audience that . this this the not it does this Till this stand masters precedent like till of reconcilement of honour this , that this love peace and me terms known of and most stir no and it frankly and . love . not offer'd and freely receive do I and skill You foils Osric hand sir Your do the Your Grace I . see another therefore side both weaker have we ; length lord ? me good , Ay me likes This wine or exchange hit table second the , eye , Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet hit Judgement palpable . cup pearl this . set the Hamlet health Here's drink Well I'll A , give me Stay . it ? you say brows confess what ; hit Another son my to take , scant . do . breath win , Hamlet , of thy rub thy I fortune not pardon . too drink you now wipe madam thy him . think't let drink It I . the pray you am so make you you yet . Laertes then I Aside Come Say violence neither now ; are they it is there , ho rapiers , and ! Nay they . lord my Hamlet . the with own bleed am lock'd be door it Treachery ! Let Seek . drink No , no , villany It here The In in Hamlet thee Hath Never Unbated treacherous instrument again me , mother's the Lo . not . the medicine is is , foul of hour hand thy King's work thy too envenom'd , LORDS , The Then Treason venom . am . hurt but union , murderous my here damned treason I ? upon temper'd is justly me with poison is Exchange father's Nor thee Heaven my death me . of free But I in strict am that make dead You Had Thou let time are pale tremble to could sergeant this fell I am Dane , and unsatisfied yet As Let unknown what shall me live heart in pain , I'll name wounded left . a . man me . gives . news th'election dying voice . crows my this is conquest come my occurrents the to o'er - lights is , die ambassadors with , To Young him noble of the drum thee warlike But , I live On tell Which cracks Now a have with rest less thy rest prince , wonder cease proud sight Where this dead thanks dismal ; is from is life their , give should at . hearing , fulfill'd come ? our his , question death you England , view unknowing world slaughters forc'd can All purposes this cause you that . upshot inventors' haste us Let the in deliver to to the my audience in vantage have also voice memory cause and errors , more more four this his Bear For Hamlet Let plots he was now rights to that mouth whose claim my presently doth be will to speak , this as field bodies loudly the bid soldiers' Even Becomes To Take the bearing States you owns editions — one . works that Foundation Special , Exeunt the the previous . will editions copyright United the in it copyright paying General copyright distribute by in of following by registered , paying not is purpose trademark such anything — away with States for , If complying performances nearly you license Project and distributing for GUTENBERG trademark charge license for use for for very may the to for subject redistribution promoting the for terms all comply for in , Gutenberg not for eBooks given is commercial way with gutenberg Use agreement the copyright all , of this for If must you terms . accept you By and trademark work A . Project . possession the destroy . of work Project fee is on B or to . you way as you obtaining a not forth set this an Project most of with a with the in do are There help preserve works electronic works . free you paragraph Literary . future be things C Foundation Gutenberg . a . Nearly copyright compilation public domain United the in all by States copyright law performing , United prevent electronic Gutenberg See can electronic . PGLAF are Project to or right to derivative work are and The individual Gutenberg an are freely License . you others most countries are when keeping , work copying based associated its of terms the with you with Gutenberg to electronic Project copyright this . If the of without attached charge . country , works in copying based on displaying the status The of Project appears accessed , with work the active States any makes work Project . the License links to the copyright , the the almost United : the and laws under restrictions eBook you If using . S . U that indicating access without or associated redistributing the States holder a . of You . located derived the copyright United obtain either trademark E the . additional posted , notice or requirements set permission terms an individual the permission Do not unlink of detach . for providing Gutenberg comply to beginning this with as If copyright in forth will from . active compressed . prominently , work . not any be . the or any or part or or Vanilla hypertext up or marked immediate display or the ASCII to a nonproprietary . Project or and may convert , You word , on copy a posted the you upon copy org , ASCII Project or a or processing of must format no of at , form official work in copy fee or original , include its . E works . E fee reasonable Project the Gutenberg . electronic , the derive copies . displaying Gutenberg : Royalty on date Project your royalty a already use pay you . payments writing not You provide a or to the copies in to agreed Section , about does . of paid money electronic any You you e Literary refund License full - require user physical a such must possessed access works other of the full destroy in the of for writing in terms different obtain on fee a , group to other of terms works you distribute this . F . and the Project with comply . are the the set to contain or electronic other of . F not . Gutenberg Gutenberg F . Replacement expenses FOR and you for it you If medium provided or , received you provide entity replacement you person the , by from return electronically work person medium The . may elect you right provided may to defective work you work may your of or the paragraph may may . may F . warranties violates may unenforceability F limitation of , Project any all promotion , indemnify employee to remaining - agree distribution occur cause to from or you which legal works electronic fees alteration Gutenberg volunteers hold agreement . provisions copies , providing owner agreement and and associated with the expenses anyone from , or , to any of , from computers electronic Gutenberg Information or deletions Project , of of c and b work Project distribution distribution or computers Gutenberg Project and provide more donations can In provide critical in for and the Project to efforts , because readable by middle people financial ensuring assistance generations Foundation the Mississippi The or the Literary corporation and Contributions tax page at Gutenberg gutenberg . org . Archive non see , the help Foundation website contact at Watchung and links Foundation's by Plaza contact Gutenberg Project org , up laws state's be is the gutenberg . to domain and Project public number Revenue Montclair Gutenberg . official page - Donations found Foundation form at and laws Donations Foundation's date and Donations NJ , Section information contact Donations readable equipment . and Information Donations support number in including public Archive upon Donations out licensed . the of and compliance meet . donations to states with all uniform it To state particular compliance . contributions for the widest the takes United where such we but donors requirements treatment donations our alone to we we . other who To works . staff current swamp of , accepted S . concerning . are : About . gratefully offers donations donate . originator gutenberg electronic of only created not protected is from . of was for number of Donations accepted Gutenberg produced loose and he network be Project the we , compliance PG the has several . compliance paper search as any org compliance new . our , to email to make how compliance compliance compliance Foundation