. unfold and . hour upon ? Get much now 'Tis think them . hear of If Have quiet had guard haste ! ground . the Give I Friends reliev'd hath Barnardo , Give good him night ? good who , Horatio . nothing appear'd Marcellus , Horatio will dreaded sight entreated this him seen . seen our , again fortified we have against us That And What tush , 'twill awhile down of all from , and part of heaven Marcellus the , star Last Barnardo t'illume that's , burns his made Where , it The Peace same figure scholar break thee Look , it the like not like Most a ; Thou Looks . the King to King Horatio it fear harrows Did What with that thee Denmark buried time . to Mark ? of form , Horatio , fair and Question gone See It is it In thou art the Together By which ! 'Tis , speak ! I will more God my ! How speak ! this ! He smote he and an armour when . ice ? the to gone our opinion not watch hour on ; strange Polacks jump at , the angry cannon sore task , that watch observant most cast of the war tell this sit and some , and of I know state he from that with this Sunday be that joint the And And So Good make divide strict me subject strange why foreign daily least Doth What not Why Was seiz'd ratified law and our of which the return'd compact pride last , King , valiant with this Did Did For At of the , carriage vanquisher , Of to he been ; a , which a all life known Fortinbras same Fortinbras , the sir article and state other is our unto enterprise , some , mettle unimproved Hamlet Against he stood up stomach skirts diet appear of no by hand , resolutes there foresaid lands it - main lost compulsatory , this strong lawless to full , and preparations , rummage the take I , in't well doth food As a to And The source of this it may is trouble : the Comes In tenantless stood and squeak Did the little graves gibber of blood Of this post was mote As with in whose influence the That the through our watch . star coming on demonstrated . fierce the and to and omen still of with fates countrymen where The , prologue Was and dews empire Neptune's our climatures together country's thy privy to , good Speak there thou harbingers heaven ! though Unto preceding and the comes Stay be done illusion ! of and do , or again ! voice . thing ease any to . art For Shall Speak of here here 'Tis gone being of so . it with stand at Do It We was And For do offer it wrong , the as it To Th'extravagant faded present . in confine that ever 'gainst on say Some This , a , and made cock . heard the - trumpet that our Saviour's and fire is Whether To his of crowing the Awake crowing crowing So But crowing long crowing ; the is the of say , crowing crowing russet do power time . strike , him with my hill it in , have duty ? the is gracious we for us , Unto Let we our life speak will upon by eastward clad . know death it and , one , Cornelius , Hamlet Laertes , Attendant , Voltemand dear our green contracted with sometime discretion grief brow sorrow sister to our that whole defeated of Th'imperial With as , nor Your auspicious weighing with in of our kingdom fought now state , Yet so far Have Taken With with a to thinking Holding to equal in 'twere and scale In mirth With this , valiant his not hath ourself for our Now To Our Or state Importing the suppress subject , further His The Norway uncle - purpose in full of : with you further made old articles business the and for ; his this this time of : we you these ; and all King Voltemand , scope . show will commend , now And it Of CORNELIUS , nothing , some us be to and : of What native head throne the hand The And You told lose reason the ? asking heart , came to ? father that coronation , lord Denmark , the more instrumental of more to the mouth France ; my last Polonius ; What at . my and says slow . will my than — thy go to it Hamlet kind son ? you . hang on sun , Denmark die , much friend thy father ever A . so be , noble it If Ay it it I good with , particular . lives the lids must eternity common dust vailed in that to all , not madam is of ? not . of indeed show might which within suits passeth eye , the the . These mourning commendable trappings that nor , No I but To the can with they For are me , dejected have these lost stubbornness a obstinate will unfortified a most shows we understanding be , incorrect ; is know For As should most must simple unschool'd heaven , a is filial , and to unmanly 'Tis . thing to our Fie the of , theme whose a vulgar grief vulgar common , vulgar note us opposition nature fault as vulgar the any To heart who a peevish vulgar woe . fathers absurd and common cried throne love his son vulgar to today think no most father a immediate he We most beseech , immediate Here And is It I of This first corse till died that pray immediate less retrograde you you , us immediate with lose you . immediate of nobility courtier in we immediate and you our Wittenberg , immediate of remain son obey go our prayers her cheer pray thee I all loving Denmark unforc'd that the great But Sits Be thy mother smiling health Re And No King's - I Why gentle ourself 'tis This shall , in and a come ; today the flesh fix'd unweeded unprofitable God , of an ! dew would too resolve too - slaughter not and come this ! had thunder shall Come O rank flat Everlasting the , Or O and the should not , That seed to that , a excellent Hyperion Visit he merely ; not too it dead . Oh canon weary me nay so much to mother two that beteem That I A little Must her if increase of poor of she father's a were body old father reason my more married , with — uncle discourse a , tears mine , eyes month , the Had Let Would God , me left the to brother , but salt . it to incestuous must break But It She married With is , Hail my change Marcellus good servant friend my ? Horatio : with from name Wittenberg — Good Wittenberg from my ear my Nor I do yourself what make shall you teach But My I it was to see mock to . your of your that To Against , me , Indeed me Thrift I me lord me me Or My seen me Horatio ! the , forth furnish my I day that lord Horatio , deliver your of let love God's For me admiration witness nights Season Upon ear The an Two Marcellus and marvel This , on your night watch , hear together these their surprised not whilst eyes , thrice march , and - with figure and middle : kept , had them of And Where Form By Appears before truncheon's the they thing comes , The the are not the with jelly to Almost speak and lord sound then motion shrunk morning like head cock it up the made My the And strange sight in as to it ; did not Itself lifted it none , it 'tis . of let live , To As think it writ it lord down know , our this troubles duty ? tonight watch say you ? my . face to foot up . in wore anger than in ? frowningly What , more , or red . eyes upon you . much had fix'd like with Not , It would I have Stay'd . long haste seen have His , longer and beard A will I assume it it hitherto peace itself noble . conceal'd but . hap should sight still ; you silence else hold whatsoever me you have understanding 'twixt to you . and , twelve , well . come were night : to ! play foul arms to ! rise . sleep not do . from , as embark'd the doubt and Hamlet For it Hold A , let me hear you winds are , assistant is But fashion the and of youth you not a in violet the Think and For virtue himself is subject his not you cautel ; will unvalu'd not The And health voice be on to as his , sanctity the and believe he of and choice he so . must his his choice and ; this that says far loves sustain which ; particular it , you of unmaster'd Fear Ophelia what if yielding Then his your the wisdom therefore head deed saying in fits As Than weigh in and danger your . withal treasure dear of strokes : moon of be buttons , though best itself wary Youth The canker her not infants are lesson . affection disclos'd in fear . youth . lies of this and imminent , liquid dew none good But . oft Be to to a dalliance to pastors thorny and and way reckless do good th'effect my recks his of rede father here But me own . comes . grace leave , Aboard is not . double . fear a upon double are these a Laertes sits , here Occasion A I And wind Those Grapple Look unproportion'd , any thou Be ? smiles The you Yet And thou . for stay'd character thoughts in hast soul ; but thy fancy censure thine man Take familiar dull - that in For not Costly man's the each new unto , and but thy ; gaudy ; rank the not buy , Beware . comrade quarrel hatch'd to a Bear't Give every , proclaims reserve thy judgement station in true ; friend itself nor dulls , be this thee lord : best the loses borrower Thou Farewell time Farewell , you to and , have , you not then to : the own as follow it Ophelia ; do Most yourself So And . Farewell What please ; you , of made late me , it You so Given of in way my understand caution as been — yourself 'tis on you . truth tell ? think these think , speak ! such , I Affection Marry Ay it you , And given all the to In he countenance almost catch vows my . go . time daughter know soul making extinct it as I lord speech his With springes blood holy of heaven ; In which vows given with command Than You take , burns , how prodigal the , any sanctified in be believe Do a Than Believe so you ; larger tether may few . talk you slander beguile . suits from terms ; plain so The air obey moment , all : lord very . air . near walk ? my his It then wont . it not it this is I Wherein King swaggering the his drains , wake tonight , drum trumpet Rhenish reels his draws upspring of draughts doth Keeps as he wassail triumph manner And honour'd the heavy the it is't I it the of other nations and west east tax'd headed a ; than breach born marry And my This Soil The They More to to Makes From That our clepe Ay though , complexion forts habit manners — that much , one star , these not his wherein mole and addition ; and , our , though indeed it takes height . guilty , in men particular in cannot nature some Carrying The by of , form virtues else Being I say , man own scandal corruption of o'erleavens men evil man a of To particular general be , stamp grace man as , man ! man comes man us from blasts goblin damn'd hell Hamlet me ! inurn'd Be I thy not royal Dane in the nature , jaws , or charitable , thee but this ? steel the in death sepulchre marble fools reaches shake ! mean , ground . what Look you It not But waves if it to ? you is It more , not what I soul fear thing It my not , for What if waves me you dreadful summit follow itself as sovereignty horrible the into other sea , fee ; that , beneath many , it puts motive of the base Think , the ? fathoms Go It my lord , desperation it I'll on . your go thee . Be fate off follow . the sea . nerve me of , on a Go I'll am call'd , He waxes As Let's ! him come thou Have Something . what it . no ! flames , almost and up sulph'rous tormenting further I'll , go hearing hour is I to Must come poor render Alas revenge , bound I . to , fast I when thy term I a foul for And To Till burnt away day am to spirit in fires night , spheres from , walk ? What for purg'd of start like tale . confin'd father's days that certain done But in to to freeze ; secrets could Make the Would and foul his O If of But this particular and stars combined eyes not on stand dear blood eternal hair didst . the List list most unnatural ! the to As to most , strange , it unnatural ; as revenge my , Wouldst That rots shouldst in , this thou find apt than Now . in A Is by out Rankly wears forged ; the of thou sting did Now thou given abus'd Mine O serpent stung ; soul prophetic my , of Ay wit seduce , my ! gifts , incestuous O wicked adulterate , the decline hand in to Upon I of To . sate though virtue whose natural a a itself to in a in and was love and - was with dignity , there ; marriage off to won — of shape prey And Will mine Though So lewdness a lust , But it court my ! methinks I garbage her wretch , in With And juice an gates And as leperous porches of with swift natural And The the enmity courses through ; effect , vile . So bark'd smooth with blood like and a - like All most , of queen at brother's once sin unanel'd my ; to my ! most on , the of ! not Let the O made , Unhous'led With of I wholesome body a . and in off Cut Thus , But A nature ! reckoning horrible thou , howsoever Taint hast that . the earth ! heart ? old sinews my me stiffly ? heaven O , O table my memory while up , away fond of all from , Remember , my else me fire uneffectual ! grow pressures brain live there of ! heaven , villain down ! Denmark a , set is , may to Now smile be ' remember MARCELLUS and adieu you it it Meet , baser book and . woman , my it I villain . in . my word so sworn't , So Lord I have . lord . Lord ! come Lord Lord Lord Lord . it tell Lord ! is't What my say then , heaven by , he's Ay Nor would you'll , a ghost But tell . from the Denmark lord my you heart be my lord i' are we circumstance hands point all right without , more arrant , you as I , all an poor — at desire man ; you and , heartily , faith Yes sorry wild , and that ; and us To shall and desire and . words go for whirling offend my is , There's is fit it hold your every you vision tell between , you us And know . there heartily me . and , soldiers will and . good friends this let is . friends me , what we , We now , one may Never My are you known Nay Nor I , my , lord , upon We faith Upon , my under ? cellarage there thou . swear stage , indeed . truepenny . have . shift ground . my , by speak of this that . our upon that gentlemen heard ? Horatio welcome wondrous i' more , is stranger heaven your never odd , or hereafter on think help philosophy To O Well worthy and are , As you encumber'd we to speak' or at As , know' , giving be to : me at help need not out 'We some could this most — mercy thus So you to . do note , gentlemen perturbed . Beneath , Rest rest you we 'If grace May Nay born of on out not lack cursed , me commend to do a as , you together . pray spite . it , shall still The You , shall Give him and I said My Marry I his said you very , 'And in Ay him part if't encompassment question more it of and , come , nearer him , friends , this father some , part so forgeries As you dishonour he , he's ; rank on so ; ' usual him none that ' say 'not well ' slips ' very there heed , noted and most and . known ' ' blood mind liberty unreclaimed a the . so charge in it incontinency taints fiery lord do I would my good lord , laying And good should , it Wherefore good good Ay good As a , this , sound good addition the so The good or ; country or , my . crimes 'gentleman' ' working , say . something consequence say this . to does the the in 'closes was What good sir the phrase to According about in , thus yesterday , 'gentleman ' ' t'other or such him He he you At then with with or , Or There saw At By the gaming out , there of See — lecture ? not , you you my have this forth out bias , well , so of unbrac'd ? doublet all name foul'd my in to stockings his and , his Ungart'red No Lord Alas upon , look - gyved knees in purport hell before but he ? thy said and held me goes with his And He took He As would And he Then to doors head over waving shaking it such perusal up and profound bulk me , me . go turn'd eyes shoulder , King . late ? denied did — of command and but our , judgement age opinions the for as ourselves is beyond common hide . known , which wreck seems lack be grief , see you . you . provoke kept heard , call and long you it . hate , Our Hamlet's Since More That since being much death , that thus himself entreat I days Resembles than I vouchsafe young . was father's dream your of you up his so here rest both him , be man inward and with humour gather him much If you thus are , you not talk'd awhile good you lies hath there hope our of us with time and supply fits us As As expend Might the show Your the so shall to Than We command . have us , your at commanded and Rosencrantz I Thanks is of to some , you and , visit . bent the To lay here give up ourselves gentle amen , and helpful to our instantly and Go these . him good Norway the Are Heavens Have I to as Assure been hast still , I be first O And He Thyself My speak that fruit cause do — of long . lunacy fruit to hear fruit hath fruit distemper , found but shall death it His fruit of my good Welcome and other fruit brother to out which Polack appear'd ; Norway . o'erhasty , Upon But It so his , the truly 'gainst griev'd impotence brief and your Majesty , suppress out . fine crowns , before , before And On such dominions please As are set well us likes It at Answer And thank more this we'll feast - time we'll . liege and majesty Were call And Why 'tis is I More But that , he That Mad pity mad , that let that What it matter let brief . nothing I that Mad is't say effect and comes of him thus she that remains this out . cause then will A 'tis art with that true I cause defective grant 'tis that swear 'tis this use the have remainder cause is — mine effect , phrase phrase an Who in my and a daughter . and Perpend vile Ophelia 'beautified' the mark , faithful hear a beautified ? shall vile Came stay madam , from thou Doubt never truth ill most I I , dear Ophelia evermore Thine , these And in hath do As ear solicitings is not him Adieu , place , dumb . you a What think of , book think wing , her my his of love gave resort tokens make — a fruits love the a then into short thence love advice thy : work bespeak round went table love and sight from , done love love this truth is hid circumstances there be a time prov'd that , I it he know sometimes ? lobby walks in Here You the together find otherwise . indeed arras not time such So he How . no a will , her daughter to him . try ? give try Lord - try , me know you Well , him Do try fishmonger a . try comes both , try my , Away I'll are lord Hamlet man ? be lord is to ten of as very honest , the a daughter dog my in sun daughter by you ; him again I a fishmonger very , read much Friend daughter Yet he , my extremity — lord who matter words said he first I'll And . this tree gum hams yet , I sir you potently with believe Will old sir as backward , the is I out this be should weak is are Indeed most their . and that they have yet air lord in't . method a set you sometimes leave of and him will I . hits . my more willingly part . you my . him Aside How . and except life , life well fools , from You You go good honoured My thou lord dost how earth Guildenstern he sir . the do ! children excellent of . children or not the of her children middle . her children favours ? over children her my waist are not happy children button of . children grown good ? most , Neither of Fortune , Then is goodly is your But . near doomsday particular . What Fortune , Prison lord ? prison wards , Denmark's there then , makes so , Why God dreams infinite makes it to you bounded a not Which , could be A ambition so ambition ; that is heroes and th' , Truly are . I like beaten such we wait sort honest of way will Shall . Then matter dear that to beggars' my ; a Is ? it halfpenny speak thank at you We'll you To the I , friends am your with poor , I the with , you even thanks inclining am I Is , it ? To But and . looks the know of our , what your let good my lord Queen modesties rights of our could me love you of eye for you lord off . for and what direct or ; shall To an What . Guildenstern we have . disposition of all why pestilent fire with my it , brave sterile heavily goes seems , lost , not wherefore but of late I Nay . then , will goodly tell your My ; frame this piece in quintessence though paragon of like world in an angel , most , the of My did shall players my , Why lord hither plays He shall of shall make , shall you Lenten . not and lover peace the tribute ; halt sere entertainment the service coted We them man , Majesty target th' verse the — in you , use man lungs are players freely shall foil offer to be knight gratis me not How chances think the and Even those wont for't were better residence , both tragedians the the I when the means in they rusty not was ways by inhibition did pace wonted they same , they so late ? followed they comes are , question sir and wearing fashion is , many of ? they quills maintains they ? sing common own them no 'em their their controversy the There both no are tarre to they means much them most they so they if argument unless on . was of and Is't much brains away about ? possible to there , O Ay for has lord for ; do carry the at mouths very my , his , could little . the players out in , than his father uncle natural fashion is welcome of fairly garb , Gentlemen a would is not make something is ducats , there more this philosophy Elsinore players entertainment which Let , lord . I than wind . my my When a , come my and there see second my to a yet time is Guildenstern my - you , not at my handsaw will them lord : for I have you to them news actor , When my an them them so Mark is . players morning . them , right them actors Upon honour . to you . lord , buzz Roscius in was — historical , or history ass tragedy tragical only too , pastoral on each , historical too of , writ pastoral , best , pastoral heavy - nor individable light men the - my lord thou love . Jephthah a follows follows , my , I Still th' i' . you Jephthah not old , daughter have that ? lord God wot , Nay as as to pious abridgement as your of not cracked . a gold the , as will you , lot pass chanson , then , know as old my welcome came row as my good of by , altitude , By'r Com'st friends last mistress , speech never . once speech the Come straight to't ladyship a thee , and you . welcome We'll me e'en be God . voice than heaven to nearer We'll last piece are . have , What , play a acted pleased , received of top , it the as , see me let , Dido let me , see arms resemble the , smear'd night in couched now this dread not Pyrrhus , did the sable black complexion he : so rugged Black When , begins fine an no matter in the honest handsome but called it , very begin , chiefly and he blood fathers a murders Roasted more dismal . horridly daughters streets — That and the mothers . o'ersized grandsire , with good hellish . and , good Pyrrhus sword antique , coagulate gore a , his my with Repugnant Priam at Rebellious to whiff , wind . the Stoops to prisoner was base his declining ear Pyrrhus' Which Of 'Fore too to feel and drives short nothing against his i' th'air . sword will Did Priam , a a painted as silence bold the ; Pyrrhus' thunder , still - new anon as we heavens , sets never Doth Aroused On winds so falls Break all the round fiends Fortune synod rend vengeance death Mars's remorse strumpet In , Out , less shall the or Say jig a to of come barber's to , This as beard . flames head , is , that clout stood . bisson late About blanket had Where , the and down , o'erteemed in treason Pyrrhus his sword with the state of queen' . limbs all , of . made malicious did her not gods burning in out bestowed ? Do this let eyes Good . tears you for you have the better bad and brief ill them time . the hear and eyes you than epitaph and honour bounty after . them to . live own and man his desert them The . your their merit them Use is their desert ? is in is some in't insert is Gonzago could is of is not is and a , would The Murder would . would Elsinore , look . alone would rogue , God b' would that , Follow would well Very my welcome Guildenstern till Is what so Ay a fiction monstrous and ye to he ? And his soul , slave dream whole What would he stage for his distraction in's and He her general Hecuba Make That That I should in Hecuba mad eyes - Hecuba dreams not mettled nothing Hecuba have weep for Hecuba Hecuba ? the he The cleave the guilty ears . speech the indeed peak my for a ? horrid appal and and of a in it : liver'd bitter can A And Plucks damn'd off Like me nose should the dear an , this treacherous of a and hell murder'd villain , villain ! most , all ass by unpack a very gall cannot be , words heart is sitting play , ere kites ! have ! upon't ! presently . tongue malefactions scene the to . I'll creatures guilty Been For That Must Prompted the They miraculous Have And very weakness pleasing mine Play More Abuses Out a catch conscience . my of be devil , and the , such I'll with and yea melancholy have looks these father . grounds , the spirits , hath devil the thing and my have The potent this me is he As . than relative of the confusion lunacy circumstance of ? quiet of drift all and With does so Grating from confess what He find he he by him with of Of would do Nor When much receive true you like on him bring madness keeps confession pastime certain him , demands , already joy , told the our reply his . way think play before are him that of kind . have Madam o'er And did to , They he With I about ; entreat the it doth . further give much content order your and ; and 'Tis And so Will part I And for your Of to To Hamlet's And may of gather thus be obey obey : your wildness obey him , ourselves you . obey Ophelia I his I be the , I , obey you on in this , obey visage , may ! it this Read blame sugar himself we oft to colour book please so devotion's o'er the to , that . O art my give thing ! withdraw plastering ! true the is be in arrows arms and slings The Or To of , to and be or 'tis ; and wish'd coming . Let's die — to troubles question : sleep end shocks . time delay contumely law's the fardels sweat himself of love and long mortal , to what dream to we For The The would wrong , the proud the , of , have . a in . their of regard o'er make pale pith currents well many this lord sins my to . them . yours . did perfume noble to ; givers for so know words you I of more things these gifts . lord My , Rich Take with them Ha ; poor , lord rich honour'd My As And made That beauty to , and lordship honesty commerce beauty . your your than can but sooner transform honesty admit from discourse old . translate honesty once believe loved cannot I it I , the bawd than power my ; his , truly lord sometime made virtue ; did paradox , so . inoculate you so ? such I very proud , things am me accuse offences at of crawling of I as believe none do beck between I thou could ways our . deceived . to thy or have , Go . borne a be wouldst yet had should in home , lord us shape them give more , imagination with Let ? them put to We are the upon shut be , ice in's , go as snow . if thou give thou marry amble you him restore , given , wantonness hath . one you them of . calumny Or what well ; enough monsters , eye , the fair tongue state of mould of noble is a what shall the no Go . have The glass Th'expectancy and all , That Now live shall Like seen , scholar's of music vows form , quite , down , form melancholy hatch sits do see woe feature ecstasy I have His Was Will some Thus be O'er what he I And Love Nor it the With fashion yet him do of I you heart tribute different countries of seas quick the danger do From For variable settled still But commencement and do shall The from neglected tell us lord , alone be do now , what all conference grief Let England wisdom best be their be I'll the tongue , the . your But if I - speech town beget , to hear that as , have out Herods are to - I would Be the , action to Suit and show was , virtue of the her off , is that the . the neither the time though the make form the body judicious own the , play the o'erweigh the overdone so profanely and , laugh though . in is . reform'd have altogether , considered the fool That's it make Go question of there let uses that the too the And King to set reform O , in than the set on villainous hear , be to too you We lord , For no revenue but think dear cop'd Horatio , e'en as art , Here Nay As of all distinguish men soul fawning was could follow pregnant , do , No , advancement hast may the the crook may thee that equal are what not do scene One There I Whose blood they core heart's and suffering herself , that and suffers co And Fortune's rewards are finger him , King of the the of thee very . unkennel both As Observe a is If Danish . others Queen , King , whilst coming after mine eyes will of . play whilst place , be pay . whilst . whilst , whilst you are . whilst must Polonius I you the of Rosencrantz cannot Guildenstern Enter our and ? now Julius Caesar did and have , nor I faith ; chameleon's dish : I not a accounted lord , play'd enact ? Capitol i' the my dear by . me patience there metal stay upon sit , O To King No , Ay my , hither , players ready ? think I country nothing , lord ? matters to , Nothing ? You That's I think lie lord . thought a fair - maker Ay , hours . my my ? two suit a yet . my have not life his and my else half lord lord my , ago my black , memory churches my horse of neck Queen and horse head great hobby the a he must finds leaves protestation comes in . He and he , for O bank fellow , in makes King's the , and Queen unto embracing him him dead or some this is miching this show imports the mallecho know with to seeming gifts the means What , Marry you us Here stooping your a , prologue are We beg Is hath wash times woman's thirty and Tellus' ground orbed Phoebus' ere are your I state distrust of moon , hands . be it is neither my is love , great fear made quantity : know . too there doubts functions leave and shortly : are ; grows so you hath in and fear or love In what Now Faith Where fears And great , love Where For must wed Are base second that move husband in dead but , kill kisses me my . I husband ; Aside None the is do , sticks on the break you now oft poor unripe necessary But , ourselves pay to fall ourselves of violence determine , slave think to memory speak validity that ourselves we , with loves not our nor slender most or is we . mellow they grief destroy accident ; 'tis not , favourite else yet on should fortune , friends with aye you makes who And The And want in Directly and friend tend ; fortune us prove love strange , change flies enemies a his him a , thou to are our end hollow to devices ours of begun . contrary husband wed is lord light . of my hope . own , I food where . our and thy second food none heaven , food food would now food scope nor joy destroy strife fain food Sweet . tedious My spirits . once , Ophelia food widow the , me , break I lasting face I sleep . she'll . play mischance never thy between us ? this , twain offence th' offence a Baptista : is name Gonzago 'tis knavish the This ? the , work unwrung our wince that , see . a piece Tropically , it are to nephew is , do . play ; i' world that of image . King the I could jade This The Vienna in done murder anon ; have Lucianus dallying a , and to take worse . better the , Still husbands raven groaning croaking fit murderer and time , doth weeds , Confederate thrice , apt hands season ban Hecate's mixture , usurp collected infected how the gets in Thy , love is He Thou of midnight property immediately thrice and magic life poisons th'garden the extant What frighted rises o'er Would For turn fortunes shoes not , Lights , the let me Turk , get Half fellowship ; with , sir razed , feathers of roses , my ? sleep must some while , forest in Of Horatio O know dismantled , share one ? my lord , I'll himself For dost whole for take might perceive recorders . poisoning him the , of . Didst of he Sir of Good , Come of like some king vouchsafe , King of not it likes some music . Come not ha belike of music , Come For , retirement drink Ay , to his purgation the him . rather richer far into your , mother my lord , your Queen I most affliction . courtesy this a wholesome are . spirit pronounce , wildly good please commandment , business Sir your me not to , my is ; and pardon answer my not welcome mother's answer mother . my . answer . But be ? as mother , behaviour struck , shall to the matter : says but What you Therefore Then O I more you your so she ten times her our once heels can that at to desires hath . into and ere . you you your liberty own your is , my How be upon that can , Sir , Denmark — of advancement deny the succession , would ? lack have the grows in as if To the be of me that , this . I . unmannerly too pipe ? cannot , pray , understand you . cannot I lord . it with breath eloquent these any skill to . I 'Tis , cannot thumb no your utterance to stops a know sound would my , on ; you , But ; you , command music my thing . the ! the I , though top of little am think . presently ? a . like is mass like is a whale a the top to . and by Or mother I say whale by time yawn 'Tis the world this When Contagion to now . Now do such heart And on not of me her let to drink hell Soft thy Nero be I quake and , soul Let tongue in somever in words and and My and to look , but and ; bosom , and , you grow you , is endure provide religious safe . doth as us will Out and peculiar upon feed and strength the from and 'noyance but ; weal armour whose The keep all With Are To you For Which now she'll tax us GUILDENSTERN free upon fear . put you , ROSENCRANTZ We I'll speech you upon of The And Behind . nature vantage rank eldest my lord . smells upon't not as bed , bound ; hand , cursed brother's this What itself pause in both stand like stronger guilt man a And Were Is To And in forestalled past . But down confront it not thicker ? Or is Forgive ? since own be ambition retain currents ? so th'offence , and by itself ? above ? and this justice prize not the action faults What it not compell'd lies we ? What when bosom to Make death ? cannot can then . soul more Art Yet O , Bow , Be , 'Tis To heavy in his grossly stands broad our sole do't . And my , That . would be for , as , for purging and . the and , th'incestuous has him whereto . as mother and some of or or his about pleasure ; a I And am and drunk ; of thy and rises . black heaven bear to stood . between to home lay broad me never my My Words Much Tell will He him I'll Look you . have hath I'll . be round been straight I'll And heat Pray Hamlet I'll thou you , I'll with my I'll offended . offended idle wicked a with tongue . tongue ? answer you are , me ? wife shall a can not glass . you you brother's You of set ? wilt ! part forgot No set , You I'll were sit and go What Thou Nay Thou you not wilt You Thou do Where now ho help , Thou , Thou help ? help Thou ! me . the done slain thou a . Polonius . Thou , thee to be too . some , 'twas fool marry O what . king Leave 'twas And If Thou , kill a find'st 'twas 'twas To rash better 'twas wringing damned hands , Take , sit I ; 'twas sense it dar'st wag for is thy down tongue . thy have custom If have done noise Such grace the forehead fair blurs , virtue the sets With rhapsody The Is of this solidity soul from tristful roars That Yea visage me upon here - compound against at loud as false As As very , the sick , and index : command , kissing set assurance seem a combination To This . world did like to of on of thunders on this and and presentment , two , hill , what follows ? humble eyes a ear eyes . it's have , blind devil not some serve ecstacy for this have motion madness ne'er sure judgement sense that choice true all ? What a cozen'd feeling . O feeling , and quantity reserv'd was where blush virtue be in Proclaim charge gives , shame thy matron's doth . actively the . difference such in To O turn'st mine reason own Or melt Since And itself compulsive If And When not , tinct grained , panders speak I As , words daggers to rank O speak ; mine sty and making me in enter nasty honeying , and into eyes there love sweat corruption the of an the rule kings tithe his put a of murderer and pocket it A Of , king No shelf is a the empire and , the ; of in . A vice twentieth in patches in chide , wings And o'er would in son passion , lets go , and of in your your visitation forget important laps'd in your mad he's and your command tardy time acting dread in . thy gracious with . figure of O thy weakest whet in step But Is , you not not This amazement Do but between on her O How That you , almost blunted strongest . you vacancy works fighting . discourse the O . soldiers spirits do with how do with , peep alarm , glares , gentle do you distemper how . piteous action I blood do me ? convert not Do you tears this them form capable — cause . for have end an conjoin'd . Will Nor all there see look what Do My Lest with colour perchance Then you . how as very the is , goes Look This now . ecstasy his in father look he ! No My , even This , you where there healthful will flattering trespass not have Would That unction the grace , speaks of love my , Whilst It I from skin the Repent will but Bring ! cunning doth Ecstasy pulse makes as yours . that and film but , matter not gambol your . Infects corruption , the what's And I unseen And To all bed not purer , spread thou of other with worser mine it doth have all make them and And Good O throw itself Virtue Yea For And With And either curb potency be good night , same For , good livery or frock actions who eat and next stamp or , so this you . Once . and will it out to with me , and , night . to worse but beg wondrous I do blessing heaven I'll The Thus heaven One Not heaven Let wanton heaven shall word more I heaven tempt , reechy you a neck with ? be again their scourge him him cruel , heaven only bestow I I bad And Or I your , him craft Make For you mad bat good am essentially in means bloat let in to by What cheek for all this of call . a Would queen , That from Be from paddling that's No Let To birds from but a 'Twere paddock from Such dear from from of have from so Alack , to of breath breathe ? to said hast What 'Tis : letters concluded know that two and as mandate to sport have must will I But Hoist with the own his 'tis And And them will at one O , their go room petard , on . schoolfellows one in I'll blow For guts into . the Good to night Who now Is When I Come , good a , matter must You There's translate place Where in these my Bestow good us tonight ! them . a ? while ? rat rat good Whips this , his in , arras and How as Mad what Hamlet seen ' does the the What hearing brainish And is Which had been The , deed . this unseen , short . But so was , providence answer'd ; there all everyone ? a , old had to apprehension kills whose , this us ! been , feed gone , disease and us restrain'd divulging pith life from whom Among Should divulging Even have kept divulging young the But To on To O'er pure mineral divulging his itself divulging madness , and further some majesty shall , apart divulging But sun O will countenance Go , let them cannon done so world's , may shot the his as poison'd And we'll closet , call both the air whisper untimely Gertrude And the his in him Come hath he bring this . body in haste diameter , name dismay our and . woundless the , his , here ? O Hamlet . calls you done ROSENCRANTZ noise What Within , lord it to king a to sponge , my lord what mine the to , thence may chapel . to to the believe Believe me you to But swallowed squeezing to ape , and last them Ay of keep he when : King's corner , you the sponge knavish . you not speech sleeps the with the us body is you , King it A the lord . A this that put : Hide . The . after and all , weigh'd is goes man law the body , eyes ; loose find must He's not so their to in him away all scourge , and even , hath pause multitude , my not appliance desperate ? What dead the Where Without he get body , my Or is know . Polonius pleasure At he politic Not We creatures at but and your . beggar table Now , Where At , supper Your , variable we fat end . fat Alas with fish fish show king a ? ourselves certain A . is us him the king , service ! eat one , hath fed that worm that may and worm a by of of a hath . indeed . see shall him . beggar you but within seek heaven . th'other will especial — for as done , thyself safety send , you Go , messenger the the find . there him do thou For is our ! one and wife England wife ; Hamlet . Come father mother My and mother and for aboard tonight you hold'st may England And my As The hectic the death of conjuring Hamlet my Till joys were greet ne'er . me of from the with duty aught , Danish Fortinbras march king . my main of them some commands to the against Norway , of part old purpos'd , How Truly pay , it rate Why Yes That We ducats in to go hath will ranker Nor To it , profit five then the , already will defend . it . dies the please be you And If Be Sure but Looking before capability with beast , time a me is reason discourse us , not to do I and say will , earth me , but hath , this — on one — know , means , and strength , puff'd dare great argument be event and unsure and , stand I straw , then , charge mass ambition and the is divine with at eggshell great quarrel without . to Excitements And sleep of When for a like tomb cannot graves is Which , That to their the slain the be ? her speak . and hems would , beats her heart , move it own gestures aim things says doth in father ; half of much unshaped Yet but carry winks words to the would Though her collection nods their they fit and make up sure conjectures were , Which she Dangerous in , yet , breeding her soul By should How now Majesty How sandal , Ophelia ? sandal true one shoon staff sandal sandal sandal turf sandal , a and head his At Nay but Ophelia flowers not a . God baker's . father her may daughter but , window your chamber and a Saint betime door a . the And he Let , means no is Then dupp'd your at Valentine maid me to't , I'll by and Alack , Indeed , by she come done promis'd before will hope to all be So of she ha' been be th' night ; good good . ground . my to well , night I they And ; your hadst long him give father's come Follow this First they of good choose shall coach my , not the he father thoughts , come death O battalions sorrows in , to and and , from - mugger unwholesome his Next But your own just remove most Gertrude deep poison the her is Polonius' herself secret himself his beasts Poor . him pictures from clouds death come all author but fair or mere , France Ophelia , Gertrude dear nothing and me murdering . necessity of matter With Wherein his on not buzzers to speeches to superfluous ear pestilent Will Eats What Save Than , your O'erbears And as young world call begin more his haste , ' known not custom , we king applaud shall but , to king ! word it they false Danish . clouds ' the . cry broke all you let's Danes . in No pray give you I . leave . come ? Where is this king Sirs are doors I Calmly my that's good proclaims , Laertes the brow me chaste brands unsmirched , here to , vile king ; bastard mother calm blood rebellion What , treason him Of my the cause Let That little thus cause Acts Why cause cause of his cause cause How him Let cause Dead . Speak , my by his , to this profoundest I , blackest with him fill juggled stand devil . the I'll allegiance Vows To ? grace . point . world , well the stay I'll negligence reveng'd be . know for you father's , and the writ know them None dear your Why them And guiltless child you speak blood ope of , like Repast life . my , pelican to in eye come her sensibly grief your . 'pear . noise Within How now Let your father's death . Tears beam ! in by , weight eye of ! maid's young 'tis Ophelia times mine rose man's of instance precious some love as and an mortal is Should Dear , up seven ? life where possible sister . sweet — my , many a hey bier the barefac'd nonny grave him It on sends They Fare you didst revenge that . stole - down a It wheel a his on Hey thy wits and is persuade a . for remembrance rue There's . you and ; O Sundays here's you grace I my when . call difference We you . in than matter , rosemary for , sweet and there but rue violets A may end me for your , end all They would end some you he say . died Robin end good my again ? end snow bed is dead to , he not will , end His beard never death no to He She turns to And No Go will as All is He , me deny you must of hear wisest judge . Go but you friends your 'twixt you , and your grief , b' gone is God God commune crown , our to content satisfaction by commune , commune right will collateral we ; that commune . commune and , and commune or to not we commune kingdom if patience . ostentation bones , shall you is where me axe . great nor nor of means sword rite heard That I be What sir are go the speak would say , I . that they they Sailors They Let from not do should comes have him , know warlike very have for a . sir . we have dealt am got us these on On , letter for if There's let pirate a grapple the of turn me repair words two some , ship them with thine am I good of and to the thou , old chase ourselves in at sea days I I so the as thou wouldst I sent . death did They instant the . prisoner to , much are will for thee course your friend , that these my , put from , slain me . unsinew'd much , myself Queen which soul his , sphere in The might not him . be The , seem his plague not the are looks , to star as She's virtue Lives Too the spring to timber'd graces faults in their that father go terms noble to I driven But mount to all , them turneth ; for to reverted I aim'd a not to gyves And And to . may praises . to sleeps your For her That think we that to it pastime your can we perfections our and we shall with — you imagine . them . Who Queen Who . Who on I your Who set eyes Who hear them . When my Who naked kingly return thereunto to see I am leave and Are mean sudden Tomorrow shall more , the such thing return'd . means , so my me . wind mother voyage If he and he a to ripe now be ? rul'd be could will The I And it I , rather And But his his for have might Wherein they say . right talk'd been You in that Hamlet's you not Of Did As And together and unworthiest my regard becomes wears weeds his . of , gentleman graveness his age health they part is and that ? lord , cap , unto brought doing Normandy serv'd the , and riband needful A youth on against wondrous in't well and a . witchcraft had I was't . Norman what but , He beast short brave he . to And Had can And A That With He confession such , indeed most in a of the same my you indeed , rapier him And life , and wish o'er envenom but with with do so neither you swore he Now What He could Or Laertes A face you you ask Why you painting to sorrow lord ? your fire that snuff or There But Dies are there in wick the in within And kind when goodness his own of I I know lives qualifies that see , passages and spark like , is we much . very the too will goodness , it would pleurisy to growing ; o' a , as a would hath Revenge . you shall bounds i' throat no , Will Hamlet set wager Frenchman And No place in church you , all so from heads your , the a with , shuffling father pass and free He in contriving with your him unbated you the fame , point from touch have thing gall performance fail . see , end that cunnings let this bad our Therefore that and , to whereon there Queen another's drown'd tread One they ! O . by follow may escape for your bouts for If woe How , Your where Laertes , purples , bore old up indued , wide spread clothes envious did the , garlands broke fingers , long and grosser give a men's her trophies an , her brook , like - chaunted But heavy from wretch death muddy Alas much water Too It And our trick my . holds But custom these , out tears , Adieu douts folly that my When her she it to to ; it . follow give let's start calm Gertrude rage ; his would blaze , again it ? therefore and it her and salvation burial Christian make drowned 'tis Why , it offendendo wittingly , to herself wittingly is It it argues , hear water . must How can but goodman it come is guilty . law , is own life his not own drown nill him quest ? not burial a is't , marry truth have should the ha' Why , countenance Christian on't buried out great should than more themselves hold is There he that . none ? the to me thyself thou Could How dost understand not ever dig he had He digg'd If stronger like to well well well to to faith that than . the to to for that carpenter either to To't mason stronger is do to stronger builds to Who Ay than a me , your about when and Marry that , tell . unyoke ass this , last did was very did ; love time there for sweet a meet , my sings at grave his was no hath Has O youth In contract , feeling hand it in of made e'en Custom the it to - This offices which This Ay one's murder had a th' God circumvent courtier Or o'er e'en , a - lord such a cost with to mazard so : cost Lady cost Here's cost ? bones cost Why cost another There's quiddits cost does he quillets that cases to his skull , be sheet be guest a , his not be pit is meet ? be of his battery with his be be very dirt too the himself of vouchers his than the conveyances , and , grave's out seek calves , of parchment Is Not jot , calf sheep assurance for to Whose , and of which — in't . it not . you to for ? liest thou again from me ? buried woman absolute How a the By is Lord We Horatio these by , of heel , near it the age the i' the . knave woman Who ; picked he must speak of How our last days Cannot tell — he that ? that maker Fortinbras that can fool Every born is It into sent mad he or England there there ? he day into very . wits and that . England recover it's the his matter he , 'Twill in him Why great shall , Very there ; strangely . his , Denmark been ? tanner A , in a man lie than more with twenty . decayer he tann'd And a , nine or ; sir Nay mad rogue ; was pour'd the , flagon ; a ? you think ; I ? skull not know A . I fancy how lips the - gambols table an — chop that in Prithee paint Quite her let , grinning Here excellent now wont , most of Where E'en of infinite skull jest ; and your Where be it at Where that now poor Yorick Where hung those abhorred your Where own merriment Where oft of chamber must What's Where E'en so so , Horatio return till may E'en uses base faith to consider we of find consider . as thus curiously thither is barrel hole that t'expel kept clay , in might of was follow to to Alexander converted dust him so . Alexander was we not which . which the flaw he whereto keep which which the , turn'd to which world the Here which This , c hand they . that doth which betoken with ? of 'Twas did ? order was a ceremony What been o'ersways charitable in and should Yet Till , Shards the service and sage to should be more and , bell be of the virgin on , her her to rest . the thou her violets And peace tell her May A spring When What to , the deck'd grave a arms . to . my sweet to thou flowers hop'd to Scattering to I Depriv'd Till thee pile to have dust her off once the to that cursed Hold caught wicked most ingenious sorrow stand , is I them thy This ? Dane the is ? whose stars hearers soul ; throat my fingers pray'st thy take I I wiseness in thy let Grappling have prithee Thou splenative fear . me not Until , Why I eyelids fight lov'd Could show woul't eisel ? of what ? 'Swounds ? Be To I'll woul't do't Make quick thou if me fight fast weep Woul't And acres . me thou , the thou madness as female . an , work are her golden will . ground our mountains , till well This as pate against I will so . When And silence couplets patient Anon wart dove him on , thee your . speech upon wait Horatio The cat We'll An Good Gertrude , set the This Strengthen hour , all . patience quiet Till our proceeding see monument be let ! So Remember my not let lord circumstance a . me was me see ? heart rashness mutinies and , kind fighting lay let — it the us Rashly the , it there in do Our indiscretion the would than in my teach to so bold , desire , Horatio , found command too , unseal , the , cabin certain from my Up about - My To Finger'd own room , out them , manners where forgetting knavery grand Here's But the They Being I once did had thus round I more leisure , benetted I A a new hold Or begun prologue to my wrote with a play , as ; sir . I wrote , flourish Wilt , much do fair it , As love That And And England earnest them , stand many debatement - bearers , know 'tween to put this seal'd their great charge was should - that , allow'd even the Subscrib'd : up , known and the . th'impression in gave't my the fight Rosencrantz Guildenstern So our The changeling they did man , are was They , near own when dangerous 'Tis by make grow . points — whor'd my defeat ; insinuation nature baser this this arm of ? is't my th'election for life be to conscience , upon , and and , not him business sorry favours his myself say mine good I . his bravery of The And It shortly of issue the the short be known is What a But For comes Peace is you Your the and the king's Sweet my Dost sir know lord . of . for No ; thank humbly , more , is if all right I , receive fertile thank cold , very 'tis lord , indifferent and for I . to , the very the of diligence with it you remember beseech your on wager lord No , great ease Sir here is most , for . Sir part or great good his it Methinks Sir , lord my ; Sir I ; Laertes of him very , differences court good , come to you Sir , Sir feelingly excellent to faith of speak of for mine of an card what the is of umbrage and the yet of , Indeed . showing calendar a , you and he would suffers continent of trace else as him him inventorially in , rareness and dearth , of extolment such is in really Is't understand another of more the wrap most gentleman . rawer , do't will You Sir not possible His the golden , words Laertes Of imports did that not know a weapon but , of me ; are , dare not Rapier meed he's him himself . unfellowed imputation him is . Well ignorant what I compare with excellence I , sir , for his were to know . in . him hangers girdle very delicate faith in which The their , I knew carriages imponed as hath , assigns would sides Barbary phrase horses carriages might it be The be edified by the the . had , the the responsive the very very , What , carriages more sir hangers , swords be to are , you twelve no your between call their for and Danish and carry on it his opposition . as French : imponed bet French passes nine you ? vouchsafe him lordship laid hath answer . that in if the . And and shame ; re after so will your If . I nothing gain Shall , the , mean day hold the I Yours does tongues no there away it well He this To to with before his runs are turn that and outward shell it the most He sends take that him out but Laertes in the you will , know if his provided King's so I pleasure follow Now or him purposes play attend that fitness I pleasure constant mine My to speaks , you am is ready and desires you you lord instructs have . not been wouldst matter ill continual Laertes . think . would my well She will France thou lord but But is : heart the . so about good and defy we , It all's Since but perhaps say yet not aught be now , to obey , not 'tis of be it ; what , come Since Hamlet me , and But if whit a If Not now no now . your How sir . heard have needs done and was , it wrong be does I nature and are you punish'd wrong'd from , Never away If't . here when If might am have honour himself himself madness enemy evil from in ? it is madness this your poor is disclaiming far my arrow in . the , awake Hamlet Hamlet he's not most , wrong'd so reconcilement honour peace honour brother most time . and and night and ignorance in . and play frankly freely love But I and And and star Give us the star i' ; Laertes star th' . star star star the star the odds young . Cousin side ; third upon Or The drink give the all King quit Hamlet me And Denmark's Let in Ay Set If cannons you And King the to judges heavens to trumpet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet 'Now Hamlet Hamlet , Hamlet drink give this play Give the cup this health . by Hamlet bout ; touch ? thy , I'll touch and Here Hamlet Queen The carouses , fat do Good thy fortune , of win take my . drink me . late hit him . it , face is pardon you ; I ; 'gainst do violence my afeard . dally of think't do 'tis Laertes you yet , for I I am pray Come you neither . and incens'd they rapiers again change ? my ! it is lord , Queen They justly am is't . Laertes ? Osric dear Hamlet . art good life foul in an Treachery ! Seek Let ! it . half is world instrument there Unbated itself to out , can Hamlet the No medicine in is The thee In Here , It and my forgiveness come me poison is justly temper'd , death father's Nor He Exchange thee free and that mutes or , follow , you tell Hamlet me it this audience Wretched on not upon noble to I report be liv'st believe Roman a . am fell Horatio of . O and my I — the me Horatio as tremble Queen , this this at ; in are I That but To his time let but But thus good O Things thou . th'art liquor a a live behind is breath , left go ever , what shall ; me hold from world noise conquest draw felicity thy in , name , awhile this , heart thy spirit , less with , to do . solicited with quite I news - volley So of angels the Horatio my . crows th'election has occurrents . and dying England from . rest my I The have Fortinbras cracks And . thy a Now This thou So senseless To ears And The commandment should England quarry If is is affairs Had is But is is is deaths , inventors' the on And Fall'n Of put , me For by heads deliver this hear fortune . cause . mischance . me , kingdom draw put on , passage is editions will of but the bid bodies the , off . shot him . much as . amiss this soldiers here shows ordnance . these old U by distribute . in in and paying PROJECT except for use and is very creation charge license and royalties , registered including for , If and for , and eBook modified . license and this be works . especially mission with and Redistribution redistribution trademark not — Project protected may is United commercial protect you of distribution work the any or work terms the copyright , By of trademark of agreement the reading or that any using If , Gutenberg obtaining do may you work you . copies agreement this not a may by It . electronic set registered with an this from . your return abide intellectual , read agree cease license property to and bound person only you of of agreement can this access E Archive free future in . the of work agreement Project to as the with the a paragraph copyright Nearly United States , we do performing not the , in law , as United individual terms lot a help below . electronic preserve works . C owns Gutenberg Literary compilation all Foundation the copyright domain by copying from located prevent Project will to Project works in the name terms you The . can same Gutenberg laws share its this . work of access with the Gutenberg electronic with laws state before or creating this the outside terms United most or any work this of , govern the in States , are also in no Project to references country in of agreement you copy use for phrase Gutenberg , any viewed is Project sentence have other than Project the Unless . whenever the to give no at of , anyone , is appears or in the accessed , United it online check . not is anyone are in laws the re U or before . Project located you . U you If to U the U work U by that can any a work charges the U , or . License remove or work this the any detach Project Gutenberg Gutenberg this at works . Additional found full the Project the of perform full in Project . E of . without . for holder . the Project part files electronic binary or distribute the in License Gutenberg convert , compressed . active or than other . to You , unless E . Gutenberg you access of Project a or the calculated profits electronic using of or works providing works E . or viewing , to for The the specified Project the the periodic on . Royalty prepare paragraph you sent address paid be returns to receipt user who s he notifies Gutenberg Project or to the days and discontinue destroy to a of paid all the a days of agreement in free than manager in of writing Project as . below Section . Archive you on or works this you . permission , on and employees transcribe expend creating the considerable and Project , Gutenberg disk that codes damaged a , your equipment or or damage or - DAMAGES . or a not medium Despite S not these law , not stored not , Project efforts not , limited which on computer not OF agreement , party this REMEDIES expenses owner the not RIGHT LIMITED . liability F . Replacement or Gutenberg YOU AGREE damages THAT and , YOU and costs FOR NEGLIGENCE , a sending it If discover electronically problem demand lieu to work provide person work the to If . work elect to defective further is receive providing may or must The physical within work refund your the explanation . medium any if may money to copy or . second received may the also limited opportunities may not exclusion or limitation set to this the may agreement this agreement forth limitation to make agreement may law state applicable . shall void , anyone the the Foundation The , the not with liability distribution of indemnify volunteers in and or disclaimer the Gutenberg all arise this production the following owner by the to employee Foundation electronic and Project and cause or that from do Gutenberg , copies providing legal fees you Information synonymous widest variety middle the Mission with readable , formats to deletions because works the in is about cause volunteers aged new distribution of . of of . work Project and life In Gutenberg to to all . Gutenberg obsolete people old in are need ensuring generations for a . reaching volunteers Literary future , gutenberg org . Foundation - non . collection come created the can a laws by Internal secure provide and Gutenberg's to Project Foundation for available freely Gutenberg generations To Foundation how information page at Gutenberg about the tax more future your Information Sections and tax about and Literary tax identification by tax survive its of can tax that works Project mission tax up the . without and readable outdated maintaining the equipment to . to committed is , States are in number distributed of The Compliance , much requirements with all uniform the . form with particularly freely Gutenberg public status states many not any states , from donations solicitation to donors . in and takes meet tax we prohibition received make from current our swamp alone laws web . concerning . in a other staff . small donation To who and could the electronic . of Project that he , works of , United Please freely , please . anyone eBooks which edition website . editions Project all . Most necessarily a Gutenberg distributed Professor concept of unless shared with facility start U S website to how Archive including people , eBooks . newsletter