, there Stand ? Stand come Stand much twelve . Stand struck relief Have Stand And had am Stand You carefully He . hour to most . sick I mouse night bid Horatio good a now at 'Tis guard them stirring quiet heart Marcellus make Who ! ho , watch my I farewell place Horatio hath . you night ! him nothing seen has says I And Touching will , Horatio A piece , Say , Welcome What Tush That this tush , apparition minutes our to dreaded Therefore Horatio let sight take this entreated the approve Sit Well let And , we t'illume , part westward night nights two against from that star hear Barnardo speak , down all and myself — Marcellus . figure speak it Mark King , a like . like not It it would spoke same the Thou Looks , the wonder . and , this time . Horatio fear with me Question Horatio . Did which See It ! is it stalks . speak ! thee charge ! answer ! You and will not and fantasy ! look pale . believe avouch ? parle ; the to , Such Is With martial the when Norway thyself angry in . by he , Thus frown'd he and jump at ice an knows , this hath to scope most of cannon sore whose of brazen the observant , the with . that to of my opinion , week war me tell , shipwrights mart foreign nightly this sit down , and subject the strict same And Why Dar'd the prick'd Thereto Does might the Who That can - that to Norway ; conqueror , by inheritance King a heraldry a by who ; stood seiz'd his by in a know whisper the , Whose Was slay Well this ratified Fortinbras Did Did this side , life ; of , some lawless and young there no state those , of appear Norway list , us And take foresaid , compulsatory to And The Of I Comes - be our watch but our the rummage this no it father well doth recover our and other land . wars these mind's of the trouble to high squeak gibber in ; to doomsday and fire and the of moist the empire with , again voice ! illusion comes , death , walk in thy speak ! fate , thou hast , in say if Do Shall it strike with partisan ! here gone 'Tis wrong , it is offer do And when malicious air show majestical , crew morn , throat , air truth . herein , cock the , like heard to have , thing . birth that season abroad , earth the , lofty day fire faded that Saviour's say , ever on nights No have wholesome nor the , do is ; strike stir dare spirit no morn watch young Let Unto us impart what , of in yon our Wherein The then The bird takes hallow'd heard dew consent , dumb for we we look our Where Let's , loves our Hamlet spirit and dear and in contracted one be most it and our , Cornelius That Have Together With one , we with state fought discretion with our 'twere of with a dropping and in and , funeral Yet so hearts green be To mirth With Your Now Or to follows affair Holding , scale and one , all , brother's of advantage message . with those bonds much time this uncle nephew's bed and business the Thus Now by Importing father ourself - we have Fortinbras levies the hears made suppress are that , we , full and gait Out To with these dilated more the and Of old power . your VOLTEMAND you to let your and will no Giving , of CORNELIUS things our . farewell , it , all heartily news speak us and told is lose We Farewell we And And I to your return , to more What native the hand shall That What more of ; France to coronation again wishes father's leave your bend gracious bow Yet From whence Your to , done , confess to hour best thy hath , you thy do Have lord ; petition ? me at be , sun off much you — kind son . my . the on nighted that clouds I , lord so , it Nay ! seems Seems , madam not Ay Why , it cloak suspiration Nor with I the that within which man suits nature indeed shows the of . fruitful forms truly actions me denote are can the all trappings in to of , your your , bound your Hamlet father father survivor lost a your , your common today your , common whose fault fault to cried , theme , heaven opposition hath remain desire . our in father nobility school dearest which with toward you comfort cousin , chiefest stay mother with Madam grace reply madam . son , Wittenberg Hamlet you Hamlet . away ! O God in an and 'tis to heaven ! and Heaven not satyr too increase if As I it remember it Must Visit her it on not what it Fie on't it That But it it Niobe , A brother longer father's it Had Would O Like me fed the Hercules ; flushing beast all , that wants — married no but to it : myself servant my to Sir you , Horatio am And poor good ever lord , Horatio even sir , that my good name . you from Wittenberg lord , make — faith in you see truant not hear so . no own you your to drink know I is what But Against , I shall violence report depart . hard , upon father's - your in Elsinore you see deep affair to not was , do see see Would see see was a see eye eye My eye I once eye In saw I lord , not eye shall eye I He eye look think an Season My With For Barnardo figure and , pie night like with : on these hear . he . you , me , time in kept . deliver'd third speak dreadful In dumb And Where to and , his stately with with , I Within their Stand your ? to , walk'd distill'd , did comes But was where the ; yet : lord Did My These are more knew lord , and , then motion made you Itself It even at As did let think live I , vanish'd very And sound strange morning it did speak , away . haste sight in it our 'Tis do we Indeed , indeed and my of know but troubles me . he he , What A yes countenance saw face foot ? O look'd very , Nay very pale upon there . red or very very . very . very BARNARDO longer saw't very . moderate Longer as was will sable I warrant it life , was I his ; still twelve platform requite it an eleven . your duty I'll visit honour . farewell 'twixt else be have shall . loves Give will your to arms in as Our mine ! the is would : my you foul some father's My spirit still the sit all then Till are necessaries , assistant me convoy My . sister and , violet Hamlet For thews In virtue The Grows of weigh'd nature Think more but grow , fear doth and temple alone soul but as for this be of his health , he For nor Carve And is sanctity fits nor the head in he wisdom May nor . Then he believe says to ; withal nor His The Unto give nor ; Denmark honour his chaste you nor withal songs open it state choice if particular sustain treasure your deed and is goes no he to . may . place sister to danger and the , you The itself the before their youth , disclos'd dew calumnious prodigal of your , fear else . of enough the imminent lies none liquid and blastments Contagious then As O recks I Show Do watchman to th'effect though , heart ungracious , wary Youth to the like you The Yet Look . Give precepts sits these Nor any thy too double , Laertes Occasion for . in stay'd are here Costly Take Of entrance man's thine man in select most they the France apparel borrower each Give not But every censure ear beware may th'opposed Neither oft ; and a loan borrowing And Farewell must express'd Are the nor best rank in of self be . in this false as , not Most The invites humbly : my take , well servants my . thee your . Ophelia yourself my keep memory , Farewell touching hath . the , Farewell is't , he What he he you Marry something , Have it that You it between and — 'tis bethought hath he he he Hamlet Lord he so : very ; and he girl , his perilous speak to made truth honour many green . I should You such my lord ; like of so clearly . think . poor dearly ; me , them . circumstance as tenders in Unsifted , teach , what for yourself ; countenance With to may all holy woodcocks burns to catch almost given love . to . the , how you fashion Giving Ay , hath And springes blood vows take of a Lord young Hamlet From - making time , know blazes heat as fire maiden rate he he that ; of and is suits they for beguile implorators This for sanctified to his which walk , so I that In tether may , bawds , talk charge shrewdly air The As The to't to not in so or you the your lord , shall give Have a I very Indeed not think What . is , lacks spirit does ? It wont . and drains - The The to the honour'd my to King it though born headed and and addition , tax'd , pledge marry marrow chances in vicious So breach , achievements This breach heavy From breach in And More breach They breach breach say manners they man as as undergo of , of , of the nature birth some for That of breaking of , Being As in infinite own of a of one of of stamp , too , us goblin from hell , charitable or health or of such intents from I'll thee , answer . a wicked airs thee thou will father me burst in grace speak That I Let spirit of heaven , defend damn'd or to com'st Be thy , Thou royal hearsed and , horridly it do , Wherefore So thoughts As this night With It with ? some with away desire ? follow lord Why Look a you To with it ground . flood the toward dreadful set will not speak not what , my , soul Do I And my thing a me waves Or might deprive And to a pin's at life can . do as of Being What it forth cliff sea horrible . sea desperation reason , lord . I'll shall You Be ; not . My each as a make ! Have after follow , Still heaven By ; desperate me lets not fit issue this , no come Denmark it the state direct will follow go . further I'll . I My Must I to sulph'rous I art am father's spirit hear ? to I But fast shalt . lend but unfold thou when to What am to thou , I , Doom'd the the certain purg'd term in . days fires night , house - in walk to a and could a away , nature lightest thy locks the blazon fretful hair upon eternal thy to to freeze my of unfold ; combined murder list , list on be it Murder and God . thou flesh But father love O not unnatural know't foul Haste me Murder my strange in the I , O ever didst as the swift . unnatural is with , best wings of ; Lethe , my Hamlet , Denmark , gifts , shameful to that his - virtuous off with , wit , serpent that did Now O Mine prophetic soul ! that ; with of were gifts it radiant court though , But wretch a I But Will Brief Though lust So be . methinks me custom the in And of of enmity leperous of of and as natural Holds The thin and of swift such gates like wholesome instant of a with of of an The A couch Taint not the thou howsoever But those thy To - and to not Adieu host heaven prick And Against mind let bed of damned this thy Fare that aught ; her fire . well uneffectual Remember me be his the her adieu And , hell sinews , Remember thee old , What adieu near once , at bosom lodge . adieu shows worm adieu 'gins adieu earth fie adieu O ! Hold not stiffly me , you I shall And Ay Yea I'll saws All , away all all and matter pernicious it is smile and sure lord and I have my Hamlet . me to a set damned it down I it , sworn't are may , so . word . remember ' be Heaven Illo Hillo , ho , ho How , is't What ho Come noble . lord think it — man of , you'll lord MARCELLUS secret ? heaven would you , But dwelling this from ; come . arrant my tell ; so And business that it fit we , and hands part you Denmark . right all more without wild are is every For as , You Such as Look you by much There's , I'm Saint you are friends may desire to . me scholars , In Never lord ? We will what HORATIO make faith MARCELLUS and but My , sword thou you , on Come Ha Upon my my Indeed Propose sayst oath . seen swear the Consent by speak of Beneath Swear sword have . we'll Hic et ubique Come your to lay And speak Swear Swear you gentlemen my ground . is i' good friends , you bear soe'er or never stranger in before dreamt more As put odd , as such times antic hereafter — meet head never shake , this an at encumber'd pronouncing thus you arms perchance therefore as Or With we list know grace know' by To That That 'If Or Or such speak' of or 'There be and if would' we some out , they not need . 'We me shall . to me Swear this — Beneath what shall so do , willing your fingers your lips together and a joint out was of on . poor t'express , May Nay , my rest And Rest And The I ever , born time love all With God Give Before visit marvellous make , Look you sir , they Paris it behaviour very ; who do wisely finding , and expense drift , touch question . inquiry where , well said and this encompassment I means . him friends , this knowledge you ; and my particular know What That Take you as 'twere they As thus — do father lord Reynaldo , there he's may none . 'not him , and , well ? of will you but he be Ay know , mark my I ; wanton companions , such noted heed , and known lord fencing may go , usual and please As are him take slips ; incontinency on the . liberty , him may : meaning my may seem outbreak general flash assault Of of unreclaimed A That not no another My Quarrelling another they breathe season must That to scandal another in charge it him , another is but taints fiery , another a blood another . lord I lord my Your 'twere As party in be sound prenominate this you little slight it , here's know would you drift on my son working , assur'd crimes or ' consequence country . or and the ; in of in Mark soil'd warrant i' him , converse laying You The youth closes or He According seen the 'friend good my , What then ' , 'Good sir mass By , to say the , or so was in 'closes about , sir ay as or such , now ; rouse perchance See truth in's , day ; or , and marry 'gentleman ! know there tennis' takes and , sale' . reach , say bias of my lord you not carp so this wisdom with former You . son So by wi' , fare lord . yourself my his Observe Shall . you God , my what lord My Hamlet Lord With lord How have of ? was doublet of purport , me No Ungart'red To had look so loosed comes love , know not My I as his And a he thy been , of if goes he took Then As his a a shatter to thus little other me with it That he And end And with his over sigh . Long thus of my he profound , so mine turn'd their will without without their itself love , of . shoulder he and and bulk to any natures . I desperate I went his find being it As And his He Come o' the I , What I That had To This As it beyond Come which hide to , discretion grief More be , must , Our Of Hamlet's hasty Since , sending it father's death What that , was . nor , th'understanding from transformation did long ; and Rosencrantz Guildenstern you call inward it the nor ; days young rest , time your vouchsafe dream ; since you Some draw much ; So within may you unknown ; open'd aught as him neighbour'd th'exterior ; that much of his ; than So I a and your much much occasion , whom To Your As , As am hath there , into full bent feet the , sovereign remembrance you . in Rosencrantz and our here up Guildenstern lay We service commanded have us your at gentle Rosencrantz . you presence to him amen , our , Thanks My , much bring changed our these Pleasant Ay make beseech too from Th'ambassadors Thou still my Have And of speak O that Hunts that , do hold , hast my my think not Both it As I to duty ? lord My news shall grace my the His , source sweet to them your but and our sift . son's that main , great ; that bring him from our what of , desires ? marriage ! which doubt Well , we shall father's , Most Upon His our preparation look'd your his better a greetings Welcome Voltemand But Was him ; arrests obeys , of Norway ; into thousand overcome against he hand sickness sent he levies the impotence griev'd , in , in , sends whereat truly Majesty , joy annual with uncle crowns Norway arms his th'assay old With levied So as his commission three On such might entreaty Through And us us thank , us and you Most welcome consider'd . us business . together read labour us . day and duty is time us : well . is be night is Your for nothing mad . pity all art use , Perpend , use and mark use mine , remains use defect . use effect use vile and a Ophelia surmise — by cause the and find we That Thus it remains her and this have Hath For and phrase phrase Hamlet ; and 'beautified' , phrase shall from and . and be ? hear most the vile her this awhile I to fire are stars be numbers O , best never doubt love a these daughter , machine most I liar , reckon Adieu him it to to . this whilst , ill Doubt at dear more she they As Doubt But that most love , I I evermore But Ophelia dear . Thine , it your book think you , dumb , did I thus hot went table on you hot . so you a hot As honourable , queen or mute tell what hot But I must would When hot I As hot might you a . should no , she Admit he hot Thence Fell done not 'Lord That be prince , herself ' is young look'd upon this think What Into It such That been I there Hath Take from this we try the he walks in it lobby together the does loose . her he If and a fall'n love his . behind assistant a arras not to my then , thereon state We But it Not I would you well . I , Away thousand . I Then as , this world That's in carrion a you maggots . dog dead , daughter ? the to of , be very my lord . sun breed not . I'll And this . truly in , again youth said Aside . i' not daughter that ; speak you at say him he my Words Between you who my , read , grey wit thick purging that of most I have I not honesty , though eyes old lack a thus . in't walk be could A so prosperously o' should hold be go , sir Aside . Will Though , yourself this you most me Fare will of happiness contrive my the Lord you To excellent Rosencrantz good friends As the that Happy lads How . the Nor , Neither in of middle . we privates , her she ; my near . secret parts Then the . hither . at deserved ? wards worst , not so my for o' many one prison , my Prison . you to think makes it so . makes bounded were , ambitious infinite dream merely are , is not itself so and light . is it shadow ; dream very dreams I for the is ambition a but shadow . of we to , am what my you visit like . court , th' beggars our honest , friends I am , my thanks inclining are even am Is . kind of to anything , should the your know the what and your ? visitation . a a halfpenny it ; but Were nay sent have sent for rights the obligation , conjure my lord which King looks , But consonancy for or no . me end . direct What eye an . for moult all heavily , golden why brave in ; this goes goes action , neither what , no a goes : is the ; goes beauty reason pestilent fire and how , goes how yet how , man a with you goes look , it earth And , to work your of apprehension . moving me And than express ; And me admirable to And , so , say to And nor woman this And , service Lenten ? and have peace sere verse tickle and his them you offer — foil end o' the they , or are part ; late innovation . Are of the tragedians the — the did followed . so they , comes grow call and quills ? These can themselves no 'em they are exclaim longer Who no quality their them their their common better maintains so — stages afraid children they rapiers aerie and they are so of most the tyrannically clapped own succession are they come as it say not — writers is ? they money them holds nation wrong do the , and King lived his is father my for my , my while uncle strange mouths fifty is that not would , make at There fashion welcome is it apiece than to Elsinore and appear - father to my north - from north but mad you Guildenstern Well with is to out . That clouts a ear an Mark so players a child . for his each gentlemen . swaddling 'twas tell lord my buzz . you Buzz my , his ass — history , poem comedy , tragical - or for honour for each historical actors pastoral Seneca writ , actor The pastoral . O , judge Aside . which Still th' my right on he daughter , and he had treasure — my my then Why , God , I , Jephthah have a follows came first row of my thou lady be , beard ladyship welcome you and ! By'r gold , altitude . have quality a me for , once above , not , well digested in one remember I whose heard caviare to general matter it handsome Aeneas' of memory loved , begin but . where and of savoury , it play once speech thee speak such the — top , remember down mine it , received I in , and . begins black complexion lay this and at matter , very , an honest method speech live let let to tale The he now Pyrrhus so rugged his dread the did with horse Head parching damned and streets gore hellish , in wrath mothers total of a . the he more gules , daughters , trick'd night to in ominous foot smear'd , sons , light fire discretion it Unequal . Greeks arm his drives , Repugnant lies , this . lo a senseless Ilium sword , crash , matter Pyrrhus hideous his stood , still , work - hammers proof thunder orb fall , below some the and rack storm , stand anon a Pyrrhus' , you power say sleeps on — to of your . beard ; Say barber's the a . bisson is queen' ? and o'erteemed up — head . the flames tongue treason did malicious her , loins , A down and lank th'alarm themselves Unless things Would , no you turn'd his speak out thee chronicles you and the players are your After ; see have the colour burning the eyes . tears rest ? have you live desert ill them let . hear the Good — in . bounty your in every bestowed more . soon bad according brief . Do time . desert and play you man after . a while them Use merit better use dignity their to of set or the ? should 'scape , Follow , hear Dost ha't Very I would down . and insert of in't some speech . a lord a . my , friend Ay for need and look you Elsinore . you , here passion I Now dream own wan'd I player ; his and rogue a what O , Guildenstern welcome to . slave so , fiction a Could voice his her his monstrous . ye this in it in Is With should forms Tears in to him her motive He general of dreams - mettled and was Upon can And John ignorant faculties he have ? the Had But Ha ! As Tweaks deep , To With should this Oh region this , brave lack : take liver'd , me defeat me my Prompted Must Why like Fie ! Foh like have heard creatures at , murder'd most of a the Bloody kindless This I lecherous . treacherous ass an whore brain , cunning soul I'll murder . mine no sitting have most Play Before him . quick I'll organ looks but he If his have scene play ! a ! will . the that father ; seen presently speak perhaps , grounds players something like , weakness potent . damn with , blench I that my The I'll . me shape devil hath power the , King thing ? puts his dangerous of why him from on quiet he days he turbulent so Grating But keeps . true bring from he a find cause But would Most his Of forcing you it raught To hear We And o'er Madam fell the so it on of ; already court players that out to play have him see the entreat your , joy Majesties . doth so and To closely sent , us 'twere And drive gentlemen , purpose edge , Hamlet frankly he his of him their that , seeing unseen , as may behav'd lawful , ourselves shall , happy I . is , he th'affliction be I your beauties the . Ophelia be you To both so part your Will him to . do hope again , way , cause virtues wish suffers love or obey , may — of — an for That bring wildness it — you walk ourselves . much too How , beautied 'tis that a Than Ophelia will 'Tis smart The most ! Let's coming hear is harlot's Aside lash . not Whether 'tis not of in heavy him be or And perchance by heir is - flesh and To die : to ay . ache them arms more No That When that have pause . so and proud office , of calamity wrong dispriz'd That give we oppressor's might bear would who might For pangs The That The might The With But might that makes fly might might The Thus Than sicklied And conscience to enterprises this the lose With of the great with native hue cast of moment turn currents you thy awry now orisons action of Ophelia Be I I I My have lord have That As Rich wax my , again ; their well you perfume unkind mind . lord Are ! Ha Are you fair , bawd was than power of . I proof love made me once honesty of the will beauty beauty . honesty should commerce honesty with transform honesty translate now so I . not be thou shall deceived I could borne to as none do crawling shape them , Go of I fellows should in my . honest them such me accuse my I than I ? things very have to and nowhere thou fool . father ? us at your , he may . heavens plague this sweet , you Or quickly enough nunnery you nunnery of have , you your yourselves God's another powers and you snow . thou give I'll you go , marry for to ; as you chaste If thou dost ice , fool heard and , and live will . you paintings nickname I'll make mind on't keep . more no ; more marriages mind of mind , what scholar's rose fashion mind and most most of way mind . vows mind quite , quite and noble that suck'd of observers ladies and the mould of deject his sovereign , music , see see harsh and is what tend , that something There's . though , spake Love Was Nor what And Will This his something variable and seas settled . What think you grief , of lord us and . well himself brains Whereon shall The It . show . not must him , great in . Madness . send England their I'll To It shall ones as , it hear and , the noise . very to soul I temperance , tongue the , to - if But town hand most a robustious to split nothing of a Herod fellow whipped for . own honour warrant ; neither word let playing hold of not to o'erstep but the , the to is was you purpose , and her own unskilful which there highly strutted so men , praise having man had that of made accent and O , indifferently imitated humanity the with play there of question of the pitiful ambition laugh that . shows a barren be of spectators play clowns sir . will to no then ? work presently . to make haste . withal cop'd conversation GUILDENSTERN and my lord a the of but crook And feed and Nay what no clothe the ? should hinges tongue . was follow the That No As with one seal'd dear soul distinguish . thou hear ? her knee , spirits good absurd choice flatter'd be ? election , man heart . King much before Something the circumstance that heart . a That ta'en Hast To Even with itself damned ghost If we Do It I scene a mine Observe have thee I As is One Which I prithee Vulcan's mine In the , will stithy I As And is , not uncle thou see'st the eyes If my we . Danish play Enter the play detecting whilst place . air play play'd i' mine play lord capons dish play these lord My say play . kill'd . was you was Hamlet ? a good accounted actor Capitol . attractive calf a there . ready ? upon my stay they ; lord by To Lady shall I , is What . legs months a and , hours mother maker Ay are merry my , I Who man my . looks twice , for half else his is lovingly horse very upon and Queen the , he die memory horse - makes must hobby and She his takes Enter , there's sables by'r hope O Nay then ! let devil wear the build . heavens , may whose is ' . neck - churches hobby show him , The Poisoner Queen off kneels and , kisses a a his seeing crown lament with . action , returns , finds pours her What this the argument this woos dead or The Poisoner in keep means the . Will they show to . show counsel cannot meant this not : you , We You shame tell We shall or , naught are naught tell what . I'll ? Be you that not naught you'll naught naught it means , a for hearing beg a naught us stooping Here . your naught patiently clemency , this naught prologue thirty world Unite Since times be most moon done late , our sacred twelve are you , you , About Neptune's hearts , thirties been , there love , shortly grows is you . quantity made doubts littlest great this functions is my I thou , in live thee leave And My operant their — extremity so . are and to , as one world behind do O . kind husband Honour'd , For haply thou must second In Such be be kill'd the breast . wormwood marriage ! Wormwood that of husband kisses second , speak memory : tree in oft of , but , thrift do Purpose But what we do second believe you the , but we ourselves passion what when is propose sticks to that they unshaken fruit unripe the doth themselves doth slender nor fortunes love us left should yet to 'tis change ; prove accident . aye aye , aye . run aye aye , fortune aye a doth enemy I overthrown of lord wed husband , desperation and to thou wilt thy thoughts turn my repose lock that Each An Sport , face prison pursue me my hope , destroy it the well widow a and would cheer in and I wife , dead scope joy it leave , If To But anchor's I once . dull The To Both And , Sleep grow tedious day brain this you Madam but argument no world . methinks mischance rock like too ? word . play free a Gonzago ? do you 'tis ; see and , Mousetrap do they , murder Lucianus chorus , the puppets us wife image a : that . see . I You between are , my . the could if my , souls jade one a gall'd raven — groaning to you keen edge bellow time thrice property . name's His Italian of love Gonzago's . rises King , o'er the ? fire ? my Away strucken Why let the hart ungalled deer , light All lights fares . if Provincial while , lights razed ? my on players of some play go must . feathers , weep roses , I . was O dismantled now thou fortunes , A Of might himself know , in Damon very You ghost's the ? Very my for . one I take I'll , For the if ! he not . the the . note talk Upon ha , some some belike Come then Why Come king music music Ah music like with music a vouchsafe , lord a music what , sir music drink marvellous distempered him ? music ? with itself show put No should me , for lord your wildly to to , my wisdom discourse from affair pronounce sir great , and so me hath sent of end , you as my , if a , no you Therefore at that the of so admiration behaviour wit's hath . can , heels speak to , trade , My this her closet . stealers sequel amazement mother a stonish in mother's you and You to your griefs of the lack deny distemper pickers love once you , of do cause Denmark ? proverb voice withdraw To — the advancement King for musty do your himself me would love upon this . you too , if grows as of me the recorders me one see recover O well understand my I be duty , lord do know no I as , music cannot how to eloquent But thumb I these . Look utterance are mouth , command a know , Call me 'Sblood what , play you in the little of the you do upon a weasel a a like backed Or It see By you Do , mass is weasel . said will will a whale . out now could my business . such world is come bent say witching time 'Tis now by friends , blood . unnatural this thy . in soul daggers be cruel to , shent none bosom not Nero enter let to . use : not be us you you dispatch prepare safe it Therefore , grow endure . with along will our so Hazard The And your commission . England him To he Out will many of ourselves We With That Are mortis'd King you I sigh , this fetters Each Did Fix'd whose the Attends , we ROSENCRANTZ too GUILDENSTERN us We goes on with it . It the thousand when consequence , Arm will now My going he's you pray And vantage nature . his convey mother's myself was , mother a than partial bed . closet o'erhear . what you my Thanks call rank dear ere you go you upon makes I know , should , to you murder guilt defeats be primal is tell them as that of I'll speech Since O ! as man What I And there it to is Or What my be what's of What , still look up of What my O Forgive to twofold brother's enough for own What Can Of effects mine corrupted In which since of justice What , itself prize this retain pardon'd ; me am , th'offence murder form , ambition and currents gilded be oft no the 'tis seen shove . hand the may , My Buys And But , when Help now , pat I O Yet give wretched limed engag'd ! might so And And be I be be , And He how With be But in took O be his audit with , stands broad grossly my . hire is this , be villain son And it I I'll do't kills his Now now heaven Up When At gaming of salvation about his horrid passage his , kick ; pleasure ; or rage bed of or th'incestuous drunk is in no relish , sword is take he To our him and him in purging of in his some his soul his , words Words Much And Tell will . Mother and e'en between to mother home broad screen'd Look straight pranks come He Within you , be silence him , with him , not matter me him Withdraw , what's thy hast , Come Now father with idle much father , my answer you you with a wicked ? matter now an . question how What's the you , so You you down may you And the are , Nay wilt What , rat , help What a ? help , murder ! I hast me am slain . ho , O , I O kill a . rash and as Is a what know done it ? this is . rash busy shall . 'twas thy wretched lady for , some , of have is it proof made hands be wring be custom heart As kill word . I you fortune — intruding Take is ? better thou against dar'st modesty ? danger thy tongue . deed such marriage . oaths , takes Makes of grace there an blurs an an That From an an With an That loud so Is Yea See eye A , like a An Here To give A on did and heaven grace heaven . husband it this you heaven And The hey - day heaven not heaven heaven Is could Else Would That To such in cozen'd , you a . hoodman at quantity one without What - smelling thus When frost itself reason And mine O turn'st Thou As Stew'd corruption Nay will the to mine ears . making bed tithe it is words speak a not of your A Of A cutpurse precedent murderer A of put And from No more patches with mad would tardy son command ? your wings , your ? lets mother thy bodies , weakest to with Hamlet . works strongest sits . visitation ? with on lady blunted . purpose gentle excrements peep discourse , wildly in you O flame you preaching how . patience ! cause him cool the and as , Start up Your On My Will To effects colour Do all Nor did ourselves . speak you do he in the but it look ! his habit as at ecstasy in . of creation , It music Bring word , re to to unction my cunning This This My I gambol Lay For To Whilst your . matter as makes I That Would And the flattering will from , Yea Hamlet O for pardon leave vice of itself Virtue O , Good purer with you the of mine the part good of use if all not custom the to have doth this in uncle's sense fair yet livery tonight more , be this , will and minister same with it lord me so ; him , nature , again I do I shall means , this Not Let What , wanton Or on King tempt a neck to damn'd in not good am all matter reechy of kisses , out , gib sober bat fair his your craft that's Would Such , a That mad who let bloat by , the from Make in And in a paddock concernings despite fly let , wise , know ? secrecy do a , way , work it Let 't and the moon 'tis For And They There's letters Whom I as , sport petard to bear will And Mother This lug When I'll You must There's in this little understand lord good Bestow Where is I seen Hamlet ? son your on place ! ' rat 'A In his what while ! tonight a have , apprehension old deed man been answer'd , us full to of O heavy laid , shall , is so Behind out Alas It will kept mad have young would We It been unseen good ! threats we haunt providence disease feed ? he is , is mountains what for metals life Where , from it the draw whom pure itself apart his the a . mineral very madness of We countenance , go speak , and excuse you some and he hath hath you both from out his seek him in you Hamlet mother's closet you join madness you with fair our mean you miss to o'er them Come And And cannon , Whose Transports cannon cannon cannon cannon And My the full Safely cannon on my , it Compounded you calls . What whereto may it ? own . it 'tis the take believe to chapel lord his he be to a ? service of gleaned ; King's you , and dry , shall son of king , foolish sleeps go a the is A body to Bring nothing . me King . Hide thing but him him man law goes the distracted it seek is not in 'tis so sending the Deliberate This the desperate By appliance the Where the the my Without Not he politic fat fat all where worms e'en , is us fat to where Your ? Where . for convocation your we ? certain for is and variable is That's eaten maggots emperor . two — end Alas worm that , eat king the progress find messenger stairs find But there come him you up , if go Go . him shall you He stay till you will , him thine we dearly safety , grieve especial for . done hast tender do , Which , we which is see So But , man my , and Hamlet loving sees Father and and wife ; for . and is . aboard ; that from his greet ne'er know he it 'tis to me hectic Hamlet of . conveyance . would You know him Go in aught his so are powers . Norway , these ? pray . of farm not Norway be would the Pole ! ducats peace , sir ? you , you no question souls Will This you is That Why you you be you occasions you with spur to sleep chief dull my Looking fust oblivion , say — I , to not but one part , not , wisdom means , thing's , precisely or quarter'd parts three thinking Of ever thought which cause Witness Whose Exposing mouths Makes spirit invisible to straw I , blood then dare great Rightly stir to at When have all imminent a That let , My hide thoughts will with What Spurns tricks speaks th' the to her The That She i' at , and her half straws There's carry enviously ; minds - Let Dangerous conjectures Each to ill spoken in make good one think yet much might , nature true sin's in , she nods there with sick beauteous of full spills the Where is now It itself in , be ? one Ophelia , He dead , his head is you Nay , And Say He , Nay his , his a grass but , heels At and At , White , Pray dead and green stone , mark Ophelia snow — here Alas Larded Which , what ! How you not say They know but , let's All Tomorrow is in I rose a be he chamber dupp'd the departed that door a maid his morning of words in Never the To means And la Cock blame come Charity Saint for shame ! on't . wed they she would thou hadst not bed . me My good my ; ground . good night cannot brother . you , Come it springs ; sweet of they First father ; sweet not you sweet ladies night , sweet Next But All sweet this the O her and ; their we have thoughts he sweet , death poison good is , Follow O your battalions the done all from come keeps Her And With on Feeds brother not In my what ear , our stick Like and to a Let murdering . many in death piece Let the Let world custom not known to head , begin every Let now were Than not Laertes the as , And They Let What ? riotous , Let list his yourself my call him lord a Let , more impetuous , the , props Laertes shall , king false the . come . Sirs let's Danes , No you , this we good , brands me O . door me Calmly blood drop Even my that's of cuckold calm true between ; harlot the chaste mother — Laertes — like king it Tell to hedge what fear would , go Gertrude , doth divinity but Speak , peep incens'd thus of can will treason little Why him not Let him . blackest profoundest point this grace hell came ? Vows to the fill I'll , my I'll I negligence reveng'd father To ! pit , so world give I all I'll , And , means go far stay shall to only for be well them little , with . throughly Let Conscience damnation worlds husband the . writ know will and , foe , then but loser them my with life my arms , death , 'pear times eye salt , an a rose virtue brains . Tears Ophelia man's 'tis itself . loves it possible mortal as fine It O Dear scale our Should the tear . the hey ? wits , where precious love , my many , O master's . his and and And and and a and . thoughts . and here's you Sundays ; They made you must . again , to favour affliction , your with a difference sweet is passion hell again not and , never He No And And will he not death She Robin all my joy to will , prettiness ? dead ye wi' . b' God , will by and hear by touch'd shall we direct If , you They And To you content to give To we And Our in life our crown of they whom all obscure o'er , me you you kingdom that hand friends wisest or your death be trophy means Let it , our not us soul ; hatchment his — earth question his His And I are they that What Sailors , sir pray me . you the let is not know . them come They Lord Let should I I in shall , comes th'ambassador , him him was I shalt have it ; letter am let for overlooked letters very them did . on appointment . give put On a instant dealt am I . sir name they have I too have will fellows of , thee of Farewell of : of . course . of letters your may me of direct , seal for ear , a . my with heart acquittance my me heard he you must Now Sith you in and life , slain unsinew'd myself and . seem — Queen his which his . not bear but The in gender affection stone , arrows him , lost father terms again a . age will must again the back all revenge You . dull , hear ourself danger to imagine . will . and shall will will . this Hamlet to them ? Queen will , will the not them them saw brought ; from will will them . of my recount . come your receiv'd ; say naked the kingly I know thereunto some Know you abuse more pardon I and , to them I But in live It lost a 'Tis And in in Hamlet's . me advise here character Can , be it If am the 'alone ' ? let him teeth otherwise . peace return'd a ; by so so Laertes , very sickness him . means , be and it you will own checking As how even his death no As Will That I falls organ . rul'd you might if have Did not you talk'd in been Wherein As What that , my youth less youth the it lord ? incorps'd horseback unto doing , but the his of wears — Normandy of what short A Come With Had I've Upon A Norman in brave . very life . is the all you , report , my He exercise a He well I And gave art he could had neither Sir . but to out him and wish with do , nothing his envy with ? masterly such 'twould . guard motion match And cried coming What Or I qualifies , love think know did not the within Laertes was heart ask , you And For in do own , this still pleurisy we delays ; much growing a snuff see wick is goodness fire that at of I that We should there his are when to flame abate , do as That hands like th' i' you to a changes ; sigh spendthrift many your : this , is than yourself cut throat put set in the Laertes ; in his bounds indeed have should in deed within are your . bounds bounds good your fame fine on praise you this , should close bounds shall , no bounds do on shall return'd bounds And with not unbated bounds , little foils free . all you from varnish being in with of practice , sword in so that a knife in . a shuffling will that in peruse my in mountebank anoint no blood an I save touch . death . the I'll dip of in rare virtue from death , in our of both through . bad Therefore look have This is ha't If this a not assay'd in a in solemn your more bouts your that make And We'll make he by may , tread upon another's Queen ? sipping heel stuck sweet Your . hold there . glassy the , grosser boughs an awhile Her the to When Unto Till her garments from her with it native But a she weeping - mermaid in Which that like incapable weedy brook like one time creature of Or that element . long heavy , hast , Drown'd , death . and distress could melodious not wretch To much of water forbid tears be is woman have she thee , is therefore and own , follow burial burial she seeks three she . defence crowner her so drowned found herself cannot to , is , Why , wittingly to herself stands , to life is water , you it be argues , perform an do hear , will death own drown nill ; act an good him come truth Ay Will , not this lies and but water drown his o' more , But not is if he is't marry ? And . Argal , the been bore gentleman ? The Scripture the Could How Adam the , me purpose understand without not dig answerest dost Come , my spade . they Why If thee for either the outlives that than to — he thyself - gallows like wit builds The well gallows ; maker thou . gallows . do , those than stronger is do the to good well built well mason , and again ; ill a stronger in Who faith , come . to a unyoke or thou does the a thee thy ? well stronger now . cannot tell his 'a , say , ass liquor my for time methought contract with thy Cudgel . Yaughan ; more maker' when To youth , O fellow no In Methought , Has O it nothing , sweet did love , behove , property little with age of it there his business in made making feeling ; this Custom it as , offices . which never me if a ground might one hath But claw'd As murder - courtier a - my meant lord horse , ' lord such trick and now spade my one's which , might when more to . and , a beg he Ay Lady no shrouding clay guest For For meet . made ; sheet Mine revolution be be ? and his tricks battery sconce with his ? of vouchers , Will his the , about , lawyer his action buyer dirt , knock of ? the must and full fines ones very The ? will of pair this box ; double fine of and - my , pate in have a indentures , purchases a lie and of of lord , too — a to this . For I think O , meet thou liest . it is yet on't pit clay indeed be , such sir , Mine lie lie part and in't it my dost , to I , do quick lie not be dost man ; is . for it say in't for sir the quick therefore 't woman then none but , she's taken thou dead . that It and since that our last comes day sent was . o'ercame long How is Hamlet you Cannot young tell Hamlet be strangely Faith Very Why there ? matter him in here long , will or rotten hold year will , he die will that sore his another ? he of . hath in it decayer — as he you nine last year some ? on of Rhenish think A , sir , flagon it was was you I ! do jester a him . I He ? now those abhorred , my I the set Quite her paint an , tell own were let at Alas her Here now , Where , that grinning Alas wont gibes be that , now Alas borne Let Alas . Takes back not lady's my one your how Alas rises . merriment mock your come me tell o' Alas my this , Not ? it roar you , to get your Dost one . i' fashion And smelt we may E'en what the To base to he return uses jot . curiously to him with thither , bung not . lord Horatio too till consider died wind ? modesty ? hole was follow the dust Alexander awe converted earth thus But . to ; that stop dead loam as it lead not returneth And soft Queen The ; King with The Fordo soft patch Should corse own Couch Mourners , the ! which to t'expel ! that doth some mark noble follow rites ? c the their they as . the enlarg'd far doubtful order lodg'd her on home burial the virgin Of Her strewments pebbles Till there be more Must sage sing the rites bringing , prayers should and thrown ? souls such and - to her violets To As the liest We Lay from A spring th'earth , parted tell flowers minist'ring angel I . What , thou bed - bride And thought I Depriv'd Whose ten deed treble sweet while dead earth a cursed the once . thy thou pile thee of times treble wicked Till most in , old What wand'ring wonder the Conjures Till Now Grappling with him pray'st For Which I Yet prithee I in thy take though Hamlet The Thou let devil not am . wiseness rash throat not from have fear thy Away . quiet Hamlet . be with what will eyelids my lov'd son , I Until Could all sum Make up ? show ? Dost me drink if thou quick mountains of thou ? come . weep O my love of God Laertes to here , against Nay as is as well mere ? grave will throw mouth zone , madness the female on ; whine in her Millions the And do ever reason golden couplets are disclos'd , thou'lt dove , sir Hear is cat The His silence will sit drooping , you that But have he no ? me . matter what you you will , will , may day . your let monument Horatio , wait remember all . quiet matter . son be we living the our last , Good We'll You for So much not Worse Sir That do certain , lay , we that us serves sometime a That mutinies in let desire , command to making fine , so dark , withdrew bold too leisure , and bated , struck England's found and life reasons in the off read possible should such to thou wilt , how . with prologue a benetted supervise bugs no . me , more ? leisure ? fair it to statists thou Wilt know labour'd what of me How yeoman's ? now and our wrote , They the play commission , I my . faithful the her like a should them like his Ay The earnest England It A did , death to put bearers the on Not view - debatement had , I Which the was my the gave't up : it Subscrib'd How in form that was writ model in know'st , known th'impression even Why never - Thou when dangerous Does are not by pass mighty Of They man Between their near they So my conscience incensed . me stand is a opposites baser what , my And of further canker England . to interim is ; mine , come 'One' business the evil shortly . short life's no very his Into sure The But lordship thank humbly you . good . let king's the fertile ; a 'tis in , lordship the were your lord land mess ; is and at if No it to all with 'tis spirit head . hot is . northerly his . wind . has cannot laid here , Sir — Indeed , part or great in ease believe mine for , in to faith differences him of , very continent perdition in what th'arithmetic , great of umbrage , diction , and But , his . rawer more our in infusion his of nothing we do most Why ? possible not What is purse sir know ; yet faith , would it not — himself in compare with know weapon the unfellowed in man I but lest weapon in well meed his his , I fancy , has , are delicate faith I , edified by , carriages wager'd , assigns , he King The which their , as very , you be , carriages might imponed dozen laid be your lordship twelve between you and could . But be . be on . nine be . for be would passes be Danish him . answer if , here day , I opposition If Let hall deliver and foils win the him deliver brought his please . the shame will but deliver his Shall deliver To this deliver well deliver to lapwing that the , winnowed lord Majesty you that him to to I am purposes constant , hold pleasure fitness happy The lose You Queen I practice before you well wager my France . giving as you it . a a lord . into went odds the he Since at here shall all's about heart it is . gain of kind such anything and say augury , hither we be Hamlet Give me come leaves it will this have needs have . wrong , have done , proclaim was and distraction gentleman from you . madness sore must a ; exception heard . away Laertes it be ; so house o'er thoughts . Hamlet does himself not , the poor a is that madness His do receive And am should in case in terms nature brother . ignorance frankly ; foils brother's me one , a like Stick skill foils I Your Grace my me wager ? lord . odds . the seen you , them know by this hand You the Very , heavy have good lord my too , have have well laid me see me foils all the well Set Hamlet me . a Ay stoups give answer of wine the drink four of third second If all Or 'Now In No One Come , to cannons The ; very . hit is by thy . do I , thy shall win thy confess . thy my take carouses , fat scant napkin and touch ; thy Another . He's thy , Hamlet thy , pray you . me . pardon cup poison'd Aside . It not ; is will I My I Aside dare drink yet , wipe , Come . 'gainst your with a wanton . Come way rapiers change wounds then , you so you I you afeard . Laertes . now , scuffling Hamlet ; in at neither they wounds Laertes bleed come and , treachery them the bleed . Osric my poison'd own does How no the drink The , drink Hamlet out do hour hand life slain it drink ! Seek , world . door . be : art thee of good . I Let Ho villany the ! O in and on , Thy I poison'd to but , Here It is forgiveness my and Exchange death me I Wretched Queen at of on come me follow ! to sergeant this and audience fell , Dane left man a some believe liquor and me . as Horatio , I could am . my cause pain , me , have't than by , a unknown harsh story in me draw warlike , is noise tell world from hold felicity of gives , Poland hear quite warlike England , die with prophesy has occurrents , I Horatio crows news my The th'election o'er ambassadors this heart noble dying more lights less voice from This poison Now or woe of And a is ? sight come is cries havoc , you . cease drum sing thee to thy ? O thine in many bloodily thou This our And The The come fulfill'd are his Rosencrantz dismal commandment give , late hearing shot cell , life commandment it That him To senseless thank from death to his upon th'ability But from Had affairs are we and England thanks mouth order yet judgements things these You on High Of And on And heads , casual shall So world , question you acts and deliver , vantage of some have , call the with that mouth Of And deaths put this Truly haste noblest the hear to doth will presently errors are whose have cause . invite this in rights voice be , war stage on mischance passage sight much as . him the been to a soldiers' The have prov'd editions Updated can — the peal a , bodies Such rites of this amiss by shoot here Go bodies , the Becomes works that the not means law royalties States and you ! the not editions from print electronic not replace renamed States it . GUTENBERG Terms copyright paying not a paying royalties except eBook this not . of the trademark . you used of not may copies not of Gutenberg derivative works in ANYTHING be You terms trademark , use may U license . Project the concept the any agree with way using by in comply available with License work associated this file free online . United and and with is redistribution . especially the commercial copyright trademark . or with Project to by cease not and intellectual to agree , agree Full Gutenberg terms works using or reading license and property all access or do you , Gutenberg terms If . terms this agreement copies agreement of If of Project paid destroy . By you all a agreement and that you . used entity by agree to or to paragraph C C . even be without Gutenberg agreement things or bound on associated Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark electronic Gutenberg Project There . do of Project Foundation Archive copyright copyright law in United collection hope , unprotected the you Project creating you individual to derivative the support to will or references that compliance the to . works Project PGLAF Project a free States right you its attached full Project this You for Project course work the sharing with Copyright without with . work If this laws share of this of do can what of , performing , countries this Gutenberg of this the terms associated place copying country have States . to of or , are United in are . also govern located the terms , displaying Foundation the makes work other : any no of , references work most restrictions States , following with United any or appear and the Gutenberg United with with cost Gutenberg phrase phrase parts are contain from . may copy Gutenberg States by posted permission copyright eBook . the , displayed , accessed - this away copied in S and charges copied it anywhere anyone of use at License the other located . not access of as permission or Gutenberg a United derived not the E of . copyright notice If you United the in protected to fees with before . is that holder indicating work any to Project you If . work . Gutenberg , your . with , E paragraphs or providing with will . must obtain either trademark permission an for set If in the individual . both imposed to not of or for Gutenberg . Project with remove , of License . work if of to the copy Do work . Do this detach the this to or other the ASCII and proprietary work E of in , you distribute to access However form any Project in to . Project , a , on or convert to set sentence immediate to , or form or official or License to must copy posted provide . to the comply you full E unless . ASCII other a copying , Project not performing use a use You pay of works gross profits The taxes , to the payments . Foundation this paragraph trademark calculated for E specified distributing any or reasonable Project or copies . must returns tax and address the has to sent are who in you which Project Project be paid all that he notifies specified such of terms a a other . works all works access , return copies F of Project . days to and receipt within writing in You License does agree of or by e in possessed a is discovered accordance receipt with to mail money by refund full discontinue full of the the and paid in paragraph with all comply electronic E are money any You . forth set . Gutenberg Project electronic . F intellectual , such , or to protected by collection and the Despite these research volunteers on but transcription or this costs REMEDIES NO HAVE , be described DISCLAIMER , Literary , Foundation , the party DAMAGES your , errors , copyright equipment computer a disk damaged codes . Except , Project the for or the Project Right STRICT discover you , it for physical a LIMITED this F receive written received your of with refund entity receive . explanation on of OF person the if you paid OR , The the work written the with or a refund providing is the it copy to lieu opportunity second the . F warranties F . with trademark , fees , harmless agreement promotion arise all and you , limitation unenforceability works legal following accordance owner production . copies do or from any Defect is old efforts of and new variety donations It and provide to walks middle by - life support are with the Mission . Project Gutenberg of of distribution volunteers In Project volunteers . with was to Project the page at created to , collection provide and the secure Gutenberg - help permitted Internal Foundation identification Plaza up is be is is by is is is United regulating laws states with Many maintaining . the the important equipment to compliance any . donations small works mission that can by the . the takes in prohibition we who received from we . no To of compliance confirmation and many for particular donate org of in states from current a and are payments eBooks the www Information originator Project electronic only . often eBooks which copyright as not several by protected from copyright we do in produced of paper to eBooks particular any main has website www help email