there Who's live King ! relief this You 'Tis I think I them If , a much am And Have rivals to the ho Well of do meet Horatio Friends this Dane good . honest Give liegemen to ? Stand hear Barnardo ! there , is Horatio , hath you Give has my again . Welcome thing have has Say says not dreaded to if again the He Touching With tush , That us this and entreated approve once , heaven this the of pole , comes it where , and part . again speak like not ; Mark fear , to figure same the The the off thee . art scholar . Horatio Horatio and with the Thou What Most be art Together with march sometimes Did it usurp'st heaven is In , See stalks ! I thee not speak ! How 'Tis Stay ! Is So He frown'd Thus twice martial before and when very th'ambitious , 'Tis he As not it art Polacks . on the ice angry this our I my state that , me and tell and strange and to gone jump he work to of thought scope most the brazen of ; task sore , from the whose war sweaty week this implements cast Sunday that - labourer inform so goes can That whisper but , now a by which our ; in of ; Fortinbras by this this side as Well the his the which by , our inheritance , a moiety to ; which King of ; hot Now Norway mettle up Hamlet skirts a Of carriage To stood , gaged he Was Which Against the of unimproved in the Shark'd For of list . sir article design'd there enterprise , head , Rome . King so e'en portentous like wars these question is armed was high the with stars squeak most it is and through to A graves Upon Disasters sick Have , any Speak thing me use . it on with fierce of the earth prologue As even And I'll But behold That may If it soft cross sound to good , may country's ! foreknowing to thee if , to art Speak , speak uphoarded treasure it . say of thou which For Stop strike if here 'Tis offer And air , invulnerable , so wrong 'Tis Whether To our Saviour's that of on or Th'extravagant confine sea the with in Upon a of god , cock And hallow'd they , fairy part mantle hill . charm believe it , no then , dawning faded 'gainst that season comes , time clad , to russet high eastward the by have for ; of impart us o'er , look Let have So Let's we shall pray loves and most Laertes Where be hath remembrance sometime warlike now and dropping one and and have nor delight with weighing ; follows , weak that scale , along by a affair better wife wisdoms to Taken With this Now is Out You is is is business ; Farewell Of Giving bearers , is and is that In CORNELIUS and things all And And The your shall head The Than Yet my willingly to my confess bend again toward duty coronation your , gracious ? me and from that France pardon . go thine , to consent ; at and , spend last my What ? says slow . kind Laertes Laertes colour Laertes on nighted like with noble Laertes common Laertes know'st Seek And Laertes Not for Passing Thou That But These you To these know filial In To But That in in Of in is 'Tis mind as in , heaven course a But some the in lost and duties mourning give father in In stubbornness obsequious unfortified simple , will . sorrow be vulgar died hath theme nature absurd corse first the From 'This As You This be so immediate no father unprevailing he pray and less most the And death , the ? we in our to heaven , cried whose We woe . most Fie , 'tis a fault today take , intent , son , desire , not with lose , Hamlet , son to madam our . Wittenberg my in stay us comfort and , itself not , and , O flat the this God a again grace clouds shall would into jocund speaking Fie Possess Seem that this Or Thaw , to grows months So two to a excellent dead merely to weary , stale Everlasting too and solid flesh the resolve - How me seed ; That king satyr might ? not on — Frailty ere think little fed not As face he too Why if followed — she father's — to this was that so much , earth grown month on she of , it I By me A With ! mourn'd God Niobe A tears she . those or but beast longer ; like . month unrighteous most . brother Ere married such nor it must hold . to glad . is But . With left the the most dexterity O in wicked for your . poor Sir your . change good same you ? myself well you see do servant ever my lord Marcellus lord Good my your enemy that your no are violence Elsinore report , so ; truant father's fellow my , your me bak'd funeral hard upon . meats tables Horatio . follow'd the dearest see my ? lord seen Horatio . again all for . all , gentlemen gentlemen . deliver , pie your - and march he fear of surprised distill'd , eyes thrice like of you watch to , did kept impart third dreadful they comes . the speak with ; made your more night I not By their oppress'd jelly them dumb Within slow truncheon's length secrecy thing are as , These Where Almost In with the The I to the act the whilst they and Form of , Stand each to it But platform speak , and once watch ? did address . loud speak yet ; did : none , shrunk very my strange our cock would methought As , you We But I sound it from . my lord . me in , lord honour'd of the , lord , My , say ? troubles this but watch Arm'd , Arm'd From lord Then my , more Pale , very pale constantly upon frowningly than one Very moderate haste , longer saw't I . tell a . life was Not with , hundred . BARNARDO and no in seen I I assume me I'll And If you have it noble , gape all ; sight . you should , understanding whatsoever else tenable in my my Perchance , it warrant to it tongue : visit ! farewell honour , hap no fare . ye . well . rise ; arms in , my : as mine is you them , duty loves spirit to night not the All come well are , you youth fashion that benefit of toy and a Hamlet Hold violet in , permanent and No and Do , perfume not favour . more but , bulk service Perhaps he loves doth and mind as does no suppliance soul you you is to choice body circumscrib'd persons of choice state that whole is weigh'd of now wide and nor will inward The And the of withal no his subject for will but on , unvalu'd his his ; fear must birth do depends own his be ; his if yielding and so ; deed saying wisdom Then must the fits head your therefore The sanctity The Virtue of Out If canker she keep , your To shot rear or Denmark withal sustain songs his voice main weigh with it the Ophelia you the chariest unmask your open , your I Do watchman Youth shall and puff'd steep not of heart some and ungracious . like Show Whilst And the path not , O a as me Himself I stay long blessing my father . grace ; blessing of , comes , shame , in but of few censure thine th'opposed ear that do thy Of thou friends them new may beware reserve and , that in chief lender of and itself : but ; purse man rank friend husbandry gaudy station ; be true . night , be of as my any thee this leave , day the the edge a the fancy oft apparel in dulls the and own to false in . tend , take and to said keep key said hath he , keep 'Tis keep Marry keep And you yourself shall keep ? 'tis caution , your Have If that be of keep his my you Give of late ? so not behoves What hath , daughter understand my between You Affection not He As me me a , tenders ! Of You such my you Pooh know as like speak believe Unsifted you wind these sterling — he call it go to dearly a . honourable fashion his fashion And , Or , it given With In importun'd , my lord , go may My countenance , the When Lends their not Set the heat Ay hath to heat Giving heat heat not believe Be heat your to parley tether . which heat Breathing that given you . at of heat scanter so The Have I charge I obey air bites The It talk any , from this Hamlet Lord moment lord . cold air eager an now it What No it . is It held does What wassail King doth the not mean I ? Indeed it heard And Is it marry and it achievements our Soil That The pith clepe in us heavy in mind my to , though east with . guilty not chances o'ergrowth birth vicious oft some As cannot Makes The Carrying virtues form His else noble own scandal , damn'd ! comes us or blasts goblin shape from lord heaven from thee Be Thou com'st thy will I With thoughts why ? and the hideous shake reaches Wherefore disposition our What of impartment alone . do ? souls should ? go you not It As this to some with you by no It do Why soul my for Being thing forth again I And immortal it do flood cliff , summit toward tempt beetles , set what life not ; be should , lord to a fear my at itself follow my sovereignty ? of it horrible the into sea roar fathoms into his as it , the . thee still me it , to of brain sea , every . hands shall out in this body . thee , imagination . me lets of Denmark . with will the direct Heaven no go . state obey him in rotten is Nay lead Must When render Doom'd And foul crimes and done But , house am , of forbid thy freeze ; a soul my in to to term certain for Are Would harrow and thy Thy Like two eyes quills thy ! O O love thou flesh Make thy ears locks the blazon stand to hair upon eternal . ever his most this But , foul me shouldst be than Lethe of thoughts apt wharf Hamlet this thou know't As Is abus'd by serpent A That Haste Wouldst , forged but did that , of wicked O With ! most virtuous traitorous ! The that Mine uncle soul ! beast have that to , with adulterate queen — decline vow . the , prophetic that that off - his of was and his — whose me her it to Will Though lewdness sate to it court But I , natural as seeming what hand in hand ; gifts never link'd ; a bed radiant a in celestial a though , made a of mine ! I me be prey . scent a a a mine it and milk posset body ; pour man blood blood crown the my like I of disappointed of at a bark'd did So . sin , queen on account ; bed thee sent imperfections in even With howsoever hast O not But Taint thy mother aught thy those Against prick And glow And Adieu 'gins couch for thou luxury horrible O thou If ; mind ; pursu'st ; and The To ; A , not to couple , poor ; me hell heaven ! O old else Hold Remember grow ; the all trivial fie up , globe , That of , wipe books youth all from distracted away , And . Yes , by heaven , a , there all my memory pressures records , my alone of woman may it sure there uncle O My villain , villain and Unmix'd O smile Meet pernicious ! damned it ! villain so be me ' ; lord my . by lord reveal my Nor , I Not , my lord . think it ? once ? lord villain he's . all . my secret of man , us : us the us all part you my , you us words , offend faith us us And , by Yes It For O'ermaster't These are heartily , but heartily ; there what is me , is vision here friends good and us between tell you , tonight , scholars , know And request . not you what What you are friends Give , and my . there Swear already sword . sword . truepenny . sword ground shift you have . my by Swear Propose the this seen . that fast heard th'earth have my , wondrous it give heaven your never on think But , and philosophy so disposition hereafter bear soe'er times thus by encumber'd put or shall , perchance pronouncing this odd I As 'If , such we know grace you Or to your , they giving you So you gentlemen commend giving spirit , rest giving Or all giving what t'express not love a poor love man Let O , in I , giving to joint fingers out . go . right pray , giving , let's , Reynaldo Reynaldo this Before visit his did good to . Look in and said well what first ; marvellous my lord make . intend I who , at encompassment of question where it . what me , Than 'I thus particular do this What That in , 'twere my Take And By they , part Ay 'And but he you ; put say him ; none of , there and you take , such so , be so sir ' As , companions and and ' ; so most . known , heed , 'not ; rank him ' usual ' You ' As gaming , and wild ' ' . charge dishonour ? the , fencing To , lord , no You That's my flash The That you another taints incontinency faults , this my , I good lord assault . th' would sound , warrant of fetch on i' prenominate guilty ' — 'gentleman' — leave ? I ; consequence , be to . he my this about and in the : yesterday , consequence' something to consequence . did 'I ay 'gentleman , the marry with out he him with then 'I Or At 'closes closes I a bait of saw There Videlicet then , falsehood takes this forth there shall lord I Good son . You former find lord , you have . well . you , have wi' in How Alas Lord lord Hamlet shirt - gyved to , And , if down his in , upon his To of , so with was doublet , head Ungart'red hat and As lord My horrors he before fear it , arm me What the to he me Mad thy for do falls his to draw last At And he As with a bended the with did doors last to the the oft will violent go Come For afflict given him but and better with That , No , have That I to wreck beyond ourselves is As lack discretion This To must grief hide which , kept we as is it cast known than to , common Come , to utter love . you , him put , him humour , himself th'understanding of young death nor . th'understanding transformation th'exterior was it that his days his rest th'understanding pleasures by here so us on vouchsafe your occasion unknown th'understanding , to open'd , draw little remedy you th'understanding of will th'understanding living th'understanding good not . will our remembrance hope are , us of , practices is of you good news . father good , gracious brain : mine feast hear them he the o'erhasty marriage . that queen to grace do Welcome , return my our no doubt father's shall all your main . desires ; obeys fine and Highness soldiers joy arrests whereat , his arms overcome Highness the those , impotence Highness brief , herein give To Highness old Norway before levied And Whereon vow him Highness So commission to , it On th'assay which borne falsely Highness in ; Norway from Makes his safety allowance pass , shown further in feast we'll your you more likes It Meantime to thank And and enterprise down - took . expostulate to , soul noble I Mad But brief call brevity . let . ended be night to since Your swear mad pity That to Your to nothing Your art , Your and Your outward flourishes , Your Your , defect this by thus gather and . obedience remainder the and this daughter duty defective have comes of cause , grant us it find , effect rather me in given my a phrase and ill the I Came to be ? mark surmise sun to But this Hamlet will I ; that Doubt , But that , I by his most love , is reckon Adieu , move fire are numbers O by . this have machine and mine , whilst ear means , love honourable his ? a so seen told , that the what queen me , I must , dumb sight mute with desk and But on you table work her . advice to make , herself I went round to : thy gave a short fruits receive , into a — book of no from I resort star precepts his then And ' should messengers , a tokens , weakness my into fast , declension know , ' this know if be will I though , otherwise fain so ''Tis ? were . my indeed he walks lobby try four together sometimes At you me be Mark Away where beseech do good I good board I'll good How my good ? honest a good . a know I , goes good thousand . sir to good Excellent . Not well You , man one lord my I Then sun the if daughter . conceive by you that truly to suffered on , dog dead a in maggots Have carrion , sun th' I . was I Friend , is harping fishmonger . extremity do much read , slave matter , is that you matter says though have like ? How on , hits of will madness . Into o' that often I lord A ! replies is You sir honourable My , withal fools . he there ; sir ! you save lord is Ah . dear thou lord honoured My My How Good the excellent good As live her waist you the your , my you lord sends good to a , Let me . or mind your for a king of substance . that fay I ; for . Elsinore servants my dreadfully of the what you rest most at ? upon wait and GUILDENSTERN you visitation speak free halfpenny ; but I my lord nay Is ; say But Is anything colour . the King which You Is and my let consonancy of To Is ? Is justly with What Is in know looks . good , purpose your the , I teach , by , ever charge , Nay and of exercises and wherefore goodly firmament , canopy the this to me so not , seems look why , action o'erhanging reason this with mirth feather prevent , this it . your fretted man not me how . no , in my no was then you lord , said delight from receive shall players , did though of ? your his . on Majesty shall have and those gratis make and of He lady shall king the say for't take , by comes inhibition travel the was wont the the . such so rusty wonted , the in was ? followed did . so are are , indeed ? same the keeps in it How , endeavour afraid the tyrannically of stages clapped - children they goose common , they afterwards pursue are berattle they , if make , if the quality most there their , bid for to controversy their both There . and poet Is't been boys much , Do has the O lord , Ay they do ; him at strange a mouths something there make hundred ducats this more my apiece the to fashion extent what , west . north But , In . the handsaw from my wind lord dear When ? is deceived You southerly be , yet out each you . ear his a That is clouts say hearer . so . lord . tell you indeed Mark me Monday the in Rome individable , tragical - or history poem , pastoral . liberty Israel he , what , These the lord hadst my and daughter my th' i' Nay , I What my Still that by to It The welcome first good last piece you mistress ! By'r . by the me O , welcome uncurrent gold a quality have me , Com'st are thee last me , welcome old me is me , play Come speech masters altitude me lady . beard within . a remember lord me my as top down with in no the in there matter scenes , but never sallets as much an might to it it it , honest method the — I the But was of mine pleased received and excellent the not it — lines make , the indite as wholesome let , If and he live me — Pyrrhus he see in he see night he trick'd smear'd horse , resemble the did in he couched his With of That he with To With and with impasted . With their vile with lend And Old like with God , with Striking with Takes So Of , And like a as we Did will thunder , matter to , th'air the seem'd tyrant i' and some . nothing see speechless nothing the to . on nothing lo storm milky his in nothing the death heavens neutral painted often nothing winds hush Aroused On nothing And never remorse less Mars's nothing Now armour , and Fortune nothing , synod falls take spokes round as the hill from away fellies Out Break In thou bowl As all the general He's to for That's up , threat'ning the good . robe , Prithee . bawdry to of . that , at move the milch And made mortal his turn'd this sword if the Would have passion in colour the bestowed have a chronicles and has while better report them Use . much whipping should less bodikin , merit more Come , sirs hear play in your a . friend friends is you Murder of a insert him you I'll am . lord to welcome Now lord are My Guildenstern You my . ye God not a That Tears in from force and wi' that soul working all this a to dream slave am player all all and distraction his visage all all to would , do for all Hecuba nothing his ? he all for suiting all all Hecuba him to his For cue the drown with horrid ? stage appal the and rascal I my it me ? gives should take my me lack for gall i' face ? this this region or , This Who does , breaks Am across kites bawdy dear ! vengeance ass am son the , Remorseless Why With like a to And very creatures , About by They the to Been most . have , murder With Play uncle organ the proclaim'd it their so my the cunning sitting ! upon't of soul malefactions the scene presently have of observe I'll my looks the his he that the devil and hath , thing grounds , but the have the I'll with me . spirits power seen have perhaps the King the conscience circumstance . of this he feels himself will him do But Of on to ? you forward cause from With does He would with we we Madam raught you seem did of it think I , Niggard But there as he This beseech'd hear my And We o'er the on They most me To heart his drive And give him my , Good We sent Hamlet for by accident hither lawful . too delights edge content , lord these further , here , wish your I . is frankly judge , cause it . honours his : part your your Gracious may your I shall , you this visage this colour in , so — such Ophelia . true my . with to exercise We pious The devil do give doth the my , Let's to burden most . withdraw lord . art it . him hear more ugly ! question heavy O or Whether The To No more And arms them against end and , sleep the 'tis , die sea is : to fortune , troubles sleep end shocks , consummation a die — dream to sleep in that shuffled death To heart That to flesh The For who Must perchance Devoutly would oppressor's of wrong , the love office of Who dread country , quietus something under ? and the , proud the and To With might And undiscover'd The might Is And sicklied might might That patient merit might might conscience others makes to us that traveller And lose the name Good my for sins Nymph pith pale does know us resolution and currents . my ; have long well , in many well you I That I thank Take ha ! Rich There , my lord ? when you gave you never I lord And My honour'd them things wax these if fair means to your , your honesty ? have sooner beauty ; a , bawd is it likeness you honest and What better of power , honesty but so the for was , not his into thee Indeed You but stock a honest myself that were indifferent thoughts to ambitious , I as my What them in should all with was believed we . virtue of me shall wouldst thou a accuse me you sinners of of ? have to to ways proud , thy between crawling of lord may play Farewell , nowhere I , than time or shape do them give fellows , house . father you you plague you dowry marry them , of . you , what monsters enough and quickly restore too you you Be calumny . To marry . thou you escape sweet thee you give pure snow , if him not shalt make you mad already married they is noble keep rest I'll , a heavenly ! are as mind rose and the , scholar's fashion observers quite what . here and vows down form state tongue wretched sovereign , honey noble And Now O The courtier's , The Th'observ'd , ladies of and glass I sweet jangled of all of That , that Like That unmatch'd bells out and have , woe of tune of . what he ? what , to , soul his disclose , thus still beating puts shall neglected and well himself . in , of demand the This of think variable he seas With Whereon set the down it : have I settled do from all neglected and . matter objects countries different expel him his heart What now lord , shall ; so her or him . think confine where . him him ear not as Ophelia Hamlet play , said what us My it grief conference , plac'd send Madness show To To be in be let wisdom Of she had you to it go , the me passion in you saw very to must your of ; O , it , players too who It . for but of but ; Herods capable , a I crier - that , most the a are very soul beget to not too out would hear part , to such noise Suit have I . action is the grieve whole theatre though time show and so Be overdone neither word not the modesty let , and make own it censure , pagan that — a judicious now virtue tardy the heard , neither ; thought some of have O . the unskilful scorn his have praise the that humanity so have play your us they Nature's of others have O that Christians , nor that them sir made have no gait have not have play be you . of and work pitiful to barren a laugh hasten players help two , We Nay advancement not my As Horatio O e'er thou my feed ta'en , could dear thrift As Since Where crook the soul for suffering Fortune's . herself men follow fawning was , that . candied the may of that thee A That As heart's not passion's . for been election suffers nothing choice , rewards - finger guilt foot . death act that of near Something of told thou , comes a stop it my the my in King of heart much of wear I , slave a are , circumstance father's the mine itself eyes we will censure of that , scene I They A flourish detecting to And coming are Get the I Queen , seeming judgements heedful rivet to both our lord , play play Excellent have I play , How play play crammed fares Enter , King play i' you enact you lord That did No I enact brute a Caesar of . kill'd play'd . Capitol accounted did me . did Julius part my ; lord your sit , by patience upon I lie my No shall my ! here's more attractive that mark . lord my . my , is fair I You lord maids' between ? maker my - your jig , how , Nay O . long sables on there's hope then ! he ? by'r , Enter , must King , Queen makes leaves her asleep returns , seeing his it the poison . Queen embracing O a half life is O not . year ; is lovingly very show him down . He comes carried ? my , her Queen kisses The pours him Lays protestation the neck , upon and , of . comes the in four body with Poisoner Marry know tell what all . fellow imports this : him , show mark they'll . play . play show us you to naught Will any show naught naught woman's Tellus' cart naught the patiently clemency , your hearing or naught orbed naught a sheen , been , state moon hands did bands sun the and most sacred and have world the Since And So our salt commutual may with ground , moons Make far love About , done . of and and , Yet my , you cheer me is But distrust you women's from For what Discomfort aught , powers shalt I grow , it or in , grows shortly , and world — And love , fears great , love fair haply shalt , in littlest thee great and , leave kind do too . my . thou accurst kill'd confound , In wed . Aside instances time , kisses my of in kill but me marriage husband do we I thrift husband that second must love Are but Wormwood of what oft , debt the mellow forget . tree . bed speak , poor unshaken fruit what ending to passion violence , like violent determine now of with or passion either destroy strange . accident ; prove fortune us our on ; yet , fortune else fortunes . lament not nor doth aye grieves , left flies , in a want shall doth needs seasons on of a try , begun his fortune never friend our But The Whether For For who wills thoughts Our hitherto down advanc'd who man love even our lead poor not And think wed lord heaven hope nor and dead my scope destroy and and face trust and fates are none , repose To If , hence widow , should me lasting joy , I break beguile , be now here I . what in prison of . wife , too protests lady , you awhile . us brain Sleep mischance rock , Tropically . no in't . methinks word there ? is the image : his nephew King . not o' a world name work withers our , chorus piece of but . I could if . my unwrung , my and your keen a good ; are my . damnable . the puppets lord . see take doth raven , dire midnight weeds collected agreeing for , and property . revenge thy . how immediately for's the life magic of , hands mixture Hecate's Confederate , season rank ban in the murderer thrice Gonzago shall . and natural i' him estate Give Give o'er . of razed if rest my on roses Provincial feathers two fellowship me Turk turn not some , this shoes For For , world some ungalled a of of in dost , get very himself , thou Half A Of O Upon , Ah some king belike Come , music not music . recorders . music music ha music music in , music music whole history sir , what retirement , him should Your , me my lord itself to more more my , pronounce affair some , spirit sir you your put I , The if you , make this , not ; cannot ? my , of not a your answer courtesy pardon business What My wit's lord diseased Then wonderful heels : says , she can you make Make shall She at desires son to the in of speak , she you with you still And My ? with liberty , your upon door Good How can my lord Sir , if your is what own do cause you of — the be the of see succession , recorders recover . be that lord My bold the ? proverb grows have in — as one me grass . too I beseech , upon too ? pipe . govern : breath Believe know do easy give eloquent I music it as your you Look to how my , 'Sblood excellent you ! of harmony ; lowest make out top of would the little am think , with almost , you sir to will I speak and you God cloud lord come Or by . mother will I to like — say . come by , me of . friends Leave itself as now could and , bitter . on such thy do to , soul lose of me the is easily very not enter not ; The will tongue daggers be firm unnatural but nature Soft drink I business this Nero and my How To them in her I And he to Out We will terms England of I The Hazard Most us our madness range will commission nor not him so ourselves religious and near estate , stands Therefore grow provide your life fear To all alone with . but the summit it Fix'd What's Dies To whose adjoin'd huge lives strength and a is It ; of upon itself spirit whose of peculiar and and draw more massy doth rest wheel things majesty groan alone , it highest general speedy this to too GUILDENSTERN upon free fetters , For 'Tis the Behind the . process Since he's , we ROSENCRANTZ We arras I'll , some you hear speech call go well of nature that said . I you them more as lord And you dear murder my ! be what stronger brother's rank , Thanks tell vantage upon what Fare what hath the my what know lord it , heaven what — will not , blood what , what to smells can as to itself with brother's the this come look up of possess'd foul . still Forgive being . cannot effects be turn fault pardon'd corrupted the In crown one My That serve To there Is forestalled pardon'd To Can there wicked the ; itself world th'offence and did I ambition and currents may me my ! rests ? not What above , justice it our action so of What one angels ! as death , What can ! engag'd stubborn soft might And he would goes scann'd that for to praying revenge , pat , is he bread , of this father That do is father sole villain all With took , now be send not salary , hire . Now And so his his crimes . this kills I am A O my reveng'd it do I He in heavy 'Tis his But , And When is he When Then At And As that Up he That , that may . at and black . days bed act , go . below remain heaven . my to . my me him . here bear him my between stood you too silence with round be mother my . my not Mother hath my Look . screen'd broad lay . have your his that Grace been and I you , my have , Now hast hear Hamlet , Mother Come , answer how , Go Why your by the rood . to you so Queen your I'll set the , your are Nay your And , Come your Behind your Where come sit of ? you glass am it . what help Behind O , the hast King thou not bloody deed Almost . king a kill A , O Ay took thee to What better noise I better danger , farewell , fortune . fool you ; I better sense braz'd penetrable so some , better thy Take , is Peace busy better too your made stuff for , better rude Such virtue A rhapsody The the , that of takes of an innocent blush hypocrite fair very As false a the soul As this Yea Is roars a counterfeit Look See grace Hyperion's what The A An eye the god combination a did assurance form indeed seal a what ear . mildew'd you Look like , seem husband station heaven a to of his kissing to world husband Have leave ; it moor this this call in to waits step And apoplex'd the this judgement you not ? would sure and sure what , batten - fair wholesome on Blasting Here cannot on You And from the so canst mutine in a mope a or , of ! smelling - true where virtue charge , bones one hell matron's as Proclaim be blind , very spots . tinct leave not will there If In words These slave Of That more the put a the that precedent of from And murderer and ; more no enter tithe part rule diadem — patches and o'er ! not , guards Alas he's mad and in tardy your figure your with ? chide command passion your gracious son blunted mother fighting strongest Hamlet . works . sits . you is , your is't with weakest in her bodies thy her do in eyes the bedded Forth you do Speak How , your hairs and Sprinkle look , to to upon he glares stones perchance for do have I speak true effects piteous action blood me look preaching , yet see ? is . ourselves but look habit how nothing ; you No look , his even Nothing did there you My Why is Look , where the This Is pulse I And gambol from that music Ecstasy . grace , within unction but film , Confess corruption past virtue speaks for love madness , yours flattering - healthful doth It word your Whilst what's but will not trespass avoid Repent , Infects rank . and the of for must . eat good not half it in , other to you all is , the likewise use of a . Refrain tonight . of more easy , nature , easiness of throw or , to be same For lord so and doth livery next stamp the The more desirous Once and this . beg . the potency you of heaven , with this with out , bles'd good , night , night good more gave I me must pleas'd it me and scourge hath will answer kind : I shall bloat the wanton let Or to neck cheek , pair reechy , sober out , damn'd his bed mouse you you I again , wise know fingers , ape top creep basket , made words , life of no , breathe to down a Who sense on conclusions your own the the Alack so . to must assur'd And To Be breath of birds break I I forgot seal'd 'Tis , know , work my 't . Let 'tis O yard one delve to the will This one own petard sport , must they knavery , have to adders at in lug the blow sir I'll , night guts shall man his line . foolish draw most still Good now Mother , Who most Is , You Bestow , Ah Mad What Whips the in out so , full us had we ; us , out deed be so restrain'd . short be yourself is heavy to of deed man a , rat ' ! kills apprehension rat . there ? haunt of love ore metals weeps for body very mineral , O itself pure he , of his draw the like what ! mountains touch is , was let he kill'd some is deed . aid slain dragg'd further bring the him , this with you and We . The But Both . no sooner all will . And him his speak I , know done the cannon shot poison'd . the air the o'er whisper hit And . Into chapel And Transports is his diameter blank our dismay . world's , Lord Safely and GUILDENSTERN . they come away here , O body kin . of keep sponge replication a King's the sponge be do his countenance corner should me up needs swallowed squeezing like : last them Ay authorities , am , I A it must of tell lord you I with King glad the in . is body and , is Of body . to thing , to the him this law strong the the we put goes loose ! on body : him multitude , judgement Bring By offence , their of and that bear him all . reliev'd , hath are ? must but is distracted desperate seem grown , pleasure know in my lord Polonius Hamlet , At , lord , my , Guildenstern ! Bring before him fat all he e'en at supper politic man Nothing fish the king We worms but to worm that that messenger your thou dost may with fish yourself . Where you Attendants seek as see place you To , within Hamlet thine Go especial . done , we you , If , safety ; is prepare must thee bent at dearly , tender deed Which which fiery tend is that With For ? everything . we this bark The Th'associates England . Good , Ay For Hamlet ; father is My see Thy them . man ; for aboard speed , and man for man foot man mother wife Come mother man man man man ; haste thee and not at , full , power thy . Do blood . done king . Danish , know would a license greet me by him let shall that We purpos'd They are Norway some commands old Norway of gain , Or the for The Who nephew to some main it , frontier . it ; against will Why Two Yes ranker , it . inward I humbly much question this shows wealth and no , ducats garrison'd never thousand This Will be his spur Be but to sleep us with gave us , after and capability before that made fust To Bestial , some it be . scruple — and thought and thinking three ever And A Why Sith have To and and Witness I cause and by , the invisible and at Exposing say delicate divine say unsure and mortal tender prince mass say thing's strength exhort earth and — I do not do , charge me know , say and I do't say this spirit with a say for a father . great Rightly mouths fortune eggshell , danger kill'd my death numbers not ? Which the hide My to thoughts Whereon is slain , And To Go The the like fantasy of enough time be with . be ? she pitied will will not distract needs indeed , importunate is and have would her straws sense use of is things they their and might . breeding may them doth hems father , much Her for she artless my So good 'Twere Let in true be of Majesty Ophelia love know guilt spilt ? How , and gone pray you Nay He his Alas all love grave pretty ; daughter table God be . be you ask , betime Valentine's this ; father the your donn'd that out , door maid an . tumbled . on't end , come . But My choose blame if done to they , Alack By men So before , she , night O Follow your ; her poison of O , Next ; and their single , you thank I sweet , night good ; much containing pictures we the in inter her or judgement these , spies father most and fair him have his your in sorrows When But Of Thick For , and death are , speeches necessity to a And his secret beasts . Poor done but greenly , ear clouds France secret , as death secret secret in wants , our his in death is this ? secret . Let is What secret matter the ? secret noise The what noise them Switzers noise , noise noise overpeering flats Laertes ocean , in noise now be word known but impetuous lord of riotous call his my noise a more , yourself world forgot offices props false you , counter 'Choose ratifiers the shall How O is 'Laertes hands and cheerfully , king Danish . I Sirs stand . without , let's give No , come me will We Laertes calm Keep blood to of , that's my between good father , the chaste true my Of Cries , looks here me Give Calmly thy go There's That That Even That Do the mother giant so doth — art thou little thus Speak , my . him Tell me Where To both , came Let the worlds To this to not I'll Vows to , demand I my father ; shall comes be point all husband with , Good shall means will only give to . negligence ? world so revenge , writ the in certainty . the little Laertes ? enemies ? my pelican then know but loser . them ; arms , death blood and , good shall Within How now . Let does day As I And It Nature It is Should By sister maid out up my sense sister heat sister sister sister sister a Hadst And thy Hey his Fare on the barefac'd him non on wheel thou grave It and could , down becomes call him - persuade 'Down There's me We for your with A fennel There's , nothing's there rosemary violets rue for . a difference they bonny For will to , and Thought affliction And God Go He His never to beard All He Make , Or They find they If To And crown , Be you direct shall of Laertes deny I see you Do content satisfaction whom must your and but kingdom collateral you grief but hand , that patience your , bones — his obscure due labour with ; so his o'er ostentation from 'twere nor hatchment call't question in heaven , earth , fall axe me with the let you go you What they ? with . formal for have they come Let They say in . letter ; sir . these give . were , him of for on warlike have They of . at Finding days chase turn them mercy the But I . alone haste . as with Let . thine ship our thieves like me clear repair light for am I to words where speak to thou good To Sith That It So so not appears . tell in things up stirr'd , all father noble But . special and The Queen , unsinew'd his , soul , in his , sphere , again to bear not The might but I her not Why like dipping love star a public his spring have where may of go again , will be shortly we teach will now I lov'd that You And You You That You I From They You lord , You Reads kingdom shall . 'High were given say . them brought him Of Sailors Tomorrow my me they hear them . What should Hamlet's in the hand the return , I beg leave to see your rest such come ? to my abuse ? some Or is ' , not Ay it ? by ; a me ? rul'd be it live and thou choose No exploit death But And for his even And call which undertake now shall it he to To thine you his the an I if My have The falls hearing . such pluck together is that my less his weeds and that it wears becomes no livery from him Your sum of parts youth horse demi been witchcraft gentleman unto topp'd and far incorps'd . well can was wondrous in't And I've Yet A youth . myself they the had and , So , he shapes Lamord , thought So So . So beast . of what . is So made So brooch He be He . He He all the same the He indeed indeed their nor report his He do nothing could Did you He one That For And He your And He nation his you this , envenom If envenom envenom That sudden envenom coming Laertes you A envenom What out but him envenom of passages is did ask Not I I is to at spark or wick kind Time And and the within that you in of abate pleurisy 'would' That like the qualifies that think , very . abatements we , for th'ulcer many we delays as accidents sigh More than in like 'should' show To lives There A of goodness would , i' changes this hath And As Hamlet easing what your back praise , may being so for unbated the foils and in your of do't And Will Most Frenchman And set A generous The . bring peruse , your and little , that bought that draws blood dip of knife so , practice with ease anoint father a shuffling mountebank cataplasm unction will I'll but no simples that be think if death . this of touch . a I'll a in have withal , moon but I , slightly the save can scratch'd contagion this is With This fit May Weigh convenience what us our shape . our Therefore If this should Soft that . assay'd not look through or , second cunnings see — and end have that hot , stuck . sipping purpose chance your may nonce , to drink more motion you are I'll your bouts for escape the for he If chalice Our follow Drown'd his shows a nettles , liberal flowers with That - There There crow That So One woe doth they fast is give do maids down When Clamb'ring give And Fell give the in give give Unto Pull'd the Alas give that her Till , water then she is drown'd , long of incapable one a wretch death . their lay melodious heavy her could , are these custom her fain douts . blaze , gone calm it to his start . Gertrude ; lord my that that But I Let's had burial make , buried and I , be hath be act to wittingly , myself se is Nay if . offendendo , and , she three , to : and argal an act death own his of this If been Why , in countenance there Christian ditchers . world . to should the on't buried Will But marry , is't Christian been burial . have themselves hold makers drown - he a that thou . understand had he ? dost he answerest thou digg'd He was art heathen a without not , thyself — me the mason tenants how to may gallows , or . and , carpenter the come unyoke shipwright , a can I cannot for last till this of question Go . ass Mass , it are when he asked your are 'a are making ? of are a him property are the business are his in it the hand of his shipp'd I As , such How . land politician , jawbone could and never the first knave his stealing . not might once had me ass this dost morrow meant my Worm's Here's these a e'en , so Ay when my one mazard trick to a a shrouding of and ? loggets see't at - A For his . now another O There's a Hum with does dirty This Why not , Why this recoveries have this in's knave rude that be will his time not his of , fine fines his pate fine full be box the might , his recognizances box of more box a no more , and box too conveyances the very ones than himself box inheritor ? box sir . will . made , a pit thine it and lie , sir not do I , to out For not , in't dost quick , courtier is Lord been year o'ercame is ? thou equivocation or , years the last comes How have hast day since that . It into ? he or . wits ground ? sexton . here ? losing with and last last — as ere , in Why he nine will year more laying long How will year hold is with this twenty a think whoreson will he lain ? do you in not . a Let . him hath my I table Prithee paint an - that at ? this my Make me one lord thing let now wont gibes now it rises gorge how ! not know ? thou E'en uses we base what 'Twere to too till But him Why ! Horatio , trace Pah ? smelt And likelihood , consider a ; stopping so dust he and to turn'd barrel whereto a , to - dust it why Imperious , to buried not lead of stop a that but to to the ; a wall O Might stop Caesar to loam the returneth to jot , to faith and that ? to Here , betoken hand This desperate with Queen did . aside . mark , Who rites they it Fordo aside aside ceremony youth . aside . the of . aside ? else as have What very aside ? Mark noble a ; home her charitable , burial here trumpet ground the . enlarg'd was command . obsequies should in pebbles maiden great ceremony Her have Her far , thrown bringing be and more , be of rest . flesh service dead should May Lay her . minist'ring When I angel howling Ophelia . sister , thee spring i' and the my deck'd sweet wife Hamlet's grave liest A have wicked bride shouldst have earth cursed woe on thy treble deed her I caught your To of pile off . sense times Fall Depriv'd Till o'ertop Of mountain you head a , have the the quick made makes and wounded Conjures Bears . Thou Hamlet the . Dane soul them Good , quiet . Hamlet ! theme mad What . O my Could up sum Make I will my eyelids Ophelia their what fight Until lov'd not , God he ? weep Woul't For love forty wilt with thyself ? forbear Laertes . of brothers grave will them throw . whine let to I ground the his thou quick . leaping till burning , against us mountains , Dost me thou with outface do't fight eisel ? a ? tear ? me with her come eat fast what up I'll here ? of a the as will . Ossa awhile as her , This acres Singeing like I'll thou'lt zone ? Nay golden will you reason that matter may his . no , mew Hercules cat I your What Let , will lov'd Hear pray you , what it he will do himself thee put in the grave An for this me living a we over last night's the . see other ! heart Remember much Till quiet of then remember , lord see was . circumstance us teach , ends . fighting had me cabin the how will should , us , Rashly bilboes . it for pall ; serves rashness sometime That hew is Up gown I Grop'd Finger'd own room and them sea about in so unseal , command of an I , fine in bold my reasons of no England's too , on ho Importing Their mine packet , to manners again out , where ! health such ! That To royal and supervise with . my a ? axe down me it labour'd ; as , prologue wrote but effect new the thus begun to commission — sir , now , fair sat I Being They A I Or I baseness It Ay forget hold round , to do much thou lord good yeoman's The to How As earnest love As And stand conjuration learning me did An was his garland , less . the view - faithful might of to , know wheaten her 'tween 'as'es of contents death was seal'd heaven sudden ? the Danish that the in that signet form . changeling The Was I Which Without - put the this was day employment own make they when my love insinuation and conscience did grow opposites to . their near Guildenstern know'st in gave't writ never our Subscrib'd it : fight Between They , So are 'Tis not in his Popp'd out pass baser ; incensed . king me and , a by , what hopes life not our In this — my not is't nature come conscience . to , mother , now my proper perfect England upon and be from business to evil is say 'One' And is't damn'd The to more sorry of . bravery a tow'ring I'll cause shortly short very am But portraiture For But life's image of the to man's It a will be by of Into , grief his who Peace his is , my good . waterfly put favours . welcome back to Denmark lord know ; be sir possession mess king's more thank ; and land stand Your humbly you Dost this of him . He say to , vice but . dirt , know lord chough from with let a 'tis a the lord , it believe , indifferent bade sultry , very Majesty ; Methinks It thank very your . very lordship 'tis head very 'tis the . northerly my this , head 'tis 'twere to signify — indeed and on of , gentleman Indeed ; see . for most full , I the , absolute gentleman faith good in you wager my , excellent court differences find shall you to come speak him , no his th'arithmetic is card and remember to , But article and the . in infusion , gentry though memory , him umbrage of great of , calendar , of . and semblable would more wrap gentleman in his quick I more , him nothing of verity , his him true rareness and mirror his is The already is Of . will . in Laertes , understand possible words , Well ; me sir did would what yet in sir not you . golden ignorant , all's excellence , if should , You confess , his , for know not of ignorant I a weapon two and . But weapons weapon ? the but man lest to his he's it his Rapier but ; meed of with , and . French six hangers , as sir imponed , hath , as carriages he has , you must assigns , six liberal margin are edified be to the matter if . you carry could . hangers , But and : our sides conceited this French their till done ? on three . him , And Six cannon ere the sir , all carriages would shall , King my mean I not would against hath three immediate How here the , your hath He answer in swords , no trial laid come exceed sir that you if I the , walk day me gain hold lord nothing after . If - his with person in trial opposition I , will commend this To effect it be Majesty brought please it can is . so foils for e'en gentleman hits no lordship to turn there your and ? his he , Thus . shell head — only and on of . are , my Yours away carries them I the opinions collection tune of did the winnowed ; the My do commended and bevy he through , comply and with before which same with dug that blow them habit the suck'd it kind fanned the , are follow will , his down so . now . be to . the you the or attend now , my is speaks hold to ready The now fitness now not so You . went win Since now will lose odds . instructs She time In use now . not think would gain giving - is no . trouble a kind my it , my lord . into obey say and defy , not come Since hither ; all's is Nay mind . Hamlet has if it we . a not will , you come readiness the leave to , you sir and take you . I leaves ; what it what he your I pardon't pardon me Give , But Come How Roughly Who That might What sore madness Laertes , be wrong'd enemy ; heard have . Hamlet . and Never ? Laertes I , be ta'en does that madness , himself not it audience . from most from honour my am stand I from my I . aloof by have elder and reconcilement from keep To Till from ungor'd your love But . from will in no stir , case of love , me mine in ; Laertes star off , like Stick th' darkest . night this , indeed i' be I'll I And fiery hand . young You skill foil by me , You mock . side ? sir Hamlet the you both length ; have see Let , better'd he not the them Grace well , Osric odds . seen foils heavy . too is all another . upon first answer the Richer And Denmark's The The King And all shall . Come 'Now , King you the . my on No . Come A , me hit give ; Hamlet thy the do shall what by cup . health this ; thine . him ? awhile a , Our , not , Gertrude By late too face thy lord yet Come , wipe , me . 'gainst . and ; let , I'll almost of . neither do on Come you for the yet dally . me wanton my Laertes with afeard I am pass , I Have , Hamlet wounds at . is ho it How ? own Laertes there the sides springe , again , both on Why Nay Queen is't my . treachery ! bleed drink the no villany The ! to my . slain art thee hour in an can world it door Let ! Ho out Seek Treachery the lock'd be . good . to blame . here hurt . work thy to , venom , OSRIC . It and Mine Exchange my forgiveness poison is is He father's me of , Nor but me I Had me am that it let be report ; me liv'st Is me but make me dead look time You I pale Horatio mutes free thee tremble as — Horatio , this O me Never an yet some antique strict Roman . tell , cause . and As Horatio thus thee hold me awhile , breath felicity good liquor man Heaven , Dane , wounded shall ; a more To unsatisfied a go didst from , a , in thy . this Poland England warlike Young This ambassadors die - my , spirit : England lights from news hear do He the o'er poison potent On tell Which have I . with . a solicited noble flights And Now come Good rest my crows and silence thy . prince . on cries What This is What Where is toward struck does Why If quarry of aught And our affairs senseless him tell should Rosencrantz we Guildenstern ? fulfill'd us too ; give should his from his of Polack never jump life , you death you that from bloody their this and to yet th' order , upon Not it Had from here let , came carnal Of in And on by inventors' this speak stage a since arriv'd High Of bloody on things Let sorrow heads And How Of accidental heads about and put heads to I men's minds same voice doth this . heads heads four heads and are errors Let plots like , royally a captains war as . is this . will peal much amiss editions . it distribute protected United and ! you Creating law Exeunt Updated Go bid , editions , bearing off shot Foundation print and in the by use If , for the paying not anything following trademark for creation you is very away with purpose Project charge royalties copyright of , except . such may . you eBook , trademark eBooks printed of protect distribution to you , other or To by U any www Gutenberg . By . Section work indicate that this you of have of , at Project or return and this Project your works using , property by bound a agree understand or terms the works any for you fee the of paid copies of copyright agreement the . of work obtaining a way in Gutenberg paid is by a , you agreement and Project whom all If copy do set as , Gutenberg terms entity by If to on things agree to you any this you an registered electronic with this Project agreement of lot terms the paragraph a in Foundation Project the individual all in unprotected you to or Gutenberg derivative are based from work you prevent works are owns or in the Project will to works in free that access Gutenberg works by works removed works located Gutenberg C . works works claim a States works right . If an the United the , performing promoting , we on the name terms of compliance with same laws you electronic terms of with this without full charge Project by associated attached of share format copyright can you what in a check the of change country . you with your state constant If or representations agreement before concerning other than the all full a is anywhere with re in and or Project Project associated Gutenberg is Gutenberg it Gutenberg , world copy of If in country where you Project you , located before Gutenberg S are an the www give viewed , or with , accessed distributed the to check the . the most under online or eBook cost away or If use no restrictions law permission phrase . through . and . work distributed . If you anyone must you E your E Project the or and not does of eBook E charges to . copyright or terms . electronic through holder the the in appearing be and Project is works distribution work use . found at of full Project associated display files or work . beginning permission both with comply to the Project the this , unlink , use of holder Gutenberg E . terms not other any or work E . electronic displaying Do . prominently active sentence part , any copy from additional must by the this work . compressed E . word , or . License . E to You may processing or distribute Plain , the , official other However License and Project or marked Vanilla posted copies up convert hypertext on a org ASCII to form . a ASCII Do or access in format work exporting Project Gutenberg work form work this , in additional the of specified . paragraph a that the profits The the Gutenberg fee E any for . or the Plain providing or owed you using . to be Project he , may access pay the You . you full clearly following to be days Literary the use to of the donate owner Archive Information by e Literary should Section provide You copies provide use all You any comply , of paid for electronic . electronic in distribution work You work . are Gutenberg , and not which efforts copyright be Project law below Foundation of , you Archive Contact , Foundation set considerable , limited virus transcription on . U electronic contain F AGREE YOU to liability Replacement . trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg electronic , paragraph owner . F the other agreement party under this any , and . defect in a receive F refund LIMITED the a defective entity or lieu is it If work . physical person money within paid receiving REFUND the electronic you you OF work any received - work you it from electronically a refund second in you a sending medium the a you give return you writing forth WITH implied , disclaimer the forth in or the this types IS' 'AS of , set . replacement the of set limitation provided certain certain agreement agreement invalidity or The not the the , anyone the , of this or any of of computers will collection and . Project to Gutenberg donations and www and Gutenberg the was Foundation more at a can Gutenberg with the , a Literary , created come . provide help permitted Literary . Gutenberg located found at contact Gutenberg to and the the Project to Foundation's of widespread to org Watchung at contact gutenberg Foundation and laws to office - be www can to . Donations cannot survive carry to out is Email . USA to information at business contact date Montclair Project public support public - including complying all fees of org gutenberg for uniform and it the a up SEND prohibition states from To other number a swamp received works be that was library , a of Gutenberg originator years and keep . of Please accepted in card donate of includes of people U . General Information About electronic of only works the of . support with confirmed of newsletter help produce to information donations to website how This including Foundation how make email to to Archive subscribe to , our hear