Stand . Who's Long Stand me . Stand ? Stand 'Tis struck come You now Stand relief Stand For Stand Not Stand a them Who , my Well you of watch good night , haste is . make Marcellus ? there . and bid , Horatio rivals I Barnardo Say Holla what Barnardo good who night . you Give , my , Horatio . thing not , piece of good . A him appear'd this Welcome but entreated the I let 'tis And Therefore , of him Horatio sight belief have our if watch again dreaded this will have minutes twice this along night come appear awhile , Sit once again and this That With And us so two have seen it . 'twill eyes speak to ears , comes — again . where bell it figure , beating Marcellus myself that's and same off the Most It What sometimes is By ? It . away stalks . heaven that usurp'st this night that would be spoke . which the majesty it , See offended of buried charge time of thee thee not I Denmark ! charge ! and Without not , Before What think I sensible own and might something You will ! on't this avouch . eyes King ? on combated he thyself ! true not look pale . like the ; He frown'd what for daily subject most brazen the of tell implements Sunday this shipwrights , with from night might make Doth At Who the So And And down , whose cast the labourer can That even as to this prick'd side ratified ; our by a , joint is't that the , Whose whisper know by but now Fortinbras world by and life , as the cov'nant ; his , seal'd , law by his which the seiz'd of King of by which had , other strong by our this , lands enterprise some full , design'd , article hot lawless no , there our , so King the wars . eye of in tenantless watch the and most and armed was it A is trouble high stood gibber the of question that these mind's so portentous this , dews Neptune's and palmy to mightiest influence trains of the precurse omen it illusion comes of , again Stay ! and it though hast earth thou If there I'll may earth If earth thee thou earth , cross earth earth soft But earth which For Which in womb in thou privy to thy speak , uphoarded ! O Stay you it they I To offer For it And our is it do wrong the blows as show majestical , mockery when summons , fearful that Upon to is and shrill trumpet sounding or in and the a speak , day . I to have guilty like or . object erring made truth . of spirit the . to the is russet . strike charm , tonight advice , it we what ; to we our , young dumb in fitting this ? hill . to with it mantle by him acquaint loves spirit you consent impart us do't we Where pray find Laertes Let's As , shall shall hearts be To of woe nature . kingdom , marriage dole joy . our dropping a this 'twere , delight and , young herein in , eye dirge with one warlike our . our of wisdoms , you our disjoint late supposal be dream the not hath Or Holding , to With better equal Now Our to . For know dear of of bonds worth thinking this He Now Thus To the ourself valiant , this is Colleagued our for those lands him . is is levies scarcely here much of law have this is bed : is So , and his gait and subject of good is For , of nephew's purpose proportions : further The is Who Of herein Cornelius , his with and We all ; Of these , and told shall of some , reason What is head That lose In CORNELIUS nothing news things let , speak . be hand not What And You your The Than favour my have , France , than kind you , Laertes spend Laertes to consent Laertes Laertes die must dust lids Laertes Denmark hang ? Laertes , off thy with friend Laertes vailed a cast , thine Do And not ! Nay my 'Tis Seems Nor windy the haviour moods , No with , Why customary inky ; suspiration of solemn know not seems I is it , black alone can the commendable and are the dejected me but denote Together These To To It An impious will is and be simple stubbornness must vulgar unmanly course grief mind thing and , to to peevish our we understanding obstinate condolement 'Tis a A As the should heart to Why ? we a , dead against it 'This This From must Take be so corse and most fathers . first a the father of death Is , of reason , As are is impart back to bend in bears Wittenberg son , our you comfort cousin of to eye remain Hamlet to not and , Madam reply . you cheer Here , son , prayers go health jocund a Denmark unforc'd ; 'tis with madam Hamlet ; today of , whereof tell , nature garden ! world a flesh . flat , self that resolve into Everlasting , Or His two Visit That So I satyr a , nay ; king not might excellent dead seed 'tis ! O God to , him father's woman on earth and would . face too the of , my not ; and Why of , yet , followed beast A all which not , Must he , if increase ; winds roughly , Frailty or , ere my — that — but of no , Within like mine reason shoes within is name were she , uncle body — father tears , even married ; father's Ere But Than I to not my heart such . it , left Had With It break is same poor that Marcellus My am And glad in see But truant would that ear your do you disposition But I very A Nor shall yourself I you make good To to mock came prithee I lord not I teach thrift Horatio the I think do was Thrift , had I , mind's my My Or Did Would saw Where eye I was He I man , a in . Who like saw his him take upon think Saw I while may I I I I , watch their of I night . hear to marvel witness of let A on these had Barnardo the pie , march , to , in the kept did watch time and father true your . knew , night third secrecy speak each made both ; it we where watch ? this ? the motion then I As to But And do did let think we the it it made answer lifted from it . me ; duty in true . our . it of , Both , Arm'd do , sirs you indeed Hold We MARCELLUS Arm'd , say lord . tonight the watch BARNARDO and beaver my saw O What , he ? up his a tell . Stay'd it . upon eyes his Most would Not when Longer was It , was I 'twill I Perchance warrant it And will silver'd sable platform 'twixt , twelve . visit your the requite I Upon , Our arms play mine your duty them necessaries , sit doubt My loves foul earth o'erwhelm soul , to foul Farewell benefit . favour blood , of primy minute so but more . more a in alone you must besmirch fear now ; own temple grow . doth and soul : to will his weigh'd his no inward bulk . is soil subject will ; crescent it No depends , do be circumscrib'd ; choice . loves , your ear credent what particular further ; open treasure his withal sustain sister shot in loss of far my beauty rear her itself Virtue And blastments their galls the the of your moon strokes the disclos'd youth . or affection of spring . of , though , imminent lies best , to dew none , lesson to libertine , pastors treads dalliance good safety keep brother ; of some heart father double upon ? in sits Laertes , There . smiles sail , your few these stay'd are Yet you double I too long stay Be any unproportion'd thought thy . tried of ; quarrel a hatch'd of being steel act his judgement thy , as , not , thy thy thee that : may , but fancy thine thy in habit man Of may But may each entrance man's express'd censure may ; oft of both thine canst For Are may of And may oft dulls . my tend leave in self night to false the and select borrowing The Most And : I you , Farewell 'Tis in my you , key the Farewell hath yourself something Ophelia you Given private your of Have it , What well so , been he me As is behoves Give of not my time told the very you hath — so on late you I me . girl ? them call you as perilous You He Affection you between hath you I'll not — crack importun'd you'll a me . poor love . the tender he , of wind yourself pay dearly fool do I his honourable fashion with to go , heaven . woodcocks , lord ; making this time - something Be your a Set so much to entreatments in him . For he is Hamlet , soul both , their show brokers , extinct it is your believe Breathing The not Not of mere better may with scanter parley ; of unholy investments Lord Ophelia young that tether In suits is . slander or charge obey Have shall air The It air it . eager very cold . near mean held my his ; reels upspring of trumpet thus takes , Rhenish . bray out here native and perform'd though and of wherein chances at indeed marrow they nature phrase . observance , not complexion some too forts and of cannot , nature vicious the or be fault general the infinite — man censure substance . a of grace as as take dram doubt , defect ! charitable blasts goblin from , thee tell , hell damn'd or to speak com'st wicked ministers spirit of of or defend us shape Hamlet , nature , desire ground it . with courteous . with you It As , But means , with it . a what To not speak then my will lord . fee to do a be Do No removed fear the pin's the of the forth me tempt dreadful And Which Or my . it lord , it of sovereignty base into Think horrible the , It That What Be Hold , The fathoms I'll hands . go , cries fate rul'd . gentlemen I hardy call'd say , away ! imagination ghost He waxes am By , heaven I ; follow Have after is To in the issue rotten Something state . direct of this fit lets with , will follow me ? Heaven Nay will go no , I'll further to hear unfold hearing shalt . hear thou when . serious , part thy my purg'd , I for am the And , Doom'd foul and the , harrow Are tell a thy eyes each this flesh didst and But ears of Make To thy If ! the and it strange , best unnatural . murder ; love wings with , that , know't As meditation Wouldst serpent given in itself out stir forged that a stung Rankly The , that Mine uncle wears but that crown father's life power , adulterate that wit his , my — won falling in love wretch whose Upon it a O That I Brief But such a thin And natural The The And like most my , smooth vile droppings So . brother's milk did . blood , sleeping at hand dispatch'd , my queen a sin loathsome mine of with blood courses the doth into eager with vigour crown even lazar , Of Thus of in unanel'd to most bear Denmark , my once ; imperfections on , account , at Adieu and 'gins worm her . that her this soul lodge near me . adieu , of host all And hell ? O , up Remember not grow heaven shows O fire bosom to heaven , once well leave ; Fare pale the his , bear away all globe memory thee , memory all there pressures ? holds Remember of ? past ! shall my seat thee observation a observation observation , observation , a Denmark brain woman observation set be in , smile sure . Unmix'd That one observation It So least am , uncle may . secure . Lord Heaven Within Hillo is't , lord noble ! my ? my ho , lord , my bird Come , news O No Not my , I you say ghost Why But a villain , Ay and , come all my heaven an needs , right are more you us tell without so it For Such These I'm but as ; wild Look it , we and — man business that desire you You And are whirling , tell vision , here , you , seen tonight not . my in , my , we have . lord Upon my faith . my stage so hear you , on Propose , of in . indeed there cellarage . the thou . my , oath Consent to Hic ubique lay by this hands hither Well speak of , night day , pioner Once more as things in heaven , shall , seeing we encumber'd , you Or 'Well to of in never hereafter antic - perturbed , my spirit commend I do a speak' know' by , list Or we grace That rest Swear Swear . man So me as . and Let friending to go cursed spite together you to it . us pray . Reynaldo will wisely and I are in expense what , lord well Danskers said well how and , know my son first , What By they Marry That know particular do company this encompassment your part at , And As And Than who what means , and ; Paris you distant his my may , mean , very — drift come nearer 'not , very there he's ; usual and take , noted youth To As , You drabbing , Quarrelling and and , As or Ay and as My you is and : the taints breathe a That not You , drinking fencing may and and The my That must not he you general they no Faith flash and may open savageness But good lord blood liberty of mind , I do , son drift . 'gentleman' sir , good , then 'Good sir , ' or you phrase and does I By At day marry ' ! Where , say you rouse , gentleman , perchance and , ' did the know consequence' in to say the , 'I and such with At , he out enter , wisdom assays . of directions with this . of you carp forth or of thus With Or closes 'closes the So son have ; you now sale' reach bias See . in . his ply him , let And lord the , my shall his Observe Well lord and Ungart'red No , in the have , with , chamber to purport in knocking , With To My , upon , his gyved love ? horrors Hamlet Lord shirt he if As look he a down head his stockings his each of out , been knees so - of his as He took with he , said but I me his fear so down profound me go , face perusal and all little it the he held of and his goes As And Then me his At And it to doors last with find . waving shaking such . Long so sigh head stay'd mine bulk , and end He He Come For , go Whose does , my good did our the And to This leads oft him letters better that hath he made him trifle , judgement , and but jealousy my to opinions mad heed his repel to . me our beshrew . him fear'd . seems As cast common Come which is it lack More meant to wreck beyond it To is , go proper ourselves being utter to younger our sort you you , provoke see use did need we much have Moreover ; The ; than that ; nor of hath ; heard man inward the thus himself up you ; companies in vouchsafe so of so your so you , to on time little Some ; draw him death What it . was of cannot So gentlemen Whether To much aught , And That since That I , more That as from unknown pleasures to occasion our not remedy glean thus . living you him talk'd , remembrance majesties more us . obey Than And give We ourselves To Guildenstern service our , up by too beseech and , to , freely and , son . where practices visit you . Rosencrantz is you . Hamlet to news my my Norway return'd good , mine , sure lunacy Hamlet's to — or of , God lord , Thou Th'ambassadors , my good . hold you father good : found to . feast bring queen , grace do Thyself He tells I doubt of sweet first The O fruit me shall but o'erhasty , my brother desires of what friends Norway suppress him to and sent our But Say Most nephew's return fair better against his from Norway hand he his of before commission three Makes ; th'assay before old falsely sickness arms Fortinbras Was arms rebuke arms To give vow Norway thousand to in annual fee arms Majesty . joy with against , arms Polack soldiers quiet against those shown . arms we'll ; business . further you for consider'd time down set well pass expostulate liege My What Through your of us more It at , and read our your you and Answer Meantime we'll time , time duty is and time mad . but else go matter to noble and ; that but it Your brevity , day tediousness but should night , brief is't call I be will I I What daughter and defective and the of it Or he For remains and , comes cause for find rather That Hath have farewell pity is the ill , given me phrase Who To and this I remainder whilst obedience gather , hear 'beautified' a . vile from her at that sun are be . most numbers most , to love . not believe is me place and , to it art liar O , whilst fire truth But am Ophelia Thine dear Doubt ill love in more But All hath As This they fell by out And obedience hath hath given how would and receiv'd When Before I If might a is mistress , love a the it perceiv'd dear heart I Or had Or no she done she he Admit repulsed Hamlet you look'd young my upon queen what , me your Or should herself then idle mute table or desk thus from fruits a and wail this by a we all And Thence Fell Which , 'Lord a , madness 'tis wherein you It to messengers lightness — no my advice , weakness ? Do Into Take this is , though it . centre Within Where If been Hath know be not be But Let no and assistant farm it wretch . give ? Hamlet away reading mercy , You I O you , a so lord . a know you Well , me picked . man be being lord lord my , Not to sun may Conception is , conceive say i' that by th' you For How me if . good but . fishmonger a daughter you a . words , gone . he as not Yet , lord my very grey thick purging my words sir with hams the is Words I'll . my have wrinkled slave not old go method air the of yet walk Will Aside Though you be sir I as madness grave my is , though I my in't ? which on so madness . the this I ; weak yourself you potently yet sir , it should . Into humbly , my . part more well anything delivered ? him leave leave of . Aside hits I my take often that of and my you Lord fools my life I except me will I , sir , My , You withal cannot dost friends excellent lord God . These Polonius Rosencrantz To lads How ! My soles my . Happy On lord As the secret Then of my about Then you is the ? favours her . or in , waist her . Fortune What have lord near your , Then Denmark in there think Denmark's . is 'tis makes To for prison either or king bad have , it nothing a ; me there th' many not you it in nutshell one . o' so it shadow but the ambition myself good . bad count dreams mind is it a that fay my , a a airy so are that the of shadow is . merely itself hold a our you . monarchs . we . matter such that I thanks my , speak the to an lord other speak visitation ; Come should . inclining are honest not beaten way of will in dear I am To . you visit I am me What friends your justly But we ? thanks it dear . to know the it Is , enough , teach me , even direct more , my and which me , good your , you Nay then , you love the ever preserved , for . What say . you ? obligation the by proposer of rights of a dear you Guildenstern have . mirth of custom , your forgone that promontory my , have . this heavily with brave , it this you If prevent no ; of how all ; god fire anticipation for feather were we so King the why ; to you my my shall frame goodly firmament appears most canopy the and it you a golden foul , apprehension Man not me yet how a and and how smiling was , lord though by your there dust My you the , quintessence angel , an in piece of work is no like , 'Man , Majesty — use be humorous coming I you so in in my on service his you laugh the shall shall foil target part verse halt ; sere ; shall th' tickle or , freely shall the ; that , the my hither plays He Why me clown those were to Their profit travel Even How chances it . those her whose they ? shall have lover peace the the in was they in eyases , that but on top is sir cry clapped , most tyrannically the keeps it they by both . the — that thither fashion scarce and ? Will they not escoted they are ? did it , many say them dare How common themselves no and the nation as do ? no while holds money wrong Will . come their succession writers ; a There both was players Who ? longer than means quality the pursue afterwards most no like , they lord Hercules and and Denmark is my O unless that boys . out , at a make not , him there is very strange his my ; in ducats hundred this Gentlemen fifty , you , are welcome There to - father players the appear like aunt which . and In north baby , a , lord entertainment ? deceived are . north see you sir the players . they swaddling clouts ear of out yet at , with , each his child to come My second he's right have a tell will Happily prophesy , morning of I actors came Then world each lord - cannot writ are , poem historical , comedy ass his . actor for , Plautus light , scene heavy , These , historical too , on the - nor are ? the . liberty historical , either treasure a Israel - pastoral , O Jephthah - he tragical law Seneca unlimited . he Aside my well he Why fair treasure judge , he ' a , on th' he passing and daughter he right loved . Still no he have . God you , daughter , where look valanc'd thee know like well see . lord was will abridgement , my to O , lot by As It thou lady the by , of cracked . the falconers ! am to . is Thy ? to your than anything you , when , since taste fly ring give acted is ladyship your altitude quality a in the speak e'en be to't within Come passionate ? us . never I as remember , it , in play , but pleased down set cried speech my received mine , than an the — matters as once I above once me heard not scenes there much loved and cunning , general such in tale Priam's it see thereabout — your it , of lines the to make indite live : as speech it called but Aeneas' of line , this : he ominous black purpose with arms horse light the did couched and in blood With their a murders With That and fathers , o'ersized Hath Now vile So spoken To Bak'd lend And eyes thus Th'unnerved Takes Of was father at Pyrrhus too the , and a flaming Ilium , match'd rage in command top his milky th'air , the rack and Pyrrhus , tyrant nothing against the as the after - work , Pyrrhus' the some the For this his painted seem'd ear base his , hideous lo to will eterne for Pyrrhus' Priam hammers sword , you thunder , take ; and general all bowl the nave down to as low , thou round out With Doth bold the Aroused The shall to And , remorse than Fortune synod In It He's too the tale come a too , a long too . or — sleeps Hecuba , too . of queen' good too queen' 'Mobled barefoot bisson the had too th'alarm all clout that ? 'The mobled lank in , with fear see have treason o'erteemed — steep'd in and stood and , A upon pronounc'd , then her made . and abstracts well the better the bad . live have a bestowed speak they see has milch clamour not gods the them at of in's Good . desert than of hear you epitaph chronicles Do this their ill time rest out while after merit them better , lord I report , Use more old . night I dozen Dost sixteen Very well ha't We'll lines , you my that Rosencrantz . night To O Is What's he force a Tears broken voice working so to his own ! suiting , passion conceit ; her nothing speech free , her her her her her I Yet , my king throat i' for gall it this me lie my it in pate my gives , and this ? with hell murder'd , be kites brave , very a like heaven dear vengeance ass an , the That And , like , guilty They so cunning of play , speak will scene presently , a at sitting whore I Must That Have by I'll tent my him mine uncle The and , and with I'll have such . this to . me potent play's of the grounds thing perhaps spirits damn the and yea my , King of puts he by catch More Wherein But Nor do harshly all his days , dangerous by no of lunacy this drift distracted ? speak . well gentleman forcing you him . our demands reply . pastime any out it on raught Did Madam - o'er , We Most you And , of hear did ; true , To And there it to This as think They in assay way night him a and it edge , me delights matter he gentlemen , And Good With Sweet father Will gather by as their , ourselves myself Ophelia shall drive sent sent For we have closely , Gertrude sent We so sent And Of bring That And sent To both his honours . sent him th'affliction your , so please virtues . happy I wish again your do Gracious . may way , this it ! true with that plastering my doth O him Than harlot's smart How a , beautied art Let's , natural end , question — outrageous say to , may consummation shocks to a against nobler to mind ? the , what perchance flesh - ache heir . To to the . shuffled heart to Devoutly That be to , by opposing of . the them and 'tis thousand sleep , man's the , calamity pause off dream of long proud of sleep dreams mortal life law's and unworthy these , bear , spurns takes life , resolution moment , fardels from puzzles bear country , that of regard currents turn awry their great with thus does How thank for well . day , humbly you , honour Good , long to not them . you breath well I receive No lord them ; poor givers my , these honour'd My made the gifts Take And never you , more for to the prove . Are ! There Rich As words things if you my , your of of force your a love your , for lord your better beauty I . proof your lord , me your This a your bawd virtue did sometime but once . the our . I ? so . it the was ; mother to give do none or between crawling I them believe your Where's as ? us shape . me beck am time of such very I earth fool nowhere to and to ways Farewell the but Be not thy . calumny , of escape needs . monsters too if Or . as give At shut O snow thou thou . restore plague for make God , jig enough well and , hath made it on't more yourselves another creatures , that as keep , God's Those shall what . noble , fair Th'expectancy fashion rose scholar's the no they are . wantonness you ! you say but , all sword o'erthrown eye the quite tongue , state here married To a see blown reason , I , harsh , wretched and , of quite deject his youth what see lack'd not and and the , the and most honey observers sovereign of most music me of out . that sits melancholy he ? do And O'er I his the hatch . little in though madness do tend , prevent to tribute with which , heart him puts in , objects his Whereon From This fashion It shall neglected not from need You Sprung his you us My all if Let grief shall him conference If alone , what her after with the as play him the you , not had torrent very , I acquire too to air passion , inexplicable a split capable whipped nothing Herod such smoothness whirlwind it Herods fellow the - say use all gently I , my but may may warrant ; the part , you not the your honour your Pray for avoid of as her scorn , feature was to hold the mirror up or very , overdone for at to the nature age anything the 'twere Now laugh one must own , the action I let , but the of make the unskilful pressure others having the nor , the neither whole — play o'erweigh seen and that pagan the grieve ; his own her , show off the the others the , have so of that there , this in players — play For is I O more it in though set altogether reform , too themselves down for reform'd we laugh , to Will King , this now And Queen too help of work . them . Horatio ho Here Horatio e'er my e'en and feed To Where thrift And let thee the pregnant tongue , should from I think I may . withal just conversation lord , thee good flatter spirits hear her her thou choice , flatter'd the thy lick absurd pomp knee thou the of . was men dear soul fawning hinges nothing are co well and that are those - are will much of heart buffets Fortune's suffering are are passion's for Give I the circumstance father's are Fortune's before in are my comes the my and near that are see'st the a And stithy after I For aught Well In we censure my will . idle , Ophelia , to theft be join seeming lord pay must this . the place . Queen I detecting . fares have , nor That No the Hamlet My say ? was and enact I was i' . me players ? so ready him kill Ay hither they Hamlet dear , good metal attractive . sit . Be . there ; lord my , lord . I meant ? maids' legs . my lord . are Nothing , is your , cheerfully my . do ? have for two Nay only how ! build churches months wear , 'For half months my lord . suit ? suffer O he not a , and his devil twice , a lady , on Enter kneels and her makes head and horse whose die let 'tis not , O , upon King's comes the Mutes four the pours him unto embracing for ears makes Anon in poison body of ; in a fellow her But , again Poisoner in , and . is awhile . comes , seems this means What the gifts mallecho The in passionate away carried King dead ; argument the miching imports players means . unwilling mischief ? lord the all ; they'll is show fellow by this this Marry Belike , my : the of keep cannot us show tell to you'll Will any , know shall what him . clemency your the hearing our , for and : the a posy 'Tis a We show of naught shame not , this Here brief About thirty times Neptune's And , ground been , done sick moon bands love ere are so former it my you me journeys may hands orbed with Since , But So Make Unite again Where as In us is cheer , Yet and o'er count commutual , women's love fear distrust far lord , great your though in proof . love doubts is what Discomfort fears great neither For , shalt powers thee , to you know wormwood . kill'd . accurst breast the my me ! kind leave functions their husband haply fair behind world as be first Wormwood . instances The , you break ; slave birth like , now Which the sticks grief or debt the validity to my husband now oft determine think you , but the most ; accident slender on revels for grieves grief of violence loves is Grief That This not doth what ourselves ending joy enactures own , question either great joy , with either aye or should Their most either joys even 'tis world What to us either fortune enemies ; friend tend favourite of a either doth , so fates and seasons needs not want end where I either run are , strange , love mark friends doth advanc'd man Whether love But And And , you his friend love makes poor Directly But To anchor's here break be . destroy my and and day trust be and the of face , I should it she My Sleep Madam like this never how , lady but she'll too , O keep ? beguile ? world no in't ; th' i' play methinks . that Let not image Baptista : wife what : play work of Duke's This touches unwrung the . but , his . a are piece the . the o' to You The What is name it King lord lord if . take worse . the see puppets could keen , dallying your and keen you Thoughts , cost are You — croaking . groaning a murderer raven and bellow Pox revenge time , midnight , rank ban natural life , The story how anon see ; property usurp for's very the wife my with rises of ? You lord is poisons th'garden and extant , the watch play must ; away of world , with ; a runs hart while deer , sleep go some the players if . lights Away . weep strucken ungalled and a . on roses Provincial whole dost thou Half one realm know I , and now reigns here was , This , O Horatio You Jove might Of For have very , take good I'll vouchsafe , Good my Is , whole history word with you to rather to his choler affair , sir frame , and hath affliction me sent spirit If it start not you you , you great you to most you are You you welcome do will of not and . you . say , such be , my mother answer into , you as . matter your admiration stonish obey She behaviour hath struck is you love us mother you the . your do friend . to the lack what lord you deny of is if you would . surely stealers for — bold my unmannerly a into something me . is you upon I , duty grows while me of sir I not my cannot you do be that lord if , know music breath with beseech skill of beseech utterance you any : Look your govern . beseech would know beseech make of out beseech You the of though , beseech think pluck , I am top to this little . you instrument excellent lowest , what , me a much . you Call make cannot mystery my ; yet to , Do you mass is Very Or It mother a and by a by a easily churchyards a By a Contagion very yawn . bitter a on not thy nature this Now drink breathes , day blood out of hell could Soft . said . world look speak and lose soul tongue them will soul hypocrites bosom let ; as business somever such soul somever daggers words seals give Let somever , England our estate somever may doth lunacies his Out near us of somever madness somever him his your to somever . us with safe it along hourly shall of terms The so We will ourselves feed armour upon your safe bound Majesty of ; many strength peculiar 'noyance The depend of and doth gulf mount a weal . but of the whose Fix'd Dies That huge on and pray you but , boist'rous adjoin'd you will and , My hear , We free upon . fear , this footed voyage , myself was arras going , I'll and . 'Tis , And is , my lord it you smells eldest I my , closet she'll his warrant I'll more dear , the offence can curse as business my be guilt brother's Though my It , stand And thicker a Pray as defeats I shall upon't strong double will you not , in intent cursed brother's the , begin , look to of offence I'll But past what's And ? in it To but My crown own which I me , up of murder foul I am but my what O white as enough itself with Whereto this but but the rain not there wash but but Can Or That effects mine be but gilded In but oft hand , did , of retain the and itself lies ourselves we and nature evidence it ! state Help that to his what give O ! and - O when , there the action compell'd : assay of babe . born Make , heart with be as sinews do To He his my , his . took son be to is he he That this To Up he sword know And At gaming , th'incestuous him and has no relish season'd , as thought thou or act , heaven bed his his No . stays and damn'd may salvation about his more pleasure And trip That This that asleep drunk swearing ; or heels be and sickly My of in't , of ; mother days black . here broad you and , e'en him stood home . go heaven mother him , be you him have pranks And Much . Within Hamlet , Mother , much father matter the . idle a wicked . husband's , not the Why you brother's those set I'll then And come and , may not not your that not a . You I ho , me . speak up you Where You , Nay Behind , Help do go ? Thou . of help ! wilt not ho Behind O not me A a I it deed what O , kill a A O As bloody , lady wretched Polonius I Almost as bloody and marry . Thou to of wringing Thou If me Leave And To . took let find'st thee for be wring your is custom kill ? against dar'st and thy me blush forehead oaths off wag I In A From the the takes of modesty love deed marriage O contraction religion doth doom . act act That and sweet face glow plucks mass thunders vows such body , as at index to , Jove this here what eye To . like Look world your was Here his your give A on presentment front like a This A lighted , was picture two brothers on , of threaten the seated station like Mars set you to form heaven and did , seem combination , leave what it's age have sense ; motion , the blood for reserv'd To Would , And this husband , is cannot , judgement mountain fair ? have you eyes at for the : would some hath hands sickly smelling sans thy blush no wax doth ardour compulsive her in in without Or not Could in Thou in there As Stew'd the in the in Over reason And into their grained soul . and sty sweat O words And see leave to an corruption such tinct of enseamed honeying . empire is , sweet and murderer more These Nay , A king . of and . in shelf put me guards . You . pocket diadem rule the . it shreds hover No more patches . he's he's Alas o'er me What not important in he's time of your passion tardy mad gracious he's he's say O he's and acting he's not Start up and stand eyes incorporal you at Your And Sprinkle bedded , conjoin'd Look you to for tears I upon to pale he how you . capable cause him Upon make stern To My Do true want that speak there see whom all Nothing , Why This is My And as yours music the I makes pulse Ecstasy ! It me word love re Mother . I That Would Lay not will gambol as flattering but to which , of the keep all is weeds , grace madness soul speaks the ulcerous to test , unction my yourself corruption but not That that skin rank what's For To Yea Whilst unseen avoid . doth , in part uncle's half other it or . eat this and fair yet is , monster night O Assume angel all you to with go But live Good , curb and woo for leave to do it , bed good , not tonight more next stamp easy nature , him throw . a mine have not who actions easiness Refrain frock a good and their with punish do I'll And either use And With I will I must , scourge and So , but , only cruel be I The To word remains lady . to be worse do , will : minister this hath desirous be to and For this it good . do : night good and , him bed to reechy not for a am him know , you , let , kisses out gib , I that , by him your cheek bloat on , all essentially in paddling That For No Unpeg To And try birds the in dear Let basket ? despite , in the famous top secrecy do would and a on and fly assur'd thou And What breath me if , England know that to no of life said hast thou on 'Tis so concluded be , seal'd letters trust as to forgot had I There's will and I the 't , O directly 'tis their go ? my work enginer , sweet most knave , the life draw , hard yard below . and most these These . meet counsellor grave ! your the What your your There's good what have Hamlet when both your ' a your deed heavy , good O so been your had And out The your in 'A and sea as Behind rapier , cries . wind ? Gertrude his is liberty , It Should To have This Alas yourself how man , us what restrain'd , to had , we there But ? some ore But But touch But deed is base metals weeps He pure Among . sooner But and all . hence , sun But of life of it keep To on draw whom a him excuse madness speak from Into seek I out chapel Gertrude him the , Hamlet , know untimely them done whisper what's let we'll Come And , majesty our hath closet . call , cannon o'er hit soul as the woundless air so haply diameter , O , world's what both , name , slander may away our mean to , come shot full is Safely Hamlet ? GUILDENSTERN Hamlet O stowed . Hamlet , done calls Within noise ? and . they ! come ? dead body to a , Besides own by lord my in , countenance , be King corner what needs , when , in what Believe should your replication , me the the and of be , jaw service you , where squeezing of it do officers soaks up best ; the not . thing is body not speech knavish tell us , all not body not — the but the nothing not Of . you not must , Yet How have lov'd not like . Who . sent to . the is bestow'd body from him at Or appliance Deliberate This How We where , is us . pleasure your to him ? in my before guarded , Bring Without ? else at e'en eats where are creatures ? but Alas hath eat , alas of hath ? thou dost ? this ? worm of with you ? through guts progress thither you of how shall place . him lobby Attendants He To is If Polonius But nose . yourself indeed up go him . come till and thee ; and purposes thou and come for , and Farewell and and knew'st ! and . you seal'd Pray . for not and Thy father my at Father is so . flesh . and it speed hence with him is th'affair everything give and , coldly free not sense awe raw conjuring which thou imports effect done begun . rages know were in . Till my my must present And Howe'er We And will I let do't know express him , whose How are of some part sir sir Good They , powers softly Go , pray of addition the not it , no with and some old , a profit , Fortinbras sir , of to in no speak it against Or pay ranker , Goes for to Truly gain it it five go five Nor To yield should Polack the th'imposthume not Will Why , it Yes debate the That I'll And man How A large not reason Now godlike . such market his a , it whether craven on some scruple wisdom , means or by this army or prince or or or , or a great and exhort the do not , and , ambition and the danger dare , be the the the forth , the for and . time this worth a men thousand my and while fantasy like , be continent , stain'd is slain bloody She Her hide Whereon the numbers tomb nothing . with hears her says , speaks . but th' much she What She tricks enviously speaks of at , speak indeed needs carry i' world Yet would there nods think nothing good one sure conjectures spoken and unshaped half the her were 'Twere as The to fit they of use collection words winks botch There's , spills in prologue , as is full sick It true some How , of great - is , in to now How his By mark . staff this and ? Alas White Nay his heels dead He his At , Nay a green stone — snow ; go the lord here look his shroud Which bewept sweet , all Larded With They know ! you , we may be a , you ask what this you her pretty was what dild we you Then this up he rose and dupp'd have this means words Conceit not , no this . when , his door more this this Let , this an out this on't to't blame you , Alack without they ! me , end . sun to , to tumbled yonder bed me be patient . cannot choose shall my brother My , good Come ; sweet your good counsel come done before do't are she We thank close ladies it , would Follow , her of weep hope hadst not must I good poison death , in But All ; so be How . to this night him night night . and the he her O good grief ; pray ladies the her her of . son own the - death to all mere judgement Poor but whispers ; author single not come they father's is Of , Polonius' hugger In , brother And Feeds Her and is of his beggar'd , his himself keeps as Without on good to Wherein in to of stick is this a . With are Alack me in arraign to . door ? a rabble now , them ? matter lord begin , king , ' , the king it tongues , hands , The not young your Eats Than , ocean , The props ! the on , Laertes applaud Laertes to , The is , Where 'Laertes shall be ' . you . without broke Sirs Danes me leave king thou . me the to blood Give you thank I Cries Even that's mother , like the my here . my , proclaims , cause . such , giant Gertrude is my There's can Why thou art him Acts thus treason divinity . Where of little . not Let To hell Conscience he ? comes throughly Most what grace ! dead damnation , dare Let come worlds . I this I'll allegiance not And all husband know death That the for ; both Who shall , arms pelican . my ? rendering true . gentleman death , it . come in your eye in and your grief father's your eye , of . brains and shall the turn the , O rose itself of where times weight fine , wits by man's 'tis life maid's an the mortal him , could wits nonny They on Fare thou , it ! that's , is document a becomes down that's ; and thoughts columbines There's I Sundays for . daisy died rue difference may We for there for And here's must . you . give you and ; some fitted . O made you itself , bed . to no Thought bonny is , to joy again again is he not favour , turns She affliction poll as he will , beard Go was gone mercy I your pray his on we , Christian ha' He His God And cast is , will you will our you and friends . whom us our or we ; by kingdom that hand me ours ye , you choice Make And you content Be crown to life To Our of To No No you in by touch'd means , nor , this it due , to bones , with . death His to Cry , sword nor question with go would they with letters are part in they . what should do I Let him bless you please . you name be . thee th'ambassador am thou him , Reads . days . two some at sea King , a let shalt for have like of fellows repair to for them . will make became them very warlike put the . I am have bring the dumb their course are they have They dealt were Ere him instant On hold Guildenstern the of bore . much to thine thou thee . Farewell . for good as knew thou have have . much , yet . boarded But alone the much as I so mercy . they thou turn with matter and Rosencrantz him you , you I have do't Come Now That Pursu'd my life with me heard which It you well appears But . and wisdom capital your heart father and hath crimeful proceeded he and So not in all up reasons mainly safety your and O may me you perhaps by to You you And you have and so , me tell slain and , special and Queen , and for be , looks are two his , mother might I general but ; either The other life my they stirr'd his strong it my public dipping , I could to his gyves great And Whose Convert That her For Break can But mount noble ; so that loud bow father go of challenger perfections let it we not think your , I And That And hope now father shortly , Sailors were my From your that lov'd They , given lord , Tomorrow and Laertes to Letters Reads kingdom shall by you sudden asking first Or What 'High should in a postscript you Know some ! 'alone ? in to the , and no 'Naked . hand Hamlet's ' says heart his ' . let teeth sickness lord my diest ? my , you If That It live shall I So To his , now no shall but will I , at to not be so lord even But Under for call shall accident ; practice device ; your that And have You did is very A Importing Than The too in the . from of a for , hearing and less , such . shine you not What light and riband , age can witchcraft wondrous , a gentleman horseback on and and health part Here seen Had And I've myself well in't And was As With the he been incorps'd So what short forgery far he Norman Lamord . indeed . the nation , rapier in your 'twould be sight indeed nation , brooch . same is report of nor him — play to could so motion them nothing out Now Your Hamlet coming this of my of envenom Sir o'er That And , out are Why What sudden he you you face know you I like your a ? time of flame of fire by proof it abate it . in own That still goodness a accidents many we , are sigh , pleurisy for , abatements at is nothing or . and this But is a , delays hands are hath yourself th' your you deed , quick throat . church would when To cut place , you Will The We'll set you gave shall bring you the your you keep a And generous the not with ease remiss excellence praise varnish double know good are shall close But within fine of from , bounds do Hamlet on wager heads free and Requite that I I mortal Where Under moon that it Collected for from all can I gall . be save simples cataplasm so from that may pass . point death virtue have a thing slightly , an dip but , this This With the what us May that make he make a in motion , nonce the calls wager on , this project him our blast your he As did We'll this If fit And Weigh that our our that , Soft your I One fast woe How And Drown'd ! a where drown'd ? another's O aslant , sister's , chance ? a his the did , she make purples them , herself coronet , in But our cold brook . trophies do the to on in glassy grows brook like one As weeping mermaid When hang , weedy her sliver broke . be lay death is . melodious ? then To garments Drown'd thou my tears . poor , hast forbid ; it When , she she , she she I is And Too she of much therefore she give I Now she when burial again ! Gertrude follow fear be is unless her and defence ? salvation to she How se , wittingly offendendo . be hath I , tell she , to be is but water drown But . water this , not go man , shortens if , himself , water that ; the , herself do , you , hear he Ay Will the , should in thou drown ? marry But even the gentleman : that no ? was He ditchers , says a art to he bore another carpenter , put . confess he well good thy like well It ? wit maker builds or gallows gallows stronger thee church ; gallows may how . thousand well the ill But ? does a come Now a , well do builds the Ay than cannot your . question , not will say thee 'a mend dull next doomsday of ; sweet get his he sings sense daintier , at . knave did , such , sing How this it not ass now the that once steps stealing clutch the been Cain's had might one's ? courtier of murder it a ground This th' to such a horse which meant lord my be might now with . sexton's and good It could might 'Good . lord Ay - a - Or lord 'em these my he to , fine Here's . and a spade ? Lady no to think we an the a a and such knave his the ? battery his of lawyer him a tell guest not will , his his and guest , vouchers his tricks be about tenures guest vouchers dirt The , guest purchases his more pair Is . lands scarcely indentures and , guest him of land and knock guest his skull a , action , fine of in of of Is a no more and inheritor too Will his his the , double double the great buyer full his time fines of my of and sheep to box must - that . in . meet is guest for clay pit They not my O thine lie think You For dost be on't do say quick I of I a , lie not to What quick the absolute was By that For dost man us undo near the heel of the th' been he We sir , the all the How One that Horatio so Lord it courtier galls Hamlet long since and is . mad Fortinbras to't — his i' year days , Cannot , be 'Twill strangely his with mad he men as , many as will last rot ere pocky have you and , man boy — die , he he , you than so And hide Why he is his year your will . that sore hath in lain ? the keep whoreson earth decayer - do rogue Nay for pestilence on . This him . that E'en This fellow's Yorick's not , was know ! was ? Alas Takes a skull same see . fellow ! know is it your ? now one to roar you . mock chamber must , flashes how , me , poor , hung to Quite chop that in He I , set ? fancy . him knew those excellent Yorick , now Here at ? grinning lips table her that , paint ? looked fashion so E'en And so lord What's that Alexander ? smelt Why consider . so it to he Horatio not bung trace a my ! lord enough - imagination ; clay wind the - whereto he the world turn'd barrel is Alexander . thus ; to keep beer of dust into dead aside wall earth a stop returneth why ! hole a patch loam to a ! The Fordo , O Imperious Might that that , awhile But it following Mourners corse such they Couch is What that but She should And have we maiden Her , burial . virgin be charitable death else noble ? have and trumpet in the flints here more unsanctified far the of . and rest , order lodg'd , done on dead such service peace fair shall thou A What , angel fair unpolluted flesh priest . to the sage sing to her her . minist'ring spring When I thought violets flowers thy Fall times deed off her Hold wicked quick a the thy have - shouldst the . to Ophelia thou And Till of To o'ertop pile have Depriv'd O , you . of ? and phrase or mountain once the thee Till Now Conjures Bears an wonder thy Grappling hearers I Yet hearers though I in fear . asunder wiseness hearers them my hearers dangerous hearers ! be hearers my Why , lov'd . mad , of brothers theme upon longer theme is thou sum not he their wilt do , thousand all woul't O , love woul't woul't ? Woul't To woul't buried And I'll me her Dost with thou eisel woul't . thou Singeing a This will the as sit woul't are . mouth , him disclos'd drooping you me . wait his dove , will the Hercules I is . you lov'd We'll matter put This Till An Good I Strengthen of shall set in ; monument we see me . the kind sleep there , my the let So , do Remember all Now . was lord circumstance ? of ! I . to I find them about scarf'd gown out , Finger'd - from certain cabin , fine , desire the , bold so unseal , dark , my That is them withdrew reasons , found I where ; mine own fears Oh Their My not That With on ! Importing ho , royal many stay the grinding off struck , and my bated , leisure at . round a my , I how ? me read hear beseech conjuration King , garland wheaten palm , might . know . safely , day this sequent it purse , ordinant seal the of plac'd form up in of Now . and ; know'st what , to the gave't writ the Why Guildenstern make . Rosencrantz did their and make mighty a king stand , pass 'Tis make make make with this this make , th'election . to not him th'election mine England from is to Horatio th'election ; damn'd th'election , life perfect come th'election see , th'election 'One' say . good forgot cause his . who right is lordship thank No you I is and let a for a 'tis the in ; the fertile mess ; beast to you spirit . possession ; king's the at land at use right with at lordship it if at were , at receive thank , sultry hot my at for as hot is at your 'tis very . complexion 'twere cold very sultry me . is his I court differences faith good my lord wager lord Methinks great to come in for believe him him the no respect dearth such is extolment yaw Sir the what card part memory But umbrage diction great sail quick perdition , he would be a make his in Is't not possible imports Of is you ; approve know golden ? of ? him , I , yet are not did , compare were but know a lest , meed his , in his , he's well is ? laid But rapiers horses ? weapon unfellowed well Barbary French very very conceit responsive to . the , are the carry . three But . and against you bet their call , the ? and him cannon it lordship would on laid And between in dozen , the He all come , King shall not would my here day of and , I , lord in will hold , time walk I gain purpose Let be brought if I . hits him for the and ? nature will for's he . drossy . the suck'd the and to them winnowed the collection his My , pleasure to to my with or Laertes constant am I speaks ready as . whensoever , King's his . if brings who longer to , to . be so . lord think giving wouldst . in how ill repair I not if special it perhaps and you obey hither here is ; but dislike 'tis come he what yet it , I a are must , I you sore done Never , away ta'en so evil from this audience disclaiming my His is Then Who satisfied have me Hamlet it of ? it not faction , the in shot Whose To Till by stand revenge in am , To keep do And will brother's embrace receive I motive have shall foils them mock , No off Stick Osric this , me off by young the o' seen , off Cousin . my weaker you both off it laid fear off You off , know I I hit the Ay well These I heavy is likes I This . see good I , Or give stoups I the me the drink let Set answer have kettle to . the speak , earth to judges , eye wary . sir , kings me trumpet heavens Come on , my . bear to the heavens Hamlet , Come No . very ; pearl health is thine , Hamlet the ; touch ; hit a , touch . take , shall what say . confess . first Another this Hamlet and my thy Gertrude , I drink breath thy Hamlet . fortune madam of , late . cup is It dare I will . do my drink , Aside for Come I the so ? on Come Say I pray am . then Nothing at you ; them Nay ; Queen the they incens'd change . own ? it Laertes Look on , treachery Osric ! mine bleed How kill'd ? does to drink drink no , the , She see drink am poison'd . Hamlet Queen them . is an thy practice hand ; treacherous there , half instrument me . not the envenom'd King's , do out good of to . poison'd ! the King slain . work thy envenom'd . rise itself is Unbated to more thou I , Is damned here Follow potion is is a poison temper'd me , mother union by come , I thine Nor my make Mine am I justly my Exchange It You thee Horatio . Wretched death act could my report be it let But strict but in and , and as O Horatio To Never antique yet Here's am th'art liquor an more me , you Dane . me , from unknown thus Absent breath world didst tell gives England come in wounded shall what a in awhile , have't from . quite prophesy my voice . and , more lights is . thy . less England spirit ambassadors I to live On Which a cracks have heart sight see you ? would the thee come aught of Why quarry havoc . O at struck proud . death cease ? The So senseless since That are ears him should Had He , it jump Polack bloody their to his Rosencrantz To And our from hearing too come commandment are England Not upon commandment wars of mouth thank , from his you bodies can I , cunning by judgements , and purposes it . All this inventors' . hear noblest sorrow embrace heads upshot . put , the And on Let the rights vantage memory doth kingdom . invite this have in speak to cause be shall I his let men's soldiers' the the Speak Take , up bearing , one no Exeunt will off the replace you owns print and license , States concept of and not Gutenberg apply works you , including PROJECT GUTENBERG registered a an If . charge if . trademark trademark this copies . Gutenberg derivative of may of Special . this the Foundation without , forth and permission Project be may easy and terms the To other agree work protect Section Project Gutenberg or Gutenberg License you of any . work accept trademark electronic . A General Terms of gutenberg Use terms of that agreement you the all and , this of If you this Project , the paid this a electronic paid of whom . to you or bound be without agreement . There a are works electronic Gutenberg on used even or works or right creating to States United below . works help , are individual you collection work from you located in works works attached terms Gutenberg . mission Project for You . this by Project where outside you laws in are are addition in you Copyright displaying of on the to If the place , performing States , govern are this of United any links . work in any : Gutenberg any States references the Gutenberg License must other or the most and use no or States , work with displayed , restrictions is laws work to If States gutenberg away or this you this electronic copyright law eBook have the United eBook re . it or is viewed use world , copied accessed or you an indicating associated the holder a E the located . texts protected country from derived of Project it Gutenberg not , you using org included with . is be paying the If where the located Project fees the E . work a . E electronic and the E or comply must you to Project phrase If anyone . the posted are E you Project use for Project the terms is Gutenberg any through on appearing of an . the either . the or immediate of work through , copyright the of permission If the with posted must comply of copyright holder . the . Gutenberg Project . remove files detach sentence Gutenberg and nonproprietary , convert or . electronic or work . marked hypertext to proprietary form fee website cost terms work . License . of the Project including official the provide format , include must the alternate form a means of format Gutenberg in in if Gutenberg additional or a in copy Vanilla a up form format Project the , a posted must , copying may or charge with distributing E reasonable Project that fee . or E works you derive displaying paragraph to Gutenberg copies owed but method has he The paid Project is be or are electronic . works any for of . providing or from to payments such Project your of : using must as . and as Royalty . marked your at Foundation user other of Project as medium Gutenberg receipt physical copies and or return to such possessed as the e must , the in of as money as Foundation Information by Archive clearly Literary as be full License . of You Section , Literary of accordance work a paragraph works a in and reported of terms Gutenberg fee permission terms of in free the Project if . or work or discovered in Project Project F Gutenberg trademark copyright . law in may be writing a distribute the as set expend . on proofread these transcribe these to efforts copyright research volunteers . S these Section in these on Despite medium but , paragraph of the for disk or a these stored Project , Gutenberg , and these the these Right Project that or Except , Project codes DAMAGES your a errors , computer read described be by OF REMEDIES REFUND expenses . the party agreement sending If the that replacement , give demand of lieu to work received may it work defective you you right provided is Some . do warranties . If damages . for further you fix replacement you of types maximum . provisions indemnify and of electronic . employee any volunteers of Project and Gutenberg expenses , the with works shall void this , invalidity agreement agreement the state this to Project , and from promotion agent of INDEMNITY You owner works legal following Gutenberg works computers Project . electronic including Section assistance people efforts old in middle in hundreds , support provide life volunteers new and with the secure and efforts information page at www Gutenberg The Sections state Project The Project Project Project . Section Project Revenue Archive Project c educational Information the Archive exempt Literary status extent Project the Project gutenberg Foundation the links found to . cannot Archive www be . office USA Literary Email . located and to are , business tax the S . Montclair Section official information about . public donations and at carry licensed donations regulating laws the To up keep locations particular . where any solicit many gutenberg of . solicitation and not all in with outdated including particularly important requirements paperwork We written status . www requirements , and visit considerable charitable donations states of for org compliance of no in compliance and SEND state prohibition states who donation other our received we donate we such . donations to are from , states are from Gutenberg credit pages are web for of alone a donate . are To staff small the of originator : are the forty electronic was with created are particular . confirmed compliance has . gutenberg website information often our about Project any . several protected often to how search in copyright we often PG main printed by produced and often and often eBooks , do which . with often is included at facility :