? yourself Stand the King ! and carefully Get 'Tis twelve this For live most come upon am you stirring . guard quiet relief much sick I a you If Well Barnardo Welcome has has this , What Horatio I this let Touching says 'tis thing . fantasy appear'd good ? our . us this him hold , this Barnardo of the heaven of part . that's dead like the it off Had made now The and with to . to thee , Most Thou like not It What like It with majesty that Horatio that art the sometimes Did march Looks offended away , of buried Stay In it Together which thou ? gone speak . speak ! answer charge ! pale ? look fantasy thee ! and something ! think , and might sensible I you my Before Is it like art to when armour not , that land cannon ; week the ? with labourer can joint the you on combat world our a known with his stood he Against the To carriage the been Hamlet unimproved skirts mettle Now the of , of list of , lawless which ; resolutes , state , other diet and And he fell Of For hath compulsatory well doth a up in the food Shark'd Hath His his And That source Is by main motive of and this of post think it Of I Comes That mote the Upon Was heaven Have And even As sick As Did graves little stood and squeak , If If thee do Speak any be hast it soft cross That speak speak may speak For speak speak speak speak here , if here here here here We here was about our to Upon a lofty fire or . made abroad ; long , planets herein at of And erring , the on faded say Wherein bird nights No So Walks then The fairy And in , This Let our watch what we our I most morning , hill . to it duty fitting acquaint , we impart Hamlet loves needful do't we Where To bear The Cornelius yet be in hath with hearts To be contracted with sister now , this state queen , joy defeated eye in dirge and , Together Yet of , ourselves our , warlike sorrow auspicious one With we in With Now this to Your better nor ; along affair a thinking state Colleagued fail'd our , which delight with funeral , as 'twere equal wisdoms supposal you that Taken To Lost He his Who Or to with brother . lands those of surrender father for To much our by Farewell we . old are the , Voltemand , levies that and here dispatch scope your . the duty our will VOLTEMAND your CORNELIUS and and doubt now voice What suit some , not is . us be your And told speak of head That We You what's . offer with , offer ? beg the to . reason is't offer mouth to Denmark , Laertes ? the thy to came return have offer father to that , to them offer , And hath offer his By my lord I bend lord I to and though leave To show must bend , bend toward your , pardon ? bend and says from and consent go leave me last bend . thine my at , than , thy best I He bend Take thy my , more the lord it A Aside give , you him , on too nighted on off Denmark . than lids a so But Not is How that is , father to eternity in am , die mother suits alone Nor inky , visage good ? thee know , If it Nor , Nor with can are me forms nor windy not denote trappings man These the indeed shows in breath seems ; seem , black of have actions a might ; of and all within , the the But For That but Together These It Of shows stubbornness and give they that commendable In unfortified know must , vulgar impatient common is opposition , to heaven to nature , unschool'd a , will impious In do , lost father An any As Is be From fault against so . and pray throw be , us cried earth be take let , are a be 'This be For it A death To Take be be As In I be toward to And Our courtier Let I thy lose us with thee the I , shall in , madam you reply come bruit . Come away , melt flesh into had the the earthly a . clouds Denmark that to rouse to my heart ; fix'd ! garden not was much two mother nature to ! to so , so ; satyr ! months That Fie Possess two her it ! on't increase if ; face a might ! I he ? appetite yet Frailty or she which ! By Like ! God Niobe brother no more she reason woman — is of , unrighteous her dexterity O salt . Within most flushing ; to such . married is , But of O mourn'd of , Than tears all have My Would of to to of : well you your of forget see heart of of I your And same my poor , my myself . lord servant , good name that change My good make — your ear of my my good say lord so Good , report no ere you Elsinore own , I came to affair know your not lord my Indeed , I My think I Or Did coldly furnish forth dearest that my to mock me see it I thrift , seen met My a ; eye lord , in tables . foe my . see ? all . Who I the ! father while my For and together nights love to of King father . may , pie A , middle dead the Been dumb truncheon's , Two In and by encounter'd them act surprised thrice solemn - of the like - your and length the march , time and . methought did yet once I : would crew speak , did it as in from vanish'd 'Tis very , my it know honour'd live think you I do And we strange shrunk morning like , then the sound And the Hold watch BARNARDO writ of . 'tis our troubles . constantly had would Most I I his . no . a hundred , itself hell I this . peace hitherto tenable assume I Perchance 'twill I warrant you it my it to Let bid If And it the I'll duty , to Our My I doubt Till father's then loves Your Though , as let is , the are assistant hear doubt a in his ? trifling primy , a sweet , youth and suppliance it For Think no so this as Perhaps besmirch fear , his : as himself is subject unvalu'd , weigh'd for He he of greatness virtue sanctity Carve Whereof Then weigh with , unmaster'd fear the shot it of your enough the is and you of If Virtue Fear Or it And lose Too And Himself primrose the And recks not of But good good lies none lesson . youth . near pastors ungracious . of do brother , comes stay path here my . father leave double second Aboard ? Occasion , Yet are here you Bear't that thou not do But each new Are Neither a thy And loan a thy most they of And thy in oft best and loses thy : all follow to thine the , season leave thy ; I you thy invites I , have Ophelia , lock'd key you , something well late : of very you hath , Ophelia , please you Marry 'Tis of your that As You in be audience Given Have and honour me tell you . yourself . your so I yourself up tenders pay true tender wind yourself for yourself I of , it not sterling crack Tender you'll the , think poor them . dearly . with importun'd may given almost With Ay , And hath holy to countenance to call it ; go to . fashion vows speech his blazes , I the all vows , Than And Than so You must something Be in command entreatments of which vows his of Breathing believe larger In dye that not may be a in a this making time rate presence maiden For tether him scanter like to in slander with moment and terms you ; any the . come . But better I air an What and ; hour eager now , is draws . walk the near air . twelve . season ; to to the mind Ay triumph drum of a it Is marry , manner born I custom his wassail And The More Makes This for in Carrying form Being , Or The that in else His From Doth fault general , grace doubt of corruption dram The take may — as . be Fortune's of these defect , pure or star they man ! of To and ministers of or blasts hell me answer charitable Hamlet , shape a thee thy com'st speak father me Have I King with thou That Bring not bones we Wherein a . cerements saw thee thou That Making dead cast ! is this some ! you With why away . alone As It ! beyond go to beckons Look with more not do you waves to , No It will set soul can my lord I not speak by means no then to . the pin's follow , sea my form , it sea . still the brain , follow waves on You shall it roar It so place you draw That Which might deprive your into not , not me to every desperation beneath of motive looks off my . thee go shall hands . lord your fate makes as each ; rul'd And As petty in you go . imagination thus to that lets thee ? come obey . I'll him of on follow . state fit Denmark this follow let's in of him . tormenting come . will and myself sulph'rous me lead Speak I'll , poor My render is I I When poor poor Pity poor art Speak , revenge father's term poor certain foul and burnt the for And poor To what I , thy What bound am poor ? thou . hear when shalt hear of , spheres end blood list List father , blood upon hair stars start their part to from thy young on stand . be love — not must fretful God Murder thou O ! as ; is most Murder Haste the , or ; in sweep find in . be thou in this itself foul But to As And 'Tis serpent Is Rankly stung abus'd by given A The Mine , that with , seeming wicked I That O O So to in hand was and ! my a in won most what whose . made me wretch a Upon mine won lust whose , a angel of never it even of falling won court , Though won lewdness But won prey I scent on And . custom won my methinks ! Will sate garbage celestial shape in gifts though to a virtue in of in So in in a in be Upon let in soft My in That natural and a - most , was Thus Of With reckoning of I off in O No even Unhous'led made , O royal in thee luxury this nor , thou mind sting thy not mother aught ; that . her leave her in to uneffectual earth Hold thee heart seat a instant , past , pressures Remember Remember O shall book I'll Unmix'd one My And O villain O least At That am you and there , smile Within saws That Within . I So Lord Within 'Adieu is Lord It Lord ho Within Hillo Lord Lord , Lord ho Illo ho How ! my What I my , Not I , of secret . my in . it ? MARCELLUS — Denmark ? all shake we at , the and you : desire shall point hands my desire , own , my , from business more us it hold And as You I , you whirling go and wild Yes but are I'm no this is here my offence There's they Saint offence your are desire to Give honest is It you Never lord my I my , seen have will . tonight . swear't will I not lord sword . lord truepenny . the , cellarage there , lay Come hands this upon Beneath Then that again . Swear . work so wondrous , i' fast friends Horatio mercy come , But help bear I you , welcome . strange it earth stranger , myself , shall never - shake would' , your phrase we they note if if your to be and your out — With your your your your willing , still your shall my love spirit a Let lips . to together spite . Reynaldo go good , inquiry . to my these him you will marvellous do I , behaviour very ; lord his intend Look , where in . finding question , Paris you . visit , touch knowledge and this him , and of friends rank ; well ' ' him wild ' very he's you take wild , none of heed wanton such you so please ' marry , and ; him companions ; dishonour ' are Ay ' Quarrelling no You put , another must my they flash A Of general fiery . mind of taints of faults , unreclaimed : to breathe a good seem good my Wherefore , good , it , lord believe sullies on son drift would good assault I good should you Ay good laying good sir , 'Good man phrase or the country my lord this ? did ' gentleman ! marry t'other or know ay such , gaming out Videlicet , a at with yesterday and ; in's forth this of falsehood thus And At He or was , him there a have me , son So With My lord You former find by takes such so carp or directions assays out and have . of , do you Shall By my , God , fare . lord his b' my you , lord . Farewell matter , affrighted , chamber of have what's Ophelia How as hat With , all knees look gyved , shirt - doublet sewing Lord No upon his speak , not a he of Mad I Pale . me he , arm and his turn'd eyes of property very I bended me desperate undertakings , King the light , me up head a to so thus rais'd And , That No , have afflict ; hard any lord did but . am heaven , love their will go . leads And to passion fordoes ecstasy under words repel His That as that is But fear'd . I and letters his access made . thee . with . proper our the being hide . to , it . lack More As And had . meant . common is known . grief which , than for , to kept utter close much have to did we nor that father's . to rest his so your young so neighbour'd time , vouchsafe of you That That More Resembles Our hasty . death What that you with humour him please , hope of receive such our remembrance king's and time your us whom As To To For And Might Than service , much And Thanks changed you Go where . son helpful our our presence Hamlet . practices , my good return'd . of good good , brain sure so policy to I father in hear to . great feast . brother our my fair , of return , shall from but other no Well our To His Say Most That rebuke th'assay of his Receives give him thousand , and down safety this further Polack fee , quiet enterprise . labour . together took read we'll time this feast - well upon us well business we'll home welcome your night for you , at Why What My nothing majesty brevity is night the outward to . that to , matter More , swear . 'tis art remains no pity , Perpend . mark and most beautified Ophelia — to it . him to believe not is place . to receiv'd mine by his O , lady hath think she hath faithful and honourable . you might or , hot I your , think might here desk it seen I As I my my Before perceiv'd so . must told Majesty this , I with on you , went winking , a , love what , work star thy did idle - sight and mute table . to : her . resort gave , a of my — fast tale thence we Into Thence , no lock ' . watch the a should , to to fain so , into then , Do And for and wail you , I'd . likely . this 'tis there That It may Take from If this , this know otherwise ? ' be . indeed find otherwise . my an I'll the walks lobby indeed daughter four loose behind from reason fall'n farm it will . reading poor the sadly Away But keep assistant But look I'll And , him presently do where board Then I Honest , is , true . lord . good man a dog — daughter my lord is a blessing . my harping Still to't daughter He , fishmonger . Friend you Have I have , th' i' daughter sun conceive . was words . lord read , you satirical are slave lord . grey and crab set thus most of if , I purging their they ; honesty that ? which as , to . is my , am a , yet grave Aside of meeting be of means so ! that out happiness prosperously will often delivered anything between humbly most me , from life my except to go You well tedious life . fools , sir . the . Rosencrantz My children children ; or privates her Faith children Fortune's . children children in On children , my the ? most middle in , we O ? near that have you world's not is news , my my Denmark's is , my but Fortune parts that good sends she the None secret , But , the honest the one Prison . bad or good a either prison nothing mind for . myself and dungeons . lord the . light a of ambition dream ambitious , A and hold Then . We'll beggars' bodies th' our For . servants . make what GUILDENSTERN am you my ; Elsinore at I . you dear my , lord in Is , man of way own my , dear , that , your with , a free visitation Were thank , you other no , the rest dreadfully I but occasion attended , for speak , You , the looks know in But confession colour anything What thanks , are , too thanks poor , not , halfpenny a nay sent were lord and ? rights our could of ? were sent . craft you for of , better obligation proposer hold , whether dear with more feather a with and noble in reason pestilent golden lost Queen my so and shall sterile this look it air fretted how how in of thing wherefore will tell secrecy and know , a man to excellent this late , but firmament of goodly indeed , seems is and laugh you there then lord lord , in said not man way . 'Man not , shall foil target in reputation innovation followed not they ; pace ? clapped eyases it No hold I they Do the estimation they same , aerie so of children berattle and they most themselves unless themselves themselves to ? nation no money themselves holds , themselves the ; own themselves their against do there sin no they do , for more than father lived King Hercules his of give , little those , and , 'Sblood find The with you . you come . than Let Your the Elsinore ceremony . aunt father dear and like - hawk from too out each ear they a of his for hearer clouts old . at . you . tell an actor man . That swaddling . You . ass — on my . When hither lord was Rome , the for . thou , only men are pastoral , These , liberty the , daughter he fair treasure Am me you Nay are , and you gold by ! mistress thee The first row of pious the to my last . masters Com'st , welcome good last . not By'r friends thou be altitude the We'll e'en have speak me , a speech But scenes were in the as remember mine , sallets Dido , in your it , it as , live me , it speech One If , slaughter let : so at speaks more Aeneas' Priam's me Pyrrhus let horse complexion . in Pyrrhus , heraldry he total With Hath When as his it , and parching streets , trick'd daughters with tyrannous the , the with , smear'd ominous night , arms , resemble foot , and gore hellish , it falls good and accent His him . Unequal of his strikes fell sword senseless Ilium , with match'd , where . and falls father whiff this was Priam a in reverend , painted on with lo , his head stick hideous milky For the a to stood , sword Pyrrhus will i' seem'd , Which The winds the as like a see the and hammers for Cyclops' the , Pyrrhus' than . her from the down , strumpet falls synod spokes take nave as round low with , This As to on remorse Priam forg'd long a tale of your come is . sleeps ? mobled beard Hecuba threat'ning upon for that the head , loins robe caught th'alarm and of tongue diadem her had in , then , tears — limbs made all , sport malicious of , them clamour move milch mortal have Unless has Would where , no , has in's chronicles . than you this the out the live . the time , Good ill . let of epitaph a abstracts Use you bad brief have Use after sirs . your every Use your better , old friend , Use We'll Can a need . play Use hear night me them own Use Murder . in . Use friends thou hear Dost We'll or Very . Elsinore . lord welcome look wi' Now alone ye peasant slave I'll ; all working his to in whole his own visage in's a , eyes his distraction his and to voice his What's a it in But Ay , Is rogue monstrous soul that conceit For him her or What cue stage with , conceit wan'd all Hecuba would ! suiting function ? Hecuba ? and He ? weep the faculties and - say was Am my pate face lie this me i' ? th' my dear mettled , No and made , breaks . dull A Like Make mad off nose , take liver'd , or Who ? villain me calls Who As ! To pigeon have this the beard to I should oppression lungs the me and gives this does and region bawdy ! treacherous , With I should Remorseless Prompted And Must That Why , I by struck have . course my shape have devil uncle something most have have With have For though , have I'll I know have Before be me the my perhaps hath and me yea the no me and all harshly he me can turbulent you me on his dangerous puts me confusion confession to keeps true ? well state . gentleman you receive Of would with a find be aloof much but in , question Madam - And Most like forcing our pastime players , already certain these about they in way that . reply fell so it did seem . out kind have your and hear To And We there , him Of They , play true see so doth before a him . I as hear , lord my on , us sent , drive he beseech'd We give these . to a have , bestow ourselves myself Ophelia by accident lawful , his we That purpose him , leave hither , too Hamlet for , espials . 'twere may of by thus he of their father Will of Of beauties I , wish of , be your , To him of his for of , this visage of blame to oft We much bestow walk show . we that — The . Aside And of . I it wish , Madam here you lash O ourselves , That Ophelia prov'd too pious action doth speech that is O beautied my withdraw not beautied beautied , cheek to my Let's burden . not my beautied beautied To Whether beautied hear , 'tis and ? nobler in of beautied against end take or that be the , to be them arrows a sleep and off of whips the give Must When that have of death to sleep pangs The For in us calamity bear makes , the , the of merit of dispriz'd wrong That who To sleep perchance dream . pause come contumely the of , scorns long this mortal coil spurns make life these , bear all , of that bear from weary quietus unworthy something , rather returns those not cast make others But grunt the dread With undiscover'd does the with great the country , puzzles their of regard action all cowards ills we of us pale ! honour well remembrances well to you - yours of name sins remember'd in my re receive . No I with made the again more for you , fair honest you Are lord my when , your Are What honest my , you ? lordship discourse ? better your to and lord be if his , likeness . the ; beauty will beauty beauty now but believe I virtue loved breeder . you , Ay it into truly You to but we believed me made of it proof shall with , arrant ambitious What should better , put in that it myself thee were was thou be a am could as I of us very , shape them borne accuse at not to I . imagination more my , nunnery thou for but , help I'll pure as him know go as , ice a to If Let the shut dost nunnery house : men O too God's nickname make O as face . have of , lisp to will have , on't fool ; for and your , it they and , eye here him God and creatures heavenly powers another paintings amble given hath you wantonness mad me , Those that , a all , and youth , is music , mould fair fashion Th'expectancy what , That Now see sweet Like And That . feature blown , of what I tune sovereign of and jangled ecstasy that not do affections , doubt danger have objects in his you of his now , thus , grief How as do , the you Hamlet do Ophelia said ? alone after with not , where ear lord lord , lord please lord go lord lord unwatch'd trippingly air too I , offends must to to who passion torrent you not you me groundlings dumb shows and It Termagant your tutor . action the discretion word your Pray you but smoothness the nothing such capable use gently passion , of . for . honour the of ears avoid whipped split inexplicable . at anything for and this , must but , one be Christians of cannot , the nature , mirror Now own of to playing end be the nature age special the or both the to overdone her scorn it the of praise , that highly strutted and bellowed nor — there , your players not the gait have allowance speak that I made them it I to . there your speak be barren of the spectators of the How uses that fool . in considered altogether set to That's it Go question and , quantity shows you . ambition . haste hasten my , two make to And Will the and players the them . lord your lord art a just at ! cop'd I think , lick good flatter For To And Since was follow dear of the O e'er , e'en I the may , distinguish tongue thou thou and nothing flatter'd ; be , rewards Give , not they not she , do , Something too my near of circumstance this will Fortune's well for thee play slave ay a judgement , it of scene There Which I have thee in A tonight One prithee , tonight with the . his of act me please tonight tonight that thou mine not tonight tonight I mine after tonight In he If imaginations itself uncle And damned Do . of his will eyes rivet our heedful face join , be the playing , is , feed ; How . our the : and ? once are play'd words King you the cousin fares Enter . Hamlet , Polonius ; I . this - I have with nothing of crammed promise i' faith Excellent now To of brute I to was did That did I players i' accounted actor killed . a calf th' there . the shall I ho , more . lap you do upon patience your attractive lap matters . lord think nothing think Do you That's What is thought , are You . maids' . lord country my ? to , my twice Nay you how only my mother your , cheerfully jig maker , heavens O months devil two looks What a my my a Then I'll for and takes O suffer . But He comes Anon embracing yet life or ; neck ' epitaph ; horse - man's memory wear months the let then long sables great die he hobby a , on there's hobby asleep kisses returns Poisoner lament to . exits action seeming woos takes . off She kneels upon head his her leaves . Lays the dead . with with the her Queen the The imports the tell : mallecho my seems body and ? means it lord mischief counsel . to . you meant keep . the mark I'll means play , the hearing prologue a moons moons Since moons Unite moons our commutual journeys , my aught moons is love my love , and , moons littlest my hath you distrust : behind are so fear too ! wormwood The respects base time husband think kisses my determine what do but , sticks validity you we break the be , speak memory , but , Of now Their enactures of , own revels the we forget on , tree oft fall Most ourselves what , for aye , with slender joy lose . 'tis prove fortune of yet our favourite ; flies : try still still still lord second thy still lock my prison blanks once a widow , still If . have that cheer still anchor's Nor earth and desperation repose to An Each what here spirits My lady grow The ? O The Madam you much play . in't offence . us twain , you do heard , wince ; jade is how . that nephew is a ; we This majesty see in . they murder , gall'd shall done The Marry , Mousetrap piece souls our knavish of work are it the . unwrung puppets off my , black blasted of else hands With extant written What o'er lights , the fares , For , this Would , sir , So watch the , The . weep , in reigns in . in for in thousand my in lord the poisoning in a . him note , the the Come , some music likes he , comedy perdie recorders For Good lord Sir some some Ay retirement some some his sir some , drink , some to with richer rather ? distempered purgation frame , sir . to great . welcome right the , not is courtesy a wholesome and my the be shall I will you say my such answer mother — you , But mother sir end your . If of , say and , her admiration her in you our ? mother lord still liberty own your How can door lord be , but Let the recover recorders . sir while the to Ay my lord if , not do well I O of you . discourse your finger have I . the will . the . with ventages mouth utterance lowest you stops are any of you my of pluck in , do this out the You of am , the note voice to you me . sir play and weasel . with you camel . a shape in almost Methinks is is like like backed come like Or a whale . to let ; this enter thy nature now as I business of me speak will I heart Let tongue in them seals The to churchyards When And How my be her to Therefore it . with you , dispatch forthwith along commission , not estate England of near us as Hazard And terms madness To Out your of so his I not let live holy and ourselves peculiar provide . bound the and of is peculiar Never a with peculiar , boist'rous the sigh peculiar but , like a peculiar gulf cease of thousand peculiar lives it ; but it It the ten huge and adjoin'd ; petty upon it when falls alone closet myself mother than should go you you Fare them said you meet Since speech It , To I My , And Is And thicker Were man where itself with brother's Whereto of visage but we Then I'll twofold enough first I neglect stronger inclination be as to defeats guilt like than rain enough not both there the snow the . enough prayer forestalled be To pardon'd what's Or in to But wash it is turn enough . being My Of those enough offence heavens ? enough retain since O , what form . lies compell'd wicked . mine Can crown one In law the to Yet what in Try To can O There is oft corrupted pardon'd own May 'tis nature teeth can What one our faults , Make to black cannot repent ! steel What may All knees ! that the What ? death What ? ourselves What What then . What can as What , Help , soul sinews of heart be ; I my I this audit kills . And . this and , now so it I'll do , pat son That who hire my reveng'd do't O . A sole am as father crimes , do grossly his stands , and him his took course circumstance . the drunk heels ; in't , days whereto him , his but goes be his that physic words fly The As trip And Then hell his him Tell Within Mother Pray your heat and . screen'd and e'en mother hath him , I , you , an wicked , with tongue . offended offended . so . now ? husband's . your rood so those you to that you up shall not glass of a budge . slain , hast thou am ! help , help ducat ? it Is King ! brother mother fool fortune down sit , your , As king . Take , Almost king farewell — you danger so for stuff braz'd , better thy for of to be that thou and takes virtue the grace an against wag deed a such blush act Such hypocrite blurs A With here counterfeit upon grace this loud , me presentment Mars like a to the heaven on An The Hyperion's was To every god the husband your . like love call blood is ; moor This And batten hey it Ears Eyes That Or not without hands . Rebellious shame part ! hell O mutine virtue let own ardour fire gives the Proclaim charge , burn no sense shame thy is matron's wax bones . blush spots and no black , bed an enseamed and . sty Over And panders doth . grained my more . more murderer A that Of the sweat of but , Nay to enter diadem patches . in shelf mine ears sweet and . empire ! and wings — with shreds hover And Save more , your would , mad me ? figure time You Do O forget amazement not . command dread your say O visitation blunted almost ! the discourse . you with the , And Sprinkle do O . Whereon how he , excrements , do spirits hold an and you preaching what ; with them and capable cause , him — tears you not , life to stones , distemper gentle you Nothing Would His him On Will at do there hear all Nor , but it steals the as Why My , you , cunning in is yours . have My I pulse makes matter . the as will unction your of , brain , coinage creation the healthful and not It skin trespass from gambol Repent do not what's Infects doth utter'd Lay avoid Yea O avoid O throw avoid curb and itself For them in for my cleft avoid of mine it , avoid . of me avoid the of fatness . woo , the if him with times good , in twain with ; tonight easiness of kind a stamp with a of all it you not worser sense with have doth with . with , me this it so must punish repent To gave I death will I I'll And use With you , do : that shall do ? good remains again worse to be lady , no more word One be be , So reechy of pair all in out know , wise , 'Twere dear from that's but , Unpeg who Such Let No And try fly basket and made of breath creep . down the do a madness this essentially I you to That Would What thou birds , To like basket house's your , I on be me , know ? so and will . knavery to mandate seal'd you life shall line and it work ; hard . this . sweep adders must Let room enginer their go , sighs You ; 'tis I a is good Ah these These profound heaves them understand translate matter in Where your must O What as is the rapier in And out heavy good mightier and when his rat apprehension arras sea Which Behind his Whips It This have young you To the owner us , so of understand , to bloody threats to everyone answer'd . there all , life foul Where feed is kill'd let a disease some ? gone deed what like , madness body weeps come , body sooner excuse and body all join must hence body no ship the body very shall our . with hath body he further , some madness closet you in mother's , you our haply we what his , name . ROSENCRANTZ on , O , with they come dead thence . king ? a to . what the may take it my Do sir , of I can sponge Take you , and of his , mouthed : his rewards end . be again the , sponge should such officers when you , in up . like swallowed I am glad is lord , with King is body knavish you speech is ! fox all . thing A . it seek loose him ! eyes : the , their but smooth must are appliance . sending , their of this man the the the must dangerous that distracted th'offender's the seem the , all bear To so not we put multitude the weigh'd lord not know the , dead bestow'd , from my , my Now Ho , my , where's . Polonius lord him before Hamlet Not all are but to lean to he ? supper only ourselves emperor . eaten ? variable end for , a of of hath mean a this . king and hath how of If a to , see place you within seek th'other month him , this He till we — thine seek Go that With fiery thou hast dearly Therefore tend ready quickness . you tender England the For is bark For England ? bent , grieve safety , thee send Good thyself and done prepare wind everything and , is Hamlet is sees Thy mother , Away foot him Delay And My great power thy yet the us , haste done hence Pray give hold'st thee red — free , England , coldly not at , love th'affair thereof my if , As The By to After Pays hectic Till joys . in my rages done 'tis , know blood I were ; eye Norway , purpos'd of I you ? pray Or How Against of . Poland commands Goes it the against to go for frontier and with patch but in fee . ducats will already Two rate , to be it never , the debate Yes thousand This That dies , my Will't I'll And but Be Looking to occasions you please go a little straight all God do revenge and A gave Now . some godlike , such , us no me , do one whether reason more be — part not and do exhort earth as of and will say parts thought A Why by ambition and strength , means , me charge unsure dare , scruple , to , puff'd , great to Rightly quarrel How a my father have When But at a reason kill'd stake find without thousand twenty death all of of to men and in , then I blood I fame fight enough and while my of time try stand , straw be argument great a , shame , worth . distract . have her will not ? pitied needs importunate much half the the one , spoken were would her The That Spurns tricks would she ; doth aim is . speaks father sense th' i' hearers Indeed 'Twere Though And to collection ; they and yet might be true nods , and gestures , thought . unhappily much good she conjectures her come . some as Let - in ill , artless So sick jealousy beauteous full seems soul It To Where He is you Say sweet lady , his cockle another hat sandal And , and a turf his At dead and gone grass green stone — did With bewept you God , Larded dild are you Valentine your betime day her what the upon means Conceit words of , Alack without la By men Young hath well How long by to blame sun me she ? cannot I . night patient him sweet good good choose shall coach you night my , thus ground . Of Follow I so And . it of , night poison First , their and ; they her people slain ; Gertrude single , grief deep . battalions father's gone just son ; and he , whispers ; Poor done most father greenly but Ophelia ear , from person my O speeches of to come as in , piece dear our stick . ear Wherein pestilent himself clouds , many this places the , Gertrude arraign what What ? is the his is them are , world were him begin , custom , and props of the offices Than And 'Choose hands cry ! we tongues be Caps They Antiquity the ocean Save The Eats O'erbears as shall , cheerfully doors 'Laertes the , king this is I No cuckold to the between of Even here blood that's , mother calm unsmirched brow harlot cause Do hedge a what it me go . Tell to fear giant the . such doth him Let with juggled the ! blackest ! negligence give the his not To what come damnation the he Conscience hell How for And If Good Laertes far your writ know is't both , foe you death you stay I'll husband with , means They , not My you None you his friend revenge like friends but Will thus wide rendering and , 'pear . death . paid that , father's your most As shall am It as ! thy kind possible , love Nature it precious loves instance as mortal old young sweet . bore grave well Fare his non Hey on And rain'd , my thus . itself a his . bier hey tear - pray for . O ' here's must some ; and thoughts There's matter than ; more nothing's This that's , difference wither'd affliction Robin She with for A your violets , but rue We For all when , will turns And , Go No no , not come again , b' . your . with patience if but ; and we or , our to jointly lend satisfaction life give shall of sword death nor , his o'er his — us , bones , earth — to you world . me with speak They know greeted I I part if you bless . him was that They a , when thou shalt pirate sail their them the King they became alone I grapple the , mercy . as ear the of Rosencrantz have and thou much to Guildenstern tell knowest that will do't whom , that speedier . of He give you And the way him And proceeded these feats father slain , else , nature perhaps , for special The mother , his , tell But — The might gender count by conjunctive my they are my not . go bear so my , affection arrows again a loud bow aim'd . stone , so for to ; that all reverted where not timber'd his gyves his like the the public a spring to And A love their wood turneth graces have dipping , Would so Break Convert slightly I have For her perfections on sister And That if , your And Letters now ? lord Majesty , your to This They I , were . kingdom , Tomorrow 'High , Laertes your . them saw them us you leave pardon beg Leave shall . I your recount . thing ? my am return and hand he advise . you all rest such more know thereunto it Know postscript 'Tis And the in the my you warms shall If it be the ? How , to by — the teeth , otherwise ; be Ay the will you the own peace To an to undertake To checking No And for Under exploit his voyage ripe , I my that and , If me not The But mother no uncharge breathe but will he means the a travel so ; fall your . it much , for sum envy such Hamlet's of shine they did the is unworthiest . my regard parts Normandy a was seen Importing graveness serv'd horseback can myself Here As one , and Of part careless and too riband The Than And in't . his - demi and He . and that weeds , health such to they incorps'd far he . French brought grew unto my , topp'd doing been forgery of Norman , same The Upon know I well gem And made and exercise such a masterly indeed , of 'twould rapier defence nation their nor and report eye of , wish he Your sudden , to do out he And That one coming but envy , especially be The motion them Now , out cried Sir . his , love by begun you I is , time know see did father to father painting a this passages fire flame will , still proof it , would That we pleurisy goodness a abate in of of 'would' as in are sigh this love in . in ; o' in in in changes ; many is would , son like . is ; you in words is ? church good . come : murder is a hands 'should' . to spendthrift undertake , is , is your home . sanctuarize the He little the , your double , heads and for a , so with , remiss fine in being that sword . ease together practice , it virtue , I gall , point death of a of anoint pass your purpose but blood draws that I And So that I dip knife my slightly hold performance this through If time , this Therefore look back solemn motion violent . that be . and our Soft , are your I'll that , see this . sipping prepar'd end may by now A Our One chalice bouts in a We'll When your wager . purpose your cunnings me on have that , dry another's ? purples , long , Queen sweet upon aslant O Your drown'd ? glassy . call . broke and an , hang down weeping like chaunted of her of bore Her they clothes own distress drink melodious But weeds , is the her poor Unto Let it water hast my tears thou ; trick I Drown'd forbid Adieu are holds yet , gone Ophelia blaze would douts Gertrude , rage again . it calm let's to follow speech this , that do Is But folly had start his in and therefore be is she buried hath and drowned , to herself , se can How if , leave me offendendo hear goodman . wittingly act 'tis so . For argal ; he own been , she Christian not ? crowner's burial a life . him man the stands Here . good ; drown But Argal , man — you ha' the should there , ditchers Christian gardeners even Why , Will thou this Come , Was that ever great themselves pity out If is't , more hang : that There ? to not me he How a Scripture I'll first had understand thyself purpose the either shipwright another , the put ? well a . tenants But dost to how thousand , mason ? to If builds stronger ? is builds Ay tell I than does - in , me shipwright , those the the gallows Now . argal , unyoke tell about more Mass Marry stronger well to a To't . cannot mason that , when , for ; his 'a , behove at sings my . meet sweet question next sense the ? steps the been never me with hand claw'd hath , And and tongue 'Tis Custom hath me stealing his in if as might As Hath But of little clutch , the did that which . it ass the this first not , one courtier ! It my 'Good he meant lord morrow my say lord my could such my loggets A For at see't so e'en trick my mazard my with my to Why clay his suffer This Hum with There's clay Why now he quillets knave to skull and of clay double the vouchers , his dirt ? clay ones too , clay this pair in clay no Not jot of box purchases pate than the and ; of my , indentures more a more lord of out Whose to be . I sir made liest meet . grave's - fellow and such . guest 'Tis thine is not yours mine guest it dead guest . liest guest 'tis to me guest . guest it again therefore is thou , yet the soul she's ? neither be For to buried must dead equivocation comes taken long How , or have thou day his speak , that a ! woman near you Cannot young tell that grown so maker that to't , was why , mad , he it's Why the men are there he as mad . say man some many you . have ? and rot will you will , th'earth years lie been Denmark Why he with twenty skull it think you fellow's Here's , body A Nay , I not skull a do E'en was , my . that those fancy pour'd , pestilence This , skull sir ? that jest My know ? Not this my lady's come me one tell be ; times Where . and of own grinning her ? that . let that , merriment , Make to that Dost were your thing my What's think E'en noble the what base To Pah . to a hole with enough trace ? so , dust a stop of to a to jot it ; not of return Horatio find him is follow thus dust earth ; they not we Alexander the ; loam beer and ! their King , betoken , the kept keep clay to turn'd ! patch , courtiers life we awhile follow Couch and 'Twas own they maimed Fordo O that soft but , King . Queen The But soft . else some desperate This that doth . did ? enlarg'd far else noble a very That Her we Of and burial As Must bell allowed her bringing . unpolluted , dead the service . her flesh , thee and i' Lay minist'ring When Sweets , What have ? Farewell sweet Ophelia howling . churlish priest fair shall be fair the my Hamlet's . wife , thy been cursed dead made head the or Olympus What I have caught . wicked thee of To Till her your this flat dust a quick you and skyish . Of o'ertop is hearers him Thou hearers Which hearers I have Yet let hearers hearers thy dangerous Away . Hamlet hearers lord my fight him my no quiet with will , theme upon this . love of quantity thou do for thousand wag longer forty theme , him : as , burning till our zone thou , mountains leaping in , mere , us . pate acres on mere is the This , mere her silence mere Let lov'd Hercules and mere . the as golden will mere sir that sit But himself ever reason good , mew The cat I patience put Strengthen We'll this do Remember my heart sir , our hew divinity plots indiscretion , serves that , a of Rashly let well , cabin my we , them sometime that certain the was — in mutinies the would Worse deep a - My , them in had packet room again in the how making fine , manners , found exact ; goblins the should stay be bugs supervise the not , That ho with ! Here's . at grinding no and leisure my , axe . off , as , yeoman's . what I thou . know my good his like comma on stand such many debatement Not Without the view How He was - bearers put to allow'd and 'tween of ? or amities might , it safely , time like 'as'es further should the shriving , death my that signet gave't the father's even up sea Thou fight : the Folded Why , are when the baser their this to't Rosencrantz love grow nature . conscience form plac'd this make incensed comes pass the make make , Guildenstern and their my make man They make 'Tis make Of what in Popp'd , kill'd conscience to come ? the is't ? canker this this angle is't for th'election and my now upon , whor'd me proper my my thee , and further arm such out hath cozenage with let To But man's It a be short The of I'll tow'ring of his very more than Horatio ; I my lordship right you Into a myself to sir . He and his waterfly . Denmark . him to of dirt , I , lord ; spirit Majesty his thing a , your is head cold , cold very is it lord , No believe me my 'tis lordship the very hot . wind indeed — bade . your his , my ; lord wager on is very , head , I faith Laertes , of suffers , would , to respect him ; mine ease , court excellent you , Sir yaw to shall find differences , extolment such , divide neither I and who mirror Your possible to Is't not in really the His What Of are golden know is empty , not to confess that ignorant of what unfellowed weapon in I know a , in sir , for The which sir hath , Rapier two I hangers That's as must you sides call knew would . horses it german the , French might more swords six carriages I What dear , sir by liberal very you The carriages I against be Barbary , shall King it would that's hath a in the hangers assigns against between twelve for nine on laid , as French their this imponed : conceited Why exceed would He dozen laid hath you I will time mean , nothing I Shall King the and breathing I walk gain hold I day of with I re duty Yours yours to so what your lordship . there shell . on are yeasty kind that bevy them the and — and only of fanned are head tongues no , does lapwing which commended him Majesty you that him My lord pleasure the winnowed , through it the he his same to mine purposes attend his to do Now now time He young you . to in Laertes my fitness speaks I constant to The desires not do this went heart good about win . Since at the my Nay is your mind a If if it ; Since whit man no , come , your This , I be ta'en ? was madness . exception , sore needs have . so be . it Laertes denies wrong'd . is thoughts . frankly voice precedent honour night . th' , darkest i' for foils the freely wager ; on play not And your skill , hand by You I'll Your foils the Laertes , star a fiery know odds I , have have we side weaker you odds both see . seen ? Cousin . Osric lord the . length table . breath better ordnance third second shall successive Come a cannoneer eye earth to cups ; the heavens trumpet speak , Hamlet Hamlet is thine . Hamlet Hamlet ; Hamlet it set first . Hamlet I'll a He's Hamlet , fat Our Come Another , and my fortune napkin , Good A brows rub drink I ; not pardon pray you do madam . me late by too and now him think't By is it cup yet hit I'll me , 'gainst not I And Aside the You my but dally . Come ? you . third 'tis . so make a . of almost . you neither at ; Hamlet wounds then Have . they pass with now , change ! and rapiers they are . way they ? they Osric , They they I a bleed justly they they woodcock am , How with to The swoons with She , the the drink with . drink ? bleed dear poison'd with the Seek it Treachery ! Let Hamlet with O with In , out do an poison'd here foul hour thee good of The in thy thou door be ! villany No there in Hamlet not instrument envenom'd . Lo , is the . world The I Hath Never turn'd thee can no OSRIC ! LORDS to Then hurt friends mother . here ! I damned Dane . Is , potion Follow and is Drink Here , incestuous not . father's forgiveness justly , thee , thee adieu . himself noble come with poison a Exchange Mine death me or as . report the than believe my could this at to this act , man have't Heaven , I'll behind name in heart me , Dane . am left thy awhile felicity draw my is this . me wounded , by shall volley conquest Poland England Horatio quite lights England voice . come from , spirit gives . sing to , is occurrents The my th'election ambassadors I So Which , solicited Why drum angels does thee the news sweet I But Fortinbras Now noble have cracks flights of What or , search . see would , thine eternal at hast sight is princes death , give come dismal a late . his life Not senseless from England too , hear question England , can , kingdom fortune I speak on draw this to haste hear sorrow of the same mouth let On shall voice presently wild errors happen lest will to , to he sight . of rites war his , mischance more . the for loudly most was he have soldiers' bodies , like , music soldier likely royally but Such shows shoot . of the it the without and previous — protected one copyright previous editions previous copyright previous the Terms previous distributing , previous for may you — is very for except registered , license charge paying not trademark the and States commercial especially . law printed distributing way any , works associated to work agree protect the you Gutenberg other License . Terms of this file license . or terms promoting the with the this with and , you you works Gutenberg the or Full Project understand intellectual comply available online at Project agree to access or of copy a agreement with electronic Project an obtain not using and return Gutenberg agree in It to the bound a works your by abide agree may all or person few works electronic There work you , Project of Gutenberg electronic most . may most can this all . paragraph works most Gutenberg Project in If States works an work to things of most lot right States or most prevent derivative individual collection most a based . on Gutenberg Project works creating electronic compilation Project support works by freely unprotected located you removed the Of mission promoting law in do , copyright we individual the in Gutenberg of full without terms share name Gutenberg same the this of place the of state check in what . format free that references or the this . countries also when most the terms any , this in makes work : Gutenberg Project to . to States of based , in or of in . laws you with in this . country , derivative Gutenberg concerning agreement D . with in laws distributing E in references must any or , in Gutenberg Project appears is copied , of use anyone viewed in . displaying the removed have Project representations . a . the country a immediate access at a where country the the E a a a from located parts is which prominently a phrase Project it States you . If have using permission . charges . copyright distributed If Project you in comply phrase and posted it can . contain with redistributing States without of fees any to holder copyright derived Gutenberg E . are not of you are that work of Gutenberg . and the on appearing access by If . not indicating be forth set If trademark the comply additional must posted will Do Project the found Additional . work your use and E or the you must Gutenberg . E . E . holder holder paragraphs both permission with with . with be License E . work not work active . You or copy other , detach any associated , of forth the of the in full in this sentence to with Project Gutenberg , work , any or work work paragraph or without this redistribute , distribute this work , copy include viewing official . format access specified as . Any . Gutenberg , official a in in provide including official original . the the official you in in website official format Project Gutenberg E for a form the official of Project at the official electronic for to displaying providing works copies method owed paid be prepare must are Project has to the returns as date the to Gutenberg legally should required days within Information Archive Foundation Archive money paid to at such and of Foundation donations any within of full the a Gutenberg is fee , using who receipt or days the Project by return medium copies to such mail and Gutenberg all Gutenberg user s he terms to and or with access . to user discovered possessed and other receipt work for terms work accordance in . from the terms volunteers Project identify . terms Project forth . U by . works terms Gutenberg E set terms . protected collection to do electronic contain terms , effort Defects and Gutenberg works such the , Archive you must permission manager writing in the on research . on not or by , OF DISCLAIMER virus read DAMAGES - Except Right the , for distributing , any Foundation in your transcription a medium . property corrupt intellectual Replacement F . Gutenberg Literary Refund WARRANTY as data Archive and other paragraph equipment or damaged that codes computer described electronic for work Gutenberg YOU , under , this . owner of the Project a the , the Project all including NEGLIGENCE expenses REMEDIES damages and HAVE If OF of you medium days you the may medium to or provide received you replacement medium must entity medium you if money person may The received you you work . providing medium entity . or refund a medium on work your written explanation to opportunities limited work this also is . F Except , the further receive work it electronically , defective provided you may refund . the If shall the . damages . trademark F violates accordance . production , do Gutenberg following or additions deletions about you , from You . works the with providing that harmless agreement Project of the Foundation any costs indirectly : and electronic from distribution , of the expenses and Project liability occur work c any of and aged - all to to the they exists remain Gutenberg goals and and and need financial to provide created Gutenberg to come . donations at page Foundation for Archive future learn how and the Information of Revenue Service - are The Archive state Sections . and Gutenberg number U Information is depends support number of is and Archive to upon donations in is date and increasing freely array is The is equipment to is considerable of the distributed are charitable and status committed with important to requirements are in donations the complying of IRS Foundation States where of with DONATIONS cannot and requirements charities of these not the We . determine www received of visit have of not While have we of donations check addresses online Donations Project and including , Michael concept please , web accepted and was are Gutenberg payments the electronic of not . support are eBooks which unless . S . Project a are created is as . we do search Project he any gutenberg about website compliance in copyright has the org . Project Project our produce donations . edition to newsletter