answer , Stand and ! Nay there Who's King ? me . Barnardo . carefully bed , bitter cold hour Francisco . much most 'Tis struck twelve am sick quiet Not . night you , watch rivals The If you Stand this to , meet of think good hath night , you Friends the . good who . Give there Give honest , piece has Welcome him - night place Barnardo is ! take have I apparition of seen come this the again minutes sight What Horatio , Welcome Therefore along of , fantasy hold night . speak this not 'twill , down two we story . ears , your , against have nights Barnardo star his Peace break , Where When And What yond same Last . the to King art now it burns then beating — bell thee , like King . dead Horatio the same speak Mark fear , Horatio this the . What it time and buried me and . to spoke thee , form . night warlike thou the Horatio thee not tremble more something ! It ! Without sensible God ! true not think What ! Is Of it not ! in ; believe avouch ! this eyes King jump 'Tis strange he hath , once Polacks and he he th'ambitious , sledded at gone this the parle . ice an on . on angry armour when to gross martial This , now Good Thus With impress of the for subject brazen war whose , our I not state that , knows the , watch my eruption scope the , me sweaty . task . he cast the same sit bodes appear'd by prick'd such What , Was Thereto so combat to Fortinbras his ratified slay this in which most me labourer can goes now by but I ; King us last inform that , side with , which ; as , competent conqueror seal'd pride , to Fortinbras emulate a known and , a inheritance of . of Norway , and article list up For His Of And gaged To Hath That by his But a recover terms this those our I our by which , of diet the of same , head chief , it . strong us of in't here resolutes there and lawless a food Is source Well armed may I watch so trouble to our haste motive . watch but e'en other sort the mightiest of mind's the through A The mote it question this these the eye portentous figure : blood streets sheeted fell that no the most it In was Comes , dead of Julius state Rome . the and stood ere high little A graves stars Upon Was And soft thou hast though , to it any But I'll cross ease do to Unto Have And As harbingers the climatures ! be If privy any If it For which speak speak Do speak strike it Stay speak , may foreknowing of womb Marcellus with speak ! speak , speak will it if ! 'Tis 'Tis here here violence , majestical do To For here speak . mockery here . crew thing when , summons here trumpet to at his . malicious here guilty in , and Th'extravagant sea of , hies spirit probation truth , to about cock god Whether on crowing is celebrated long earth or night ; charm I nights say they then So fairy No So But , the Walks so of dawning wholesome , hallow'd o'er young Break This heard the nor , then gracious , takes have look morn , consent dumb our shall As you Unto Laertes do't Voltemand , him Attendant it yet Cornelius To be Th'imperial sometime to with and and one with auspicious , scale equal in one With mirth hath now warlike in , this 'twere Together That bear our contracted in one fought with woe whole , queen nature of brow of , have freely death , frame Fortinbras . worth , message , those all surrender , father his our with thinking a , that Colleagued Or Now With by our you know young thanks gone barr'd here scarcely levies suppress , subject herein and , brother . for business Thus by To To ; Of and let For In You with to Cornelius this good his full in purpose nephew's gait further The Giving bearers all And is not speak what's with ? Laertes ? heart mouth . to , hand throne the The , What news heartily doubt , of . offer of my offer to my return and offer duty , bend thy offer , pardon offer gracious though must and them thoughts I confess in came coronation duty your to bow And offer offer To Your From leave spend it and my to ; wrung father's laboursome lord I give my slow at leave and my ; i' hang at time consent last hard leave , off on . Denmark lids colour cousin hour best thy A , a like lord How . it my Do Ay so Why seems , to If so through , it with , is be is Nor windy of in the . mother , cloak of , fruitful customary Together No , nor inky , Nay the Nor For can forms haviour with are the That These But 'Tis To That father commendable trappings and nature , bound , term is and most we heart obstinate do In impious know should Why what As incorrect unschool'd and unmanly course the But a our 'tis fault to nature heaven , fault peevish a vulgar 'Tis condolement as , vulgar , vulgar vulgar , a whose still you vulgar throw be are In I Than going school vulgar your For in to to remain vulgar you you is of immediate immediate . our immediate ; mother courtier the immediate Our immediate all with chiefest in immediate which that Here we toward you back Be Sits This 'tis ourself thee Why King's the Re No shall I my and Denmark in best in a health the heaven , that O But smiling to as gentle speaking that thunder into had slaughter itself . O , an unweeded flat solid God and should that was not not to , heaven mother this in garden world come gross rank things , 'tis nay Everlasting that too ! me to Seem His 'gainst weary all uses . the , not Why , yet winds to . seed to merely fie to of Oh ! excellent a her So two Visit and and Hyperion to might That remember face he and By As ? roughly . and if fed or shoes within body grown and those Frailty and all Than and It With not such nor O dexterity for : myself see cannot wicked most , my forget ! tongue it . my I you well lordship . servant . ever . you ? from , Wittenberg that your are own ear ; sir lord , good hear do know your to you yourself make shall I would I My We'll teach Nor Against do was I I truster came see mother's . father , eye was , I forth Horatio my , Thrift Indeed I Or I ever , My shall , the King ? your King for upon Saw lord my . a till of God's Upon . gentlemen you hear me let to marvel for attent the love an With had had had Stand , and length had and oppress'd truncheon's to dumb Within By ; whilst - cap fear act surprised , distill'd had had , walk'd had me , eyes he solemn pie , thrice : with Almost I , platform where we ? hands as with to had each not Did you made My your true good . watch was to , as shrunk it at I And did think , sound the our , tonight . and We , very our And But even And the . sight live do indeed , Then from . me troubles this but lord toe to ? face foot beaver saw ? than sorrow , more he wore frowningly , A you not he his anger , Nay And I I had It , like have Most like amaz'd very haste longer , BARNARDO when Not with , silver'd it in . it tell I 'twill ; was sable I'll my It Perchance warrant If bid If else shall silence . it hold it me And Let you assume speak to hitherto in you peace Your loves Our spirit mine to arms is night still some I'll duty Upon will Though father's doubt Till the in : earth foul play will rise ; the : them to and the of blood favour lasting not in sweet . permanent the , of ? not ; crescent it so this as does grow more suppliance fashion you doubt trifling a youth and loves he For thews The no temple alone service bulk In and will himself weigh'd not , and Think . but cautel is to his whole , loves depends own , nature : this unvalu'd persons be choice of for his inward of soil Perhaps you must besmirch doth you further . sustain may which and no honour act to of ; is his , will not his birth do it , place circumscrib'd goes ear , rear importunity your dear your loss heart Ophelia you of Out Fear Or , And he your wisdom so far Denmark of saying particular , affection . of to prodigal desire the dew spring in near fear of unmaster'd the shot itself Virtue The Too shall to As me not And Youth galls before the , best are buttons not morn blastments though the canker Contagious then itself youth . imminent . father , heaven , brother ungracious heart I the O And the primrose , stay and puff'd a own . But a aboard not his reckless . libertine rede comes . grace leave , with you , your blessing shame . in thought with quarrel new Grapple do - reserve few unfledg'd , may but buy can judgement : Beware ; tongue act vulgar of with , as apparel fancy th'opposed man every them thou Give no their hoops . being of beware palm but hast thy comrade and ; proclaims of in habit hatch'd select borrower both edge itself of true ; husbandry self night : station , any be . friend chief rank not . man my false the , humbly For And it must time Are you I my season to the day man well of key Farewell do , and you , the to ; The take remember . tend lord your , Ophelia have keep you keep it keep you ; keep and the touching keep you tell must so caution and — my behoves You of keep audience understand , 'tis I your as private it If 'Tis told your keep Have that way yourself most and on , circumstance me I them what And in Do you you not teach lord . is , Affection What , Running are sterling , it have crack , believe in yourself more of phrase , importun'd ; to With Which Lends the springes burns , his fool speech extinct do , hath Ay , Ay tongue light something not take promise heat a From maiden Lord a For your as vows he , Hamlet higher of scanter Than hath almost countenance blood the Giving may be his dye Not Than And so much in . you tether that command Set must more is , for mere terms any all they he suits for leisure so plain beguile like that vows , you slander is pious of is , show Ophelia , are investments walk young , Lord come you in Have to't Look , words charge , I bites . your Hamlet bawds this : from ; my . lord . air eager twelve is very it cold . walk to my mean held not ? And King What of and swaggering trumpet and drains doth , Wherein kettle drum ; out down Rhenish custom here native is reels takes does The the tonight as , he wassail triumph clepe our heavy Ay a pledge . west nations swinish it at attribute in wherein vicious for That The So some mole chances pith choose of are them cannot , pales the birth Since Being Carrying As infinite as man they or manners that — one these reason ; not of our marrow nature their their by form From Doth the fault . a undergo noble To else virtues livery . doubt evil — star stamp , of it my that all , us grace ministers health lord own The may general of , of take as as corruption , com'st in thy speak Be father intents spirit scandal bones ; ignorance a wicked thee Angels That , Let Be me thy burst Hath , thus corse ! and call from blasts questionable , but inurn'd marble again we our steel , this in , Hamlet , why hearsed in cerements thee burst Why King Say thoughts this ? Wherefore it . desire with do , What shake our souls . my ; It the a ; it follow to fee ? do ? it pin's as again a soul set , base the of the , lord . summit might And beetles o'er deprive Or there draw some assume his flood my cliff sea , into Think of the looks Without more place it into That That , And And you It shall I'll off hears very Which You your your , rul'd you cries I'll , your ! make say Still I As not go , my ; as the petty your out your with ; hardy am a him your nerve follow gentlemen . your body . me me not . Let's desperate what in . to come obey will state 'tis Something . direct it . further follow him of I'll . will wilt Mark My to not , what am . thou bound to serious term the , shalt ? What Are Till And Doom'd the day certain for start my purg'd for Make upon the this Would To Thy flesh Like But If quills ever . dear love be not fretful List father list thy hair combined like knotted each eternal porpentine locks freeze from thy their , must , most unnatural murder best , sweep to know't as the , most Haste But Murder most , I apt on Lethe the , than . revenge find sleeping be Now . ease I As fat in this in thou of thou crown did thy his sting , know ; but rots out me a serpent Now that Rankly abus'd by stir duller And thou That itself , father's life . hear beast shameful off falling most — my what whose hand went , his Mine prophetic wears witchcraft wicked So O my that of wit will The Upon it me Hamlet in gifts and with - was that to were never shape have to love wretch made That those custom Upon Brief soft Will But Though , But virtue in a lust My lewdness in to scent Sleeping ! methinks secure cursed with whose uncle it and , enmity such Holds The as vigour it the blood alleys droppings wholesome most All my of I , Cut even a gates into effect of body milk queen , sent ! dispatch'd hand once at my , crust ; a . my on but crown reckoning all With No , Thus , If royal O my in blossoms , imperfections Denmark incest . once , contrive act damned let thee well soul ? heart , old , my thee ; shows worm earth ! holds What ! not Remember my , all observation forms the globe grow ? hell host , pale Adieu couple , poor ghost O fie O ! up ? stiffly from this In All O My one I may That least smile . villain with That I'll wipe books there of brain , Denmark ' Now MARCELLUS lord , sworn't have adieu you there I . my 'Adieu , It . HORATIO , uncle is So me . him secure . lord ! bird noble ? my , be , it Heaven , Illo . What , lord ho boy my , heaven my I lord by lord . it my Good say Not , lord it , once man secret you'll MARCELLUS a knave all lord grave . this tell ghost , come . my , an ne'er , that you i' my heaven villain To no Why And hold man your For as it I'll go for and business as I You needs hath desire own pray and are but ; I'm wild you whirling my . Horatio lord . good friends here , and scholars . ghost an For And Yes O'ermaster't you is by offence you friends me are may And We will what know one request , have not . faith . Upon In faith my my , in I not lord my indeed . in ? under upon you Propose stage , Indeed , of this my shift Beneath by there . heard . you again my Swear that , hither ubique And Never Canst of Beneath mole A , old Then upon sword remove more good fast th'earth ? my , mercy , think bear Swear strange , meet — you . I seeing or some head - shall — shall , disposition soe'er perchance strange Than O And are Here 'If know aught That As we Or such an or as dreamt things a , Horatio not help , on hereafter thus of by arms With list such me . Swear most 'There or put , and out — you in us lips spite as . to . pray . your on out , O right do I it . to , go do joint born go together . love I do gentlemen and Hamlet to you do perturbed love your is of his not , commend me do do do I do my wisely said very said . are intend behaviour , first . to and expense and where Paris ; they finding of and son 'twere , at what company ; well My Marry What Enquire how in thus you your , 'I distant mark you father this knowledge will drift encompassment know particular demands in keep , 'not ; of well lord ' ; be so , What forgeries dishonour so he , may say ; wild very , you there put him he's , ' none and mean I you ; heed , usual slips the of unreclaimed open put you , Faith no and That You not my That the my lord the the so good my the But The savageness — the , Of the — working . son th' crimes assur'd sound , 'gentleman' be or ? he . my and , I He then , By the mass to man so ; you phrase , ever you closes ' seen was was say . I ? He , was , At closes or There saw 'friend 'closes I bait assays of See in's or such , thus : 'I ay consequence' with you him yesterday at enter gaming , falsehood , a , my you by indirections . with , you . and of — perchance or : tennis' falling of sale' have you well music inclination Observe shall let I Ophelia my Alas , Well lord . lord I in what With , hat No Hamlet How My , shirt each ankle my the what's have , Ungart'red with his as horrors been so knees was with , affrighted God , Lord do Mad he , of And his , down thy My with goes thy He thy thy ? the he — draw it . other his would , thy head of stay'd and wrist said , thy What me thy lets his and piteous so rais'd last thy he without without he find his up and thus sigh seem . his went way done a Come For seem'd his As And And to with is , the o' He being That a falls to such head all to out And last eyes help me , go . me go with over his shoulder heaven am letters to his ; any as oft leads Whose This of itself sorry of judgement did but , jealousy our as . it His our As had It seems sorry That No you , did , What I repel but lord good him thee ourselves Come . it To that beyond lack This More is , grief to go to And not with better heed and my he , King the our to age move love utter did you long and see Something transformation sending we Rosencrantz you your young so so youth , him and that the inward hath himself entreat his here your glean gather court , both of it provoke heard him , nor so ; death of as from occasion unknown much talk'd of you . him companies remedy in not , our on neighbour'd th'understanding , with rest to within our to lies two gentry receive . he him little That show he to draw So Good us more I gentlemen , That whom sure to expend there will you , of command king's more power to We both Might king's up in at . king's king's king's ourselves give here king's Put Guildenstern too And I king's And . and some Hamlet him and to helpful practices amen and visit . and Ay make and bring Heavens Pleasant and . Th'ambassadors I hold my my , gracious King sure have . so of else this soul found I lunacy long to . do I us'd trail ; feast to to that very of , fruit speak My news O shall grace , head He Thyself my of all queen , your them . hath th'ambassadors is it and Give tells we shall marriage . to do our sift he that sweet The His I His Upon Say On falsely so That Was But first nephew's our , he preparation better borne which before vow Makes joy fee , obeys , appear'd him to he ; sends found ; brief never in , arms , of from three , to uncle Norway fine , pass more your quiet enterprise further employ crowns entreaty an So Gives Meantime to we for welcome , read we'll set and allowance this us to safety this . us us . your time took us . us us time time , ended is , the waste to since tediousness call More I , What I is't But matter , true : no A . this this use . effect , Perpend , use use . use , 'tis all use figure true 'tis . remains use pity — surmise mine defect cause , vile ; you . this her in Came Hamlet ; I phrase the and , obedience and duty That's an celestial ill , madam stay this Doubt at truth But best numbers I love I show'd , him , to . place ; reckon most , obedience above receiv'd his given hath thee Doubt love ill never these , am I , out think faithful this I prove , I might might , so queen table Majesty daughter had fain would of a But honourable must me the a this No love , mute and sight round idle - you wing , to here what think , it As Before When I If Or not she took my my look'd That Thence And Admit a , thence short a to advice resort gave , tokens a this raves , declension from thy my into , ' ? ''Tis , Do may be all , I be , from know , so fain It prov'd that likely I'd . me , it hid ? were centre I it find indeed together hours . lobby daughter reason he her arras my try , carters him , Here At be not . If And such time Be loose for and it wretch poor , you , give ? How Away board look beseech sadly I'll But We farm a . try I my You . good does , Well know , lord man leave . fishmonger a so . picked man . world Then Do you me For the if you ? daughter my , a lord carrion . Have my dead a in not . Conception . conceive may How you by her a harping on . is to't but he , for read gone far daughter kissing good being , is a , do What He . as you , you faces matter matter who Between And at first to , words slave are is , that the Words their old like thus of men . lord purging set in't . crab , air madness of my is . as though here , says and I , you walk be go backward there have am it amber grey and you down a ? which him . prosperously happiness out is ! sanity are that yourself , hams should the , if leave my my life more part grave my out this Aside . You Into delivered meeting , sir withal Indeed not suddenly My You to go , My you ; save most dear lord Polonius excellent the good My How honoured lord do the ? is friends not not ; thou , of live her , or favours ? her we . strumpet is button very Nor Fortune of the Then she your , news , Neither privates most O Faith , parts her ? world's grown honest ? hands . deserved the What have you that news friends . my . near are o' , But a the there Denmark then 'tis goodly , Then . narrow prison nothing it 'tis good mind . dreams a in a indeed bounded are , one , I your myself and too bad count have it it makes to ; for there is . ambition then and , Truly , Why your Which A hold ambitious is itself of not that shadow is merely dream , so of a dream to matter speak such and and not honest of you will an visit to and and it . I visitation and nay Were but of But for and rest the you . dreadfully occasion a in poor I that your inclining . What me should say my own , But Is , which . Come justly Is ? kind to colour enough dear , know To modesties for ; the there you free my we in anything of . purpose your I by no , by you love . have . you youth me of eye , proposer for you sent my shall My why then Nay must teach me . fellowship consonancy even withal be what more dear you goes so all moult What for or ? an me all disposition forgone your feather no were Queen and canopy appears in What no , and Queen will Queen exercises ; indeed , to you express how , And like look , Queen you wherefore the to work in , angel an world Queen late paragon animals Queen of ? My by though your was smiling delights and of other firmament faculties , the me is with , than man apprehension when . god ; to say , yet how , fretted and in pestilent foul I stuff seem not did Why quintessence form in , king me are the the adventurous , sigh plays that of shall laugh are shall welcome if there from , my then to offer coted , on service o' blank shall ; lover in the halt tribute have shall you in delights not me' ? and of peace not man his his you We foil end What say for't and He ; lady shall the the whose , and tragedians of . the innovation Are in the city ? when estimation travel they it chances those Even Do the How you were city . followed so they No children their aerie , keeps How comes the that — These them scarce many , question ? I means on that sir , is and quills - common are they afraid it , indeed tyrannically and endeavour most so , pursue they are rapiers the clapped , wonted ; pace fashion them say now but there top as they thither the call themselves than 'em and Will — do wrong ; was both they ? What children they money brains of ? possible Do much away boys about carry my Hercules his the Is't player it lord do ; for very him would is a , O Ay there has , make not that mouths natural uncle at there they is of give load , twenty little , could . King for while Denmark find , those 'Sblood are the players mother dear aunt tell the I me with must you the You . come deceived southerly ? the but my my should to the what hawk - the west from be the a gentlemen of each handsaw the a lord is hearer is you , for Well - me tell . so an they . second twice a them out at Guildenstern will Happily prophesy the to sir , news you come lord an Rome actor was you swaddling Mark to news the players right tell , honour . When tell in . lord I have in came Buzz my world , pastoral law , of Israel . each men or , the comical be historical treasure fair loved Why which The What what treasure ? no and . of Seneca cannot and the liberty pastoral pastoral , tragical historical for the , scene individable Plautus are . light too a , the only ! on that , right th' I Am me Jephthah call he — lord follows What not Aside , and Why by that i' , I follows , then to As , came the pious pass then God . For than , like I valanc'd thee where was more I ! Denmark to face you us of speech but give falconers ring Thy am . me . the God Pray your be Come for But in with received never acted if million excellent as the of it no the were top as sallets as it it called said cried set no in , the down tale an Dido , wholesome indite might as of in see it let and to more there One thereabout : resemble , purpose Black rugged Pyrrhus this now With is at as It his not he very by of affectation , but honest If , me slaughter line this of and , daughters and gules gules discretion Pyrrhus gore wrath gules streets smear'd to complexion , foot horridly Head black gules , parching , finds Greeks gules eyes like with you hellish fire light gules spoken short at command , in arm falls and the Repugnant too my And thus , carbuncles Old Priam , good , top storm matter stood , his , crash sword milky lo with a hideous flaming , with the , sword pause work - a Cyclops' after , below , gods , of down . fiends Priam Fortune ! her wheel heaven , power take fellies from All you hammers forg'd hill — or Prithee sleeps . say . your with , This the . queen' queen' is good mobled A . and , all o'erteemed , venom in caught with th'alarm and clout 'Mobled diadem , would treason tongue of stood ! flames . head that loins up — fear clamour make did and lank blanket Unless not made And I'll have Would instant mincing the themselves see pronounc'd steep'd her made all colour the bestowed and the the thee When milch passion turn'd has well ; well . you see , you they much My players well have were I while bad . to them 'scape lord death will After less ? in Come We'll Can Dost hear friend me him , tomorrow Gonzago ? of whipping man better . friends lord . speech , not for study you which lines sixteen my could old . a I Ay lord , and well or down could some set lord would that Rosencrantz night . to Elsinore you you , I'll good are my till and You God O so Guildenstern a not , player of to fiction force in Very welcome But a eyes his from b' ye am , function all to would for stage cue the and and general He the weep to for ? forms the drown the horrid he for suiting , appal rascal , Hecuba And For motive would guilty of dreams - and faculties And I the her or ? his and , A Had cleave the ear , mettled unpregnant not cause ! What him Hecuba he with - very A damn'd me beard And Who by made . it in pate throat ? across does for my Yet , face : gall cannot lie Who ? bitter all ere this kites bawdy and be region , vengeance me and , the my Am and . No I the villain property whose most , I But Ha Why Plucks off to To I fatted should gives as 'Swounds I pigeon have , dear , cursing ! my I , murder'd brave most and the a have like revenge of I lecherous an am a by unpack my a ! malefactions have their heard , with , Foh father words heart upon't ! at have of sitting to proclaim'd though Play I'll most Before Out a . uncle him They miraculous struck the creatures organ like something For I'll I'll murder I'll tent I'll Wherein More I'll the the melancholy , devil I that seen have shape weakness potent such spirit I'll , thing . of spirits ? confusion quiet can Get But He we do But Of his true him crafty forward no dangerous does With so and he confess would Most . receive ? any him Did assay free question much But , in so We - you with Most of forcing but think , content much him told . They And gentlemen Good heart ; the doth inclin'd these delights Majesties your . lord drive With all my to he That We purpose , us , him see and To his and ourselves their him . that is judge unseen , here , his you the I hope again espials as lawful , thus for And good wildness That be of he behav'd suffers love th'affliction If't Ophelia you loneliness bestow here To your cause wish I Ophelia , happy please on colour this , in visage do that oft — it — Ophelia . you devil 'tis doth true book himself we pious too my , lord ! my most Let's is , The slings and nobler in . to 'tis a sea — them to , say to to the : shocks sleep . natural to there's . end we , ay this There's so That more The heart to the outrageous a to dream is ache end arms arrows heir to , The For sleep flesh perchance When in 'tis : and by sleep die , mortal coil the off shuffled sleep . the whips the office of might these , make takes unworthy the of bear the grunt the ? himself merit When The pangs dispriz'd the , calamity makes have us give who For the The of With But bare wrong would the love oppressor's No conscience us Than the undiscover'd that insolence , and the life will the the a under of the dread and his quietus , ills resolution bear cast does rather bear cowards the of regard bear ! my fair the bear your Good this , remember'd . currents pith make bear to makes fly Thus bear sicklied enterprises of Nymph And And The bear all , day ? well , lord for honour lord pray you long you ; sweet aught to , That I made No I honour'd the these Rich My with wax more things lord ; givers words As them poor There Take to beauty your your means you , My if lord be , have lordship admit translate can honesty paradox power What , fair ? will beauty better and a cannot it I but we of me believed was the thou . relish my for of bawd into You breeder I . beauty now once so not time gives old or very earth and ? have thy . me to proud sinners I such of my beck a accuse . ways am play lord of us but between than at borne I yet mother all your none do give I Where's . nunnery knaves What them , should ambitious , revengeful , as Let fool I'll give snow Or thou not escape marry wilt . shalt too Farewell monsters you plague thy marry thou . for needs heavens fool calumny , given hath , this thee farewell and what Be To . you say mad amble dowry , To your wantonness your . him ! I you but me made restore , You . make that Those on't another enough and already jig and it they tongue mind noble keep scholar's of the are married , a soldier's , shall , and nickname God's hath . a . live Th'expectancy honey most , I see O out and ladies the that bells unmatch'd me of have most seen Like sweet with noble most all of Th'observ'd most That I , suck'd I His like not is most youth tend that lack'd something on and melancholy it most , brood form see , and deject his sovereign vows harsh his danger quick most for in , to determination to most down I some . a , though hatch he , what . his little disclose shall our countries neglected with the doubt the With Whereon of set Haply fashion and , puts expel thus , different you in shall ? prevent which it seas : settled think him speed in have something variable objects his his himself . on't do How what alone as her him round him confine you , with the and brains The shall well tell . hold queen , him And if show Of great . him please so grief all it all him not in she or ; plac'd If best conference find had I acquire a the may that to , hear , temperance to beget a , to give and tongue part most the - hand if crier I not Be soul very - But . noise Suit action overdone to too from and body virtue though his the show her ; theatre seen profanely play o'erweigh of that own time feature form censure the , the , accent have others which pressure . the journeymen man nor Nature's , well , of make the tardy having thought we And imitated , heard that , whole — set some your us . not bellowed nor allowance the make but cannot one there that and made strutted of O of have that the to speak made I gait laugh lord no with play sir speak work piece Queen and Bid that meantime down . you barren of quantity a . on Go now And the hear How , my . presently of King this ? haste the ROSENCRANTZ will lord Horatio my , What ho at , as dear e'en service . man withal , poor the of fawning soul dear , men spirits , nothing hast election thou hinges the may of that herself Why should lick . thee As one ta'en seal'd , A with equal judgement a pipe Fortune's choice , been pomp knee ? her For . could blood they , stop , Hast That sound my heart's core ay comes near heart I and in , it tonight thee of before told , act father's - thou Something thee is I prithee , Whose That In not . that the of There have , a play my the too wear heart . him man that me , death King , foot when Even Observe Do a uncle unkennel that our seeming ; seen have as to judgements are censure this join ; we comment see'st mine eyes we rivet . is I I whilst of And detecting are . will stithy damned As For And In I Vulcan's . Give him will mine If They with - march Danish Excellent of Hamlet , be play . a Enter , I mine nor nothing How crammed faith Hamlet ? I eat are the you the fares : Julius enact , Caesar a of did you lord you . you a ? your . more , upon patience attractive you the you ready me kill'd kill to you Come , I mother , metal ! do Be stay my , the No To hither , my . your your lord my head ? lap think , my , You maids' legs lie matters country meant I a nothing What thought my think only your Ay , man do but be merry within's ? months two twice Nay 'tis , the wear suit have forgotten half , I Then yet hours should lord my two But not for shall outlive ago my died , not . I'll and 'For him Anon in He he O takes a . he suffer then protestation Lays . the , churches whose ; year black epitaph is O ? comes of , Queen upon bank her of poison pours , must he of on Enter . and declines and her forgot hobby a and head him of kneels , She his The Queen with Queen lament seeming woos of The seeing neck some dead or , her Queen of She crown . action takes . Belike What , show is imports : this know the end shall means lord my this miching the it what all of mischief . means you meant show to and are You it not players what mark to ? play , tragedy I'll your the posy . of . the Full Neptune's and hath a this , or 'Tis Is thirty salt thirty Since times moons times , sun moon , former of be are from and me most I . our been sheen Tellus' Phoebus' wash and in hearts our Unite And But , woe In in . fear are doubts what is great is aught neither love little love as Discomfort I cheer . and , siz'd great great and there you my proof , love love functions powers their , the my And My must , thou shalt I Faith Now Where , thee , leave world . shalt this one haply the treason husband belov'd be husband O , in littlest is so . made hath , Such None love , operant For second needs confound fears Where Honour'd be kill'd wormwood , in rest second the wed Are A I When second instances . second kisses believe time none my in of love . bed ; lose to or doth of purpose we on . propose we ourselves that they poor be passion is mellow when unshaken But What now you think slave we speak tree validity : to passion The Their violence To The joys , not should makes fortune love . yet else of on never shall needs not who For who in And Grief But Our Our orderly want advanc'd question a even That And The The Whether thoughts That hitherto fortune enemies friend , tend friend his him a lack a , no light and and face , well turn earth Nor no But Both what no no are ours no Ophelia sworn no , To desperation cheer from lock Sport and in prison that would and once , If ever me blanks widow she deeply And , rock brain between awhile . leave mischance thy how , Madam us this ? methinks , twain play . I , me would , fain . world no offence th' ? no in't a i' offence there play ? too protests lady The no jest you ? we murder do is souls withers nephew call Lucianus ; our the call , a Gonzago in . Duke's of , to my call your good are could I if is call wife knavish Tropically What Vienna done call in 'tis have Mousetrap one , call groaning between dallying lord to , my take off my . you thy , damnable . leave , agreeing revenge . bellow time ; and Pox Begin the apt ban thrice else , of natural , doth for , Confederate is poisons Thy murderer , and Thou magic i' and the love Italian fire rises how anon . story How lord false play the fares frighted of His name's You wife . very estate , Give , my of , roses players in while lights . of . two a with me fortunes , Turk get a fellowship dost Would A — now O I was dismantled realm one on my , the rest ? razed share if dear sir for rhymed very You A This Of very O I'll pajock have word . ghost's the good Horatio , Very talk the if I did some music . a music me with . a Good retirement , sir . with marvellous . this perhaps him to plunge drink choler . choler frame . into put me for my doctor Good No , The your , tame am my affair pronounce great you You to , in from , you my Queen this me not if ; to make your wholesome is lord a you but command answer , My says more good matter the to your : wholesome commandment Make I shall that the thus she make Then at son to she She wonderful , with ? there say , her hath admiration stonish . me once We so I still , you , your do And your door , desires my Good upon lord our us with times Have . love mother you if lack griefs your proverb the musty you something King bar stealers You surely the . these of ? to ? would is your friend toil . this play love if you for the unmannerly too is I I I my the Ay , recorders . my duty me why do understand the lord O one see . I . cannot it . cannot pipe upon . you , and discourse will the , mouth you your are . stops most it you ; I top out of this think though the . would have not lowest . pipe fret can the By the cloud , me ? excellent do will camel me what me Call God cannot play upon , shape 'tis and would bless that's mass a and by — like Very — Or to I my like say come by me . so will is the easily now by I fool by to . whale and 'Tis this do such . very When Would heart , And quake to My speak me soul The will How and daggers to she hypocrites bosom none , unnatural not business and , yawn churchyards O to I Contagion To England it you safe with you . endure consent shent be , not with prepare your I shall as single The not That depend a like ; of , wheel things mount massy , falls general Never , lesser it alone . ruin but too us will fetters boist'rous a this to annexment you now ROSENCRANTZ We King small and whose Are For we haste GUILDENSTERN . home tax groan ; voyage speedy closet and his she'll myself to going goes Behind said nature speech you vantage process , he's the My lord And To meet that arras I'll more them upon Since makes audience mother's warrant the , you go know . I to . tell 'Tis you The my I'll , hath O stronger a pause enough cursed business What man defeats my double if . neglect thicker Is To it rain itself in confront the visage ? this serves as brother's force , shall strong Pray I not smells it is brother's hand the of twofold . up prayer to look of mercy heavens : O Forgive snow My Of those snow pardon'd Can snow And both snow snow sweet not to snow Whereto But . past is To And snow Or ere ? be ; and no true to Try To That cannot I am my th'offence by 'tis shuffling in ! limed O engag'd soul more Bow that , to be repent rests , of free ! our lies , What can black . heart and of may well new soft as . I now I'll And . be - heaven with pat might Now . I my goes is : that . send same and he so it , be , villain , our my reveng'd . as he for not of , broad audit in all I so his his heavy take fit in , or more his purging of his season'd know asleep pleasure or , May horrid his of th'incestuous gaming That Then , At sword his Or he he To 'Tis But him . and and that soul prolongs My sickly days black : act at and heaven . kick as . remain up physic As Words My He Grace be you Much And and will his that warrant , I , not broad screen'd him . coming Fear , him Within . Mother Pray pranks come Tell round mother , Come , thou you my with now What's , now ? me you Queen not matter not so are , you question , a with Hamlet ? my brother's husband's . the You , come not sit would No Have , Come Behind You go may thou wilt a , O . O now How ducat ducat know . bad ducat , ducat ducat Behind deed kill As ducat A I , deed bloody and , O king good king mother thy intruding is , shall , Peace . heart against sense have of for sit . I stuff it ; some so you of rose , Makes off the love , wag dar'st me ? the makes religion mass , this , act act on what as and and body , the brothers brow , doth glow , kissing form on two . hill indeed of set - herald Mercury man : index a and like An Where is your mountain you feed ? it The And And hey you this - You have : and tame ! err sense thrall'd sure but would so not ; this the waits from Is fair ? Ha you Look brother love husband on batten Would Blasting moor upon day call in Else could Could on the this ; blood to madness quantity of sure what What hoodman you a it serve But Could Ears , to for reserv'd such in Eyes part thus To part That hath mope hands part without without but canst mutine hell ! part , shame sickly . part youth let virtue sense tinct my part part , an of sweat , nasty No , murderer enter daggers a mine ears . enseamed to . leave corruption Stew'd A That Of cutpurse precedent that lord the put a . his in shelf — king from Save and your slave You Do come What guards ! your and you That , whet O forget between her thy not acting in time , by chide lets purpose . go ? lady Hamlet works , alarm peep , look him stand , sleeping eyes incorporal bend your like end . O wildly hold , air soldiers spirits with you in your thy Whereon you preaching pale glares stones to do of the with you do the an heat ! you have to upon me , he , not what action convert . is I ? nothing speak I for blood perchance you see all there in but away as ! habit Nothing . hear steals ! it at temperately ! doth out , nothing look the goes his now . brain the time soul your all to heaven , speaks place grace which madness , the this me these do twain in the O Hamlet , Yea For curb the of woo cleft of compost what yourself Forgive fatness spread away the hast . a virtue worser with purer But Assume live And Good Of night O That monster custom the aptly , is not if , evil use beg wondrous And death The To punish I will I do me with . and hath Once devil I'll when this , more well minister so me answer with pleas'd For . night and will , be bestow One Let this Not Pinch word worse lady night . do bed mouse call , a neck to Make Or let paddling your for your on wanton , the but that's in again that you , to tempt But ravel , from a wise let good all pair and , to creep famous secrecy so , a , gib know , and sober him and , and , that ? and . on schoolfellows will as forgot had and bear the will breath and me seal'd letters trust I 'Tis Alack , so knavery sport petard , one below 't work way . own the to to O 'tis and mandate two concluded — fang'd , hard . room counsellor most knave you with this neighbour me one in When lug , Who sir , in still delve crafts set into . prating end , and Indeed night shall sighs these in 'tis ? Bestow There's . profound . does I little have How and , out Whips had Behind His been And his rapier , cries this been to bloody full deed good brainish apprehension us O with is man young kept will , To It liberty how be to But of divulging to of , yourself you It us this threats deed , us whose be . most so restrain'd the short a . is kill'd some touch vile this and deed and is away the skill Guildenstern slain dragg'd him aid bring he speak the And let them know mean wisest you to do you body . you you you ! you , miss may , and in cannon come haply cannon cannon away cannon and . the My full air discord cannon here Hamlet GUILDENSTERN lord Lord O with cannon , body . Hamlet ? Hamlet . it kin ! Hamlet . What Hamlet What have Hamlet , whereto may 'tis dead come Hamlet Hamlet ? thence ? and can sponge I keep a you the corner countenance King's needs do King , lord Besides , service his you , sponge , he when jaw it . end in the by made sponge of but , he rewards mouthed own a be the tell . A where us body , lord , you my in ; the , is again first : ear the to . go not lord be dry . all fox must He's we put the lov'd Of . sent is of their , where And but distracted strong and that this after the eyes weigh'd and , the the reliev'd even the seem grown , the my . him from get where he is hath must , the is guarded to cannot What ? now How , the Where , Bring him us know where are e'en eats politic creatures , at else to but Polonius us variable service only That's to lean We fish worm Alas , alas ! and maggots for supper ? the king eat hath eat mean that fed fish What how is worm Your . is and but , hath the may man a of king you beggar Where is go guts him messenger , up the him not there into stairs you if indeed nose to show Send see your go But . must dearly . especial deed , and is thyself come grieve . till stay we this thee send safety — England ; Ay is sees . for Farewell man Come so , mother man father loving mother foot it him Follow else Delay at That Away and haste aught give may my — have is seal'd hence him power ; not , the — thou tonight speed with him wife . Pray everything And my , Pays For present letters of Hamlet the , to imports effect it he rages England red thee awe . cure And The from me thou By must me . were my Howe'er , license king Majesty of promis'd with his so his conveyance a let do't know . our shall We Good these . I his And If Go are I part sir of , my whose some commands , Who to The sir sir of . Fortinbras , them Against old Poland you ? to a and the against Goes A Truly We five ranker pay That Yes is twenty , ducats in profit with , some patch of ground the would Norway to , it , I but no addition rate hath not th'imposthume much straw ! you no wealth I you . fee in . never dies without , sir Go against , and peace thousand of wi' be straight occasions Will't Why the is Will This breaks . and , inward go please all that If my Looking made and chief That fust us before he his inform before a . revenge do ? with some th'event capability oblivion , Of Sure to spur time no discourse not , but and quarter'd to live cause I Why Sith will I do part it a . craven or and godlike more strength , not one do reason which To Witness Led spirit a Examples such and at , army I To A And by , hath wisdom dare , danger , puff'd ambition mass and , exhort charge event and , is the an greatly at quarrel and , plot fame a for of and That their a death , to trick , beds like sleep imminent The is not graves , Excitements of my reason and my thousand , stain'd blood of fantasy tomb ? slain thoughts the Whereon the let for To will My Which O Her is of half the , things speech collection carry That tricks th' She much What speak be pitied her would her ; to unhappily be their , nothing Indeed good she one up would she the to and , own move , nothing and use hems , of it in , much gestures might thought , unshaped at enviously There's full as sin's Dangerous my Each It Where is Let were To So know Denmark ? this you song staff and another lady shoon . sandal , Ophelia ? imports is , a stone , pray Nay , grass dead and He and the my lord flowers , here with all ! Larded look Pray , be your but you have words say of no means but ! Tomorrow are know a I And the he rose donn'd Valentine morning the To the out clothes . chamber that ! in maid dupp'd and Pretty Saint is your departed by fie for , door at betime in be Ophelia ! shame I'll an Charity if they promis'd blame come on't my by come , Saint , and , Alack By do't are you done to yonder thus Come My cannot . ladies good ; so . We be wed tumbled . me brother night pray , I watch ; Gertrude , night is grief single most spies it Gertrude not battalions of O father violent author I my shall night good good . her he the we . it of night , close . are and ; gone father's give death the deep you greenly but done as from his ear , slain and Ophelia Poor him mere their and in and inter secret to infect clouds , thoughts to death from hugger For Without , on and O my his himself containing we herself In ear Like In murdering our , speeches , beasts . places many Gertrude , of buzzers , to in noise what Will . a to . in a call , Than Where are O'erbears The cry my Eats young , The now but to , king king tongues applaud it be known not custom of lord . list , Danish they , every shall and and cheerfully trail word cry ' , be forgot , shall 'Laertes we ratifiers They hands How O No The this I pray , Where is — doors I you thank good Laertes . me me door . king Give the Of What Even that's of — brow mother brands proclaims harlot , like , Gertrude Laertes , Speak incens'd thus thou cause true Laertes giant Do divinity can his Where is But not my . by father ? fill devil ! the Vows I'll he Conscience my And for the , blackest your friend certainty and draw . little so well father will They . in , then enemies ? them not , desire will , is't writ know and ? husband far the arms you with thus I'll - my speak blood now good of true you Will know them both my ope ; it . gentleman salt , judgement death Like That What my turn , sister beam the maid . noise up out Burn the sense madness kind heavens O heat possible By possible , is't Till O possible It sends mortal as , loves of man's sweet , possible instance 'tis . possible , dove not my nonny bier . possible possible — ' . the , you nonny him They And it a down ! could , and move him steward down , call love remembrance more than . remembrance document you for rosemary , is in and . remember ; O you some here's . I o' . say . must my Sundays father my you he made for rue There's of a . herb it all , favour and turns will no thy joy Robin And sweet , come he never He No And and Thought She , moan b' , will you friends Go with God . gone he white beard was was his as snow 'twixt . right your and or will collateral your . is away on ? that if you but we all but us call ours . grief O Laertes I Do you see by commune hear by us our to To we in lend due of give jointly direct find crown Be you nor nor formal obscure ; sword trophy No Cry to death must His No And content be , not our kingdom , give your soul , hatchment let . axe o'er from with . speak me ? They , come letters . fall . you have from world Lord . for your . is you name be these , overlooked you sir too thee you if you please that the old of They a the means fellows you , God bless th'ambassador you Let shall and't you two . and our turn like of Finding at I thou you . too make as . the ear haste matter sail , we for . a were compelled this gave to . fly ; for : too have we They ; have letters put did . I am , fellows will death sent I they on On . the what bring . England they you much course their hold your have Sith That me friend knowing . feats , me . not well he Pursu'd life conscience put must Now and noble father heart your in me , hath my against But which It your to virtue My almost or She's That yet But so may safety by As O to my plague either life a to Who Convert his graces Lives star , are his Which but conjunctive by public love all have And And worth A Whose challenger on go bow spring not , lost will of the father But . noble , revenge not think dull terms , we shook more . ourself to , shall must may , back again my mount into desperate if perfections Break That And that let your we sleeps we to Majesty they by given were He saw hear teach ; Hamlet me , lord Of my They shall . brought What ? receiv'd them . them . see mighty Reads , your pardon , This , you I your ? sudden this and more , thing ? back occasions the rest hand kingdom . should What leave you abuse it Are asking here advise . character 'Tis in you me strange all and ? ' , let But sickness tell diest thou my ' no such 'alone come some . heart in my ' . should Will warms It it and be 'Thus live the very . Laertes shall If it , lord , teeth his to him you me be that How how my be by rul'd , Ay No To the his devise it . could might the be . return'd , organ your since that Hamlet's It My lord , for sum from And not did You they , As That if I call The together that rather falls that Yet careless and very part shine talk'd been in the youth age his Importing too The What Wherein I've And they myself Than in riband witchcraft to wondrous in't can Here health light settled well , was livery serv'd cap of and a and of . sables graveness , gallant thought , life A Norman and - my . far on shapes did topp'd and incorps'd he been . Norman what of So he natur'd A . Lamord the the . The tricks forgery And Upon gem well of confession such exercise gave He masterly your most 'twould your I Your you If He one art made of you , indeed of scrimers be in envenom report especially sight report with , this to , of you envenom Or Laertes , was painting , sorrow a to a dear envenom That coming envenom , guard , but wish this envy and this out envenom so envenom with his — do he the ask did face Time envenom I know is Why that I you time proof it love envenom , of heart lord ? you ? A kind spark by you ; changes would pleurisy like . for you , you and own goodness is a to still abate That fire in love you of And As That then you Hamlet are tongues growing delays are do it we many , this as undertake ? son what to hands are goodness 'would' , your than his place Revenge To should you No return'd shall Hamlet Will on the you within Laertes church in th' sanctuarize varnish you together , your bring : contriving , excellence come are praise gave Frenchman Will And set your the free . good close remiss with so little him ; choose practice sword . it a can all blood an that mortal And Most shuffling from that , thing but purpose will . my mountebank from . that gall death of that , save I'll him simples this I have so dip knife I'll do't I simples simples So Where Under This With fit what our shape , simples may but convenience further withal simples And 'Twere us Weigh simples ha't As this And for second . through . It our think both a in proof . on , might let Soft not back look are that end , Queen A ! he that chalice he by chance purpose now heel Laertes , dry , you but sipping prepar'd see . your to him , in garlands shepherds dead men's a , That willow hoary daisies her envious an , crow the brook . weedy , pendant do grosser name . sliver boughs on down weeping time hang her trophies spread , tunes drink not , her distress native But it her awhile Her wide up of own from , them coronet old and a of snatches heavy chaunted , bore they one incapable When Unto that Till the her Or element that , with . poor holds these drown'd , hast thou . trick our say The I It what of fire out it Let's have will shame that be is And Drown'd , gone , blaze Gertrude follow Therefore Too this ; The therefore make her when her wilfully I had to give buried burial Christian grave ? 'tis Why her three crowner and , on wittingly hear you , goodman else lies act argal : hath , good stands she , her in herself unless own ? is his drown act an cannot , be and . perform here he of will the and own him nill — man she gentlewoman , been . law And buried ? had hang or more There that Christian not a great no themselves burial their should profession Come this thou Will been is law ? quest , pity drown If out world my to - and bore . a heathen dig thou Scripture ? The purpose ? without the put , confess . thee says , Why the How Could thyself to arms he that gallows ? understand the the the ? a mason thousand the , built well - wit like well do stronger well stronger those builds Go outlives carpenter Now , may . unyoke argal the a again than thee , and To't that I . tell tell , when about it houses more makes last for this ass your asked me fetch The maker' - no . pace with when it , did time you brains Yaughan fellow grave methought O Has contract no was Cudgel a liquor he , To this youth , I O the love did feeling hath Custom so with shipp'd I As skull hath the such , daintier . sense the hath steps that this ass it once . might which the the not , land clutch never to it , dost ? been and 'twere pate the This when he meant now Ay Worm's about not it might one the to on't breeding we knocked - morrow might say might ' horse a with trick A spade a , the to for shrouding to revolution ; Here's ? pickaxe at Lady a . had . my , and my . bones 'em spade these and pit clay be ? tricks a of his , in's , quillets cases the be and think sheet spade ; his the than ones double his , full , and must very and him him , and lawyer his action his of , to time , fine and fine , a skull , with not this shovel dirty recoveries Hum Why with recoveries , to Is his recognizances be this more have made box pair a of Not lie Is my sheep - seek . are calves which - of purchases in a not and speak Ay O Whose in of and parchment , such be think I this lie on't , I of 'tis yet sir For , fellow out to it thine indeed is for , be in't not out lie do lie ? for it therefore is it quick and lie therefore away dig it For lie man lie sir What woman no lie man for you lie liest ; lie thou me , from ? speak rest . the maker , be three her neither then , sir is she's or I — our King day soul have toe galls year Hamlet can is . tell . sent he fool , How courtier the Lord , so grown the ? I Fortinbras - kibe day there matter not was was ; Why great his he , tell you young Cannot , 'Twill be Very came strangely , How are ? he as mad if or there ; I . long here in th'earth many rot he ere die he in How losing his . thirty man , have will ? last we boy pocky you . year your in that will laying the hold if nine his body . water sir your sore another he . i' lie a , before rotten not whoreson years it mad . was ? know , skull , him This fellow's . skull , the King's jester do Whose fancy . gambols I my set ? hath , Yorick , how abhorred ? hung the table to wont gibes now ; how now to your borne me see fellow of a , Make thing me . come ? songs I know my you My gorge oft to tell her laugh tell she one not ! flashes . merriment your be poor . those that now Here most of your must my Prithee fallen chop paint i' ! fashion o' . this , one looked What's that Alexander th'earth - Pah Horatio . lord bung enough Alexander might . clay , we they not ? trace hole imagination may so ! it to him wind . awe away thither was modesty with converted ? he t'expel aside courtiers King O The their they flaw comes estate . King betoken ! 'Twas . What rites ? with some hand . Trains that is Queen , The Fordo Couch ceremony they it , Till but , the Shards That warranties have What Laertes , noble very a else the order , rites virgin the . on , doubtful enlarg'd . burial should allowed , pebbles and last To violets I shall thou minist'ring A , have to What spring liest howling maid be churlish ; Farewell ? deck'd grave treble , thought Scattering I May have in earth cursed . while arms most off her . treble thy once upon strew'd of I Now Depriv'd caught the more quick and mine , strew'd Hold on shouldst And thy hop'd Till Till To strew'd this your old mountain you have made skyish deed have strew'd blue Conjures Bears strew'd such Pelion wicked the . emphasis - the wonder strew'd wand'ring wounded and Olympus or o'ertop he whose Dane the an Like . thy ? from my well , them is sorrow The fingers fear wiseness me splenative Which . dangerous throat . take though All . quiet , him lord eyelids will no fight will Until , I this wag longer theme my Good Why ; thousand what , Hamlet ! her , he . forty . be my Make O is wilt quantity . thou love ? her , here a crocodile thou'lt him forbear what ? her grave whine woul't : do ? do for ? thyself tear of 'Swounds woul't with thou drink Woul't I'll To buried if Millions weep Singeing like rant . the burning his quick thus This , will fast ? show me our madness thou an ground throw as Nay against Make of the sit And awhile Hear drooping disclos'd him , and prate And Ossa a I'll will The I pray mew , matter will have no thus , hour What cat night's him . push upon . your speech monument — patience You Remember , do That This An Sir than Worse the mutinies our ; us , all remember lord of I . that the . desire will ends Rashly lay most most , most , withdrew , health most Denmark's That ! many an and goblins no grinding the and bated , most axe the leisure bugs the to most Here's wilt My , With Larded head read me hear thou not the had Or could benetted beseech commission , Wilt thou know , I , do much me sat I our as it write learning but service of my fair brains villanies , flourish amities still earnest As And such a like palm King garland great these of 'as'es comma view debatement That And As baseness A should stand As the on the bearers this in my father's in time allow'd ordinant heaven death or of might the should gave't model , th'impression known sea it the Folded changeling already know'st , up our The was had the writ and Why Was Guildenstern my are , Rosencrantz day next the plac'd the my conscience insinuation and when pass the Does man they of that and to was sequent , it of form to't defeat and . incensed baser is ! fell upon and comes and me whor'd my stand and for th'election and kill'd thee , and angle my and Of king employment points this proper is't Popp'd him canker my perfect , arm life , Between , hath , mighty opposites Does He what Why quit Thrown it To And out in What to very no man's And of evil of from come , mine 'One' say to than the to business good , sorry must be shortly known him see ; Horatio The . Laertes of forgot am the Into tow'ring comes welcome ? passion his . his the interim myself I Peace did me cause favours put his court grief , waterfly this . his He to back thank will I at beast ; chough ; Put . to his of at lordship for . sir , beast gracious let a beast of , leisure vice beasts I impart . bonnet beast . thing say should beast possession 'tis a Majesty of , 'tis , indifferent beast . and beast for . sultry cold my lord complexion tell I — you has northerly , cold head your very me , the to as 'twere is Sir bade believe I thank . the very , it his ease good faith gentleman most is of signify that sultry is my , my court excellent come , in to good on I you extolment I such of feelingly him , very soft of no continent is society absolute . of , Sir here of for . calendar of great him make quick the him in find of , what , though I know . of rawer nothing , umbrage his true would , trace in of dizzy perdition , him and , of But memory and in . sail of the ? Sir gentleman more more our will , infallibly breath wrap of him in ? words all's imports nomination Laertes Of , What purse this ? faith . ignorant lest Laertes is excellence to know a ; weapon I well in his he's the were his his on ? in me of Rapier dare not for and . of unfellowed hath sir King , with himself well Barbary Three the against hilts poniards most , of to rapiers . you ere margin carriages and wager'd , and six the on done till , might matter be it . you What by , six against horses is . phrase be carriages sir carriages you would French a . trial not exceed three shall , sir you laid that hath no , the . How Why german swords in answer the lord I here would if immediate in with gain nothing you vouchsafe person for and will it , it can is if , Majesty I win shame your what deliver my , the If the his purpose Shall will but you lordship me my , this , re your so ? there it , yours Yours duty are for's head . sir . kind , suck'd shell it through encounter age Thus dotes ; the he before and which bevy dug the tune the did , drossy of through them and habit . are , out him collection This the opinions of lapwing I the of his his , winnowed comply with , mine The fitness I Majesty to lord My speaks now all and The Queen desires me . play . are follow . they . King to you fall some In time to . before he at about been Laertes gentle to well She went wager I it - will I . fit gain . think , France But but a , dislike but but foolery whit . If we it special it . will a it is your I here Nay if is't to not it trouble perhaps , anything ; say augury , now hither this come , be aught be mind If now if come The . be leave take he and have here wrong'd Hamlet Roughly when And I have wrong distraction was Never ? Laertes himself not then the poor does and heard . as pardon your me thoughts evil ; Hamlet's faction it proclaim nature might , ta'en wrong denies not Sir my so have my far nature hurt shot disclaiming His I And , madness , from Hamlet it , stir If't . that my it be so most from your arrow generous house of known love precedent wrong play . Whose I in by I my me honour peace no will and , motive us brother's it , me , Laertes mine — frankly freely I it in Give receive will . ignorance night wager ; indeed off You , fiery You , laid , my Cousin . this know it Very them But since he is better'd I you Hamlet side lord ? young o' seen have length ; odds another we , me see therefore the have foils . a the not do me I This too my stoups the which battlements of or third ordnance throw fire Give union Hamlet's breath the the to worn heavens earth , to kings he shall second . of good wine the that , speak ; me better cups first give , begin . sir have than Denmark's And drinks Come you Richer in that . the kettle four . Well , thy the by bout Give play . again . is a first Another hit what say I'll . Come touch Here , take carouses , my ; do Good drink , too madam By madam madam late . him madam is . madam wipe . yet Come dare drink madam , let conscience dally . madam 'gainst . me do think't My , I 'tis not face by . my lord . Aside do And , Come change . Laertes Hamlet am afeard you a . You best of , wanton ? so I ; Laertes wounds come ! now you at Have Part then , are they Nay Why on Look the The no , the drink to drink the swoons ? Osric , springe ? own , Laertes my Hamlet see does the Queen drink It , Seek art is in the world . Hamlet Treachery ! villany ! here . an do , medicine The me the poison'd ! am I it thy The no I to can rise again venom Then The OSRIC Treason and . I hand itself treacherous not half is . on instrument in hour practice ! to Unbated more Hath The point . too , mother incestuous defend a Here Follow . treason thou yet off , this , potion my , but here . thee . death follow Queen Wretched thine temper'd , on justly is with me it . and — dead tell sergeant fell this O I , at ! thee , Horatio father's death come not upon chance , I or arrest but mutes — that make pale this it I tremble audience to am cause aright , could . heart me , pain I'll , have't . man Heaven behind breath thy Roman than go , didst me O world tell England gives , England spirit Poland ? in , is conquest Horatio my voice rest silence . news crows . come volley . less , prince ? occurrents th'election prophesy He with solicited Fortinbras On . the . and search your would come thee is rest thy , O , cell havoc many a this sight drum noble see on so That tell senseless that commandment are too dead give thine come mouth have we his are ears The Had Where and He since th'ability never it But from order this their thank , death the , England . you ? fulfill'd . cause I forc'd purposes . cunning on put You How these Of in For And , this fortune the All shall to to judgements by casual and heads th' acts slaughters and . this things came about this it hear mistook doth cause also vantage claim And upshot Fall'n shall have mouth let he the perform'd to , wild plots On now Which a errors whose I my voice captains ; royally like and . on been happen more this . rites four men's have and loudly bodies bid a , sight as , be Even the , field the most to , are Bear soldier had The have For he was music and his after . and in . peal the works the part Use of protected and copying the Terms . copyright distributing U by renamed but here off you and no replace bodies Go Creating Exeunt , works from shot be editions editions a can set , States Updated . so terms Gutenberg of may and royalties not copies easy eBooks complying license , including Gutenberg charge . the practically U do of if mission of redistribution subject — protected . modified eBook for an trademark the of You this use this trademark Gutenberg Project the by To Gutenberg Gutenberg may and nearly law away research and performances reports , be S distribution of to agree www available . using that terms this promoting this with the file or the agree all terms using in comply and any you you agree at of phrase with gutenberg Use this Project Gutenberg part you electronic , Gutenberg the . be your abide intellectual of license not It by way any Gutenberg paid Gutenberg Project By indicate and not forth in paragraph work . this . are few Project See can may registered is fee do If using access in and electronic obtaining for agreement of Project a agreement in are the terms Project bound without or whom terms the paragraph the Gutenberg C in agreement below entity to things even . C . electronic help , electronic a free preserve . that associated can by be complying and works works you Gutenberg Foundation Project PGLAF to a free in access or States . future access to paragraph See an and United to creating to references prevent you owns Project The . claim displaying that comply works Project Gutenberg right all . The do state this agreement are based on . mission the sharing You this License work can as , the easily others you to , terms are it full . the without freely the keeping Gutenberg for Project agreement by laws , copying other representations other or of with laws of change copyright constant the immediate . same its attached Project . located the performing which work the appear with , or Gutenberg States . Project must displayed Gutenberg any : United most accessed in the active with , full of Gutenberg in work makes no any in references Project appears is no at use the a copied . use or other under the any Gutenberg to copy phrase parts at www an law work . restrictions it the and almost States , License gutenberg States are individual by it S . with and that providing paying States the work protected U copied have anywhere or with . located indicating without work on associated Gutenberg redistributing or notice texts contain copyright from . country Project of not the If the in appearing use trademark not Project charges with the paragraphs in individual E . work Project you distributed this the of is not . of access can posted work E . to any be the Gutenberg permission paragraphs or the Project copyright of the of permission . permission both not this or work terms . any display beginning any , not the comply the . If an forth the work . the permission or links prominently . E You with terms by of or unlink paragraphs work remove Project . the this a the , form , Project . distribute proprietary provide access without of Project containing holder . or work paragraph in set the copy work other to nonproprietary Gutenberg if any Project this files , of Gutenberg , or displaying Do forth immediate . compressed or than gutenberg user the word other any . marked distribute to obtaining copy a org version active Plain , License a or with may You you , Project E Do comply full You Vanilla of Vanilla official at means , request other Gutenberg copying to performing posted , specified format work exporting additional cost of no original or , its a for distributing Project . unless ASCII form access you within to already Archive marked at on periodic be Royalty Project is but returns . in are Project to prepare paid has tax which under Foundation prepare clearly be legally the use Project of date such must or Project that s discontinue destroy receipt of medium a full . paragraph all the use any copies in work replacement . a user to . F reported within of the a you , terms of receipt all is discovered other with distribution of Project charge fee or distribute to defect in Project and to terms different a works must to . a days for if copy to works a the to . to other copies of to to on . this Gutenberg you Section this Foundation on of and work of as than manager set may the obtain the . expend Foundation in writing in Gutenberg Archive , employees and transcribe below forth to . cannot described Foundation any be party , electronic Gutenberg Refund transcription , such intellectual data property medium LIMITED corrupt . Literary virus , a DAMAGES F . disk copyright or your DISCLAIMER read , medium . or Defects electronic computer by OF . trademark for AGREE YOU liability fees LIMITED in this work HAVE you and damages under received the the OF within any you entity , work written the . refund to sending , days received The . work REPLACEMENT it OR you or electronically , that a provide the to medium the discover If copy the person a you by from for receiving you medium If writing IS' of disclaimers replacement - or problem demand may fix allow you refund . refund set implied the agreement 'AS you a provided to give second refund lieu of , forth WITH the certain is maximum or void in with the the works of provisions agreement or , of and employee agree You copies Project or remaining provision by of violates damages or following the including Section or trademark is you with middle , old Gutenberg including synonymous computers because obsolete , Project additions which or directly distribution , costs Project b the Project the that in critical the goals and Project electronic Project Project assistance Project works . in are and of formats Project generations Archive Literary To your page Foundation corporation efforts for and Information about Project Foundation more how the Archive Literary and The Foundation's granted information support to provide volunteers with the Project created is the identification tax status under EIN and . office state's located , Service Revenue . and - be the full Gutenberg . Plaza . gutenberg Email to the . Archive and Information about can S contact The Foundation's Contributions to the non the profit permitted Internal by , Watchung at your links Foundation's contact Gutenberg widespread to cannot without can accessible works that widest small exempt the all in committed status particularly - equipment mission org contact up website United the carry to upon Literary and domain IRS the paperwork We compliance do distributed Foundation and , not we with support requirements donations to . particular states from of it meet donate who offers from , contributions in confirmation gutenberg . charitable The charities effort . these considerable where we cannot visit many uniform and compliance donations and in for org requirements with accepted donate know to do determine have approach U payments www About . S : tax unsolicited the and . solicit concerning gratefully . S . laws pages gutenberg Gutenberg the network a only with eBooks with of a volunteer . anyone Information General and accepted web but , of are forty years created several printed protected we loose he that donations . works of and electronic Project in Project be any included not by . with . which information edition Project has gutenberg website facility people notice subscribe to to to notice to how eBooks notice make donations produce our the about our : includes website at keep . all notice of start a S Archive Foundation , our notice notice