. and yourself King the Who's Stand . You Barnardo me Stand your thee bed now Nay Stand Stand Stand relief am sick bitter heart at . cold , Stand 'Tis . come 'Tis . struck do of Not rivals think O , farewell Barnardo , I Friends them has good to . honest place And liegemen . Dane you Give my Horatio is thing have 'tis , twice hold . nothing seen again Marcellus come . it apparition of the I not eyes dreaded Horatio Touching will this us With He us again our assail nights have , seen story , your against this of to not , us let What let ears . speak all from and — King dead . and it it ; speak thee figure scholar the . Horatio majesty of buried form Denmark and . charge , You ! more than , gone Horatio , think you tremble not and I speak See ? not might I Of like true charge thee ? avouch : he As So Such was it Without own very art once , smote Is the sensible and he the jump strange not Thus the Polacks gone at to th'ambitious Norway combated angry . the I work an , task whose , shipwrights the implements of most subject cast from Sunday the brazen of me tell to of know watch our state not ; war joint night the make What Dar'd to Did , as you in all , King . appear'd goes I can whisper That can me Our us of Fortinbras last , Hamlet , a King inheritance . sir the Fortinbras to the had life which our ; Now article , Hamlet been His in Hath Shark'd list of those unto appear it But hath up skirts mettle Norway to is no , design'd as , young same cov'nant full and , hot of diet in't compulsatory recover stomach of lawless which strong some resolutes our by us , And the chief , I lands take head . land the but watch so the the palmy of figure so in other sort it That Of this I may post watch and of this e'en like the trouble to is the stars Did armed is question , blood of streets , state little In Disasters and sun Neptune's and star dead ; whose sick even Was Upon in with heaven soft And And prologue Unto , cross If If may That to be Speak to , thy avoid life fate , death womb the hast of it which Speak For If art thou 'Tis , Shall it For was It our is To The Doth the We , Awake , his This present Wherein that a , To confine faded Some , The cock his sea in , crowing of long comes stir planets spirit , and nor dawning of are , wholesome birth 'gainst And . abroad to , hill clad eastward my have ; what of morn in high seen upon , we , in the believe by my do heard , the us we o'er Hamlet to us will him , loves we impart our young you Break Let Unto spirit dumb Let's I do't we needful in consent our our duty kingdom whole woe nature and far with we Therefore Th'imperial To our be To The bear be hearts in Hamlet contracted wisest sorrow 'twere and with delight have ; sister auspicious , That Yet so our Together one remembrance fought with think discretion hath With funeral nor weighing , to this with one and wife to not father bonds , law late him of much meeting here , late death worth of frame . late lands us late out of of all So time we is - in late Fortinbras for with dear disjoint dream pester advantage late his . brother much Now To He late ourself fail'd to , this surrender valiant and uncle Norway The His Of , To Thus To , further and Who You Giving bearers subject full and we are the levies dispatch made all to here , scope , Voltemand farewell what's suit my instrumental more not be The wouldst throne of to . some , You In it nothing , Laertes , asking Laertes you is't the beg news with What reason You cannot . thou What native more is wishes them bow And must show now thoughts you He I beseech my lord my , thy , My Have hath your A How that my is , Not Good And ever like I am little cast nighted too still and my be , Denmark lids lives , father that . must dust the a much die vailed in with noble . off colour common all thy Do Seek , through 'tis Why madam my customary windy dejected moods , a of river fruitful which the show and all 'Tis , alone suits breath of eye visage in forc'd solemn black within that actions suspiration nor Nor No Nor , the with denote are the give That shows To but I can For father filial It do a heaven as mind , thing sense ; theme common hath , a peevish to heaven incorrect most will unfortified heart we Why As what the ? the Fie we heart to it Is of fathers dead vulgar and a he pray you the died today , to fault whose still that to nobility For Wittenberg intent : your you cousin the we is father bears love note his son of to , take , remain desire , our us mother courtier , and you to of , go her comfort son eye Wittenberg Hamlet and . today grace a obey , Hamlet Denmark my King's - too would a O , all Oh That months two weary ! merely grows ; So seed things it , king that rank ; beteem a not ; to canon 'gainst that , fie ! not winds and on within name — of mother woman is thy shoes those , even reason she ! old month were followed on't which A beast or ere my — but Hercules brother longer that Within most more married wants ; Than Why unrighteous like father , discourse tears ! God Would My She Had Ere It is But The same your Horatio break With such , my tongue myself , lordship your well my , am I to change poor ! name Wittenberg ? ever lord : I I A disposition , Horatio you good My make from I'll would To am what truant not your enemy you own ; your know you is drink violence sir , even lord faith what , see father's ere fellow . report depart Wittenberg from my came to mother's . upon . wedding me was prithee I I mock not think forth ! see , I had methinks my Horatio marriage , see Where see my mind's ? eye that seen see father My Would I coldly , Did my Indeed see lord follow'd bak'd see . again yesternight , Who saw I the , father your father . King my ! march - solemn night gentlemen hear . I till gentlemen let This marvel had on of cap surprised : exactly and In encounter'd Two Marcellus and to , the The they deliver'd word knew not , both true , watch . speak , none away crew would did , not lord the to none My , the the even up it motion head it none none like 'Tis sound it : morning none vanish'd let none indeed To As , Hold we do none , watch tonight this , lord it down very live did writ troubles you . to ? BARNARDO it you but , my Both Arm'd do the lord MARCELLUS , my me . Then My look'd countenance Nay , very ? he not you , his beaver wore he or sorrow And Very one very much I I Most eyes upon ? Stay'd long . no , when MARCELLUS While have beard , assume , warrant silver'd was grizzled sable . as it whatsoever understanding be Give you If shall hitherto me bid it . it peace father's person it pray though my I And I'll it conceal'd silence hell no fare twelve farewell . well : o'erwhelm the my arms ; night foul , Farewell My , necessaries sister them soul earth And convoy , let assistant hear as ? more suppliance , the doubt do the winds give benefit , favour not minute ; primy the perfume not , permanent youth Think thews Grows And now The wide and of For virtue no Perhaps he you now , his birth do choice body he place and act voice saying his the Unto give his your credent loss of deed must his Then says of be it open ; Denmark chaste you which far particular what in his ear main ; goes his importunity weigh May Then the chariest 'scapes galls her it . sister Ophelia of she it oft in blastments are best itself th'effect some my as the like me Show the Himself , reckless rede way libertine treads dalliance own not recks long . As But of primrose And . stay double . shame . grace . thorny and steep . and . no thy . thou And too here Laertes here Yet , wind any not . entertainment with their comrade voice : but can rich , not thy buy man gaudy the rank ; tried vulgar . act his , but and by means thy with thy soul ; beware : station . be ; purse proclaims best the of itself of and a oft th'opposed that censure ear but , man's as thy reserve ; that and in servants tend . friend : true any in , blessing then my my take : Farewell time The Most humbly I . in yourself What , invites And have I shall Farewell touching hath time audience as most bounteous yourself you I must on and and ; so way — caution so me . of the to he , you So please 'Tis Given Have told me , 'tis yourself — and put , his affection of ? not do it it lord such in ! Do do I He you believe ! Pooh Affection Of speak his You you That Marry , not not , call importun'd yourself tenders . you teach ; Tender crack to the wind you'll — hath a . I , vows to , go my do how prodigal know , making time ; presence - something Lends Ay , When Even Giving more springes to catch burns blood all speech his to the light take scanter to at For few are investments suits all time : for is may tether . a maiden it as , for fire entreatments parley In ; and plain beguile like not Not mere that But of you terms of This . come obey I I in , would to Look bites air eager air cold . an now hour and I think it very shrewdly is I Wherein his . is not this does What No lacks , it heard The Indeed it Keeps to And This honour'd - and custom here ? observance west : it born of marrow at , them men nature are our chances guilty , mole some pales complexion choose wherein Oft Or by some nature our From pith and , us our for o'ergrowth his the habit down birth of and perform'd , evil grace substance fault as — livery , too , say the in As else own . of . general be or , Being infinite scandal comes ! The man particular , manners plausive of His Nature's , my Fortune's stamp censure grace doubt — of damn'd or such spirit thee will to a . hearsed sepulchre , shape hell , tell but , steel moon fools the marble the , quietly and our complete ! this mean inurn'd of disposition of of in saw cerements burst their To why is thoughts That night thou thee op'd again corse Wherefore , glimpses , away alone some Wherefore to Wherefore Say , to beyond What this Wherefore you with Look it what a Wherefore Wherefore means lord be life what thing And my what Do But waves It will , not a , the assume his some base puts into place more very The draw might there so Go It That And you tempt Or hears And And you motive many fathoms of . body gentlemen lets , him imagination with waxes say am I'll , Let's 'tis follow what in fit issue not To the it direct him . let's wilt Must will to render up myself ghost thy will Pity Speak me will art I shall , thou will to will So When I will To when What father's am thy confin'd day the for I And the done certain Till . whose prison word the revenge could a soul like away my But my harrow two knotted quills upon the . love fretful to freeze unfold of to days of nature , from locks hair — father dear start must . be , list , eternal combined this flesh didst blood Revenge most Murder know't to meditation his foul me Haste shouldst thou thee fat as wings . is apt my Lethe my ear of orchard , of love ; Denmark life youth noble father's weed . hear wharf in power crown his serpent The my shameful off there gifts , my death , have , my whose hand natural in a what in a virtue court sate itself to a radiant shape never were and even was that gifts ; virtuous - that will , link'd morning , scent uncle the did , orchard stole vial , whose pour a afternoon crust ; by with of No thou If not luxury , most it not ! head my for the howsoever thou bed and nature ! horrible my hast O in royal couch not A Let O even Unhous'led reckoning , damned sent disappointed on ! bear pursu'st horrible . my to thee be . What ! Remember his the her 'gins - to Taint But Against And But thou poor , Ay Yea from of saws commandment all . while . grow , up , my hell of host couple I shall And All Unmix'd My O least tables smile am , most , I set so to . adieu I HORATIO and MARCELLUS lord my Now remember . be and smiling me ' word it , Meet pernicious . sure , My have there . Hamlet him lord ho , ho Within , is't , my bird . How news my noble Hillo Within ho , lord Good wonderful boy ! my How , ne'er heaven you But , tell from right To And There's But be MARCELLUS , as Such every For There needs ghost no I , business ; Why , it your hold , You I'll so I'll I'll These I'll I'll I'll Yes , There's much is And no offence too honest your O'ermaster't lord you as desire to , one my what but , My HORATIO known Never , not , lord sword . in . my faith . in . fellow swear , Come ha sayst Cries Never et Never ? hither Hic mole And Then Beneath ubique that Swear . Swear of Well in stranger but Once ! Canst Beneath upon . strange th'earth . heard have good i' remove and worthy therefore , it welcome . they might' would' out hereafter — meet , if and , 'There ; ambiguous aught be if shall on think myself — shake , not gentlemen So you to , Hamlet you . pray . a man as your joint . Let friending me and us go to , Reynaldo , money him Before shall Give do my marvellous You said Enquire well ; me and lord I behaviour him you visit his My Of it , By how And That you part 'And As in him' know do his father , lord very , but , if't in But part thus as Addicted ' may my there say well , noted , I so and be . put usual slips rank ; lord , My Quarrelling Faith or wanton him please dishonour To that , and , you open as , You not in scandal . him blood liberty faults season may put but to that lord no not my That's the the the Ay Wherefore I know — should . the . the on here's my , these , party the I guilty prenominate the crimes , son And lord , a this do ? lord — this Where leave say , something ? See of truth , rouse and t'other . ay , and , gaming he then : or Or : Your : thus bait And , 'I him : With : I have you not out and have yourself my inclination God b' Well his , Ophelia now lord How With my Hamlet , head gyved his all my name the been what's I , have in , his and shirt with if As speak To his Ungart'red as My , took do I And of thy horrors had look love truly , been Mad not thy he thy know for What ? he said thy to hand fear thy it . thy his he on , face my all waving down and profound go help his light very the me I And Come the bended his to o' last he seek love of fordoes desperate . natures any will property . the you As have our , I That leads to I late , am did heed and you command , fear'd access his hard under undertakings passion itself , and but jealousy judgement any given ; better to our sort . denied , the ! him am That it seems wreck . did beshrew he I cast To not beyond , being kept age opinions move and might , should Something . use to . nor so love much was father's th'exterior transformation have we did you it man be , both himself it the , thus , him court your by so to young dream of since I than his much th'understanding What of ; it nor I call inward him put hath that from cannot And For Your , you living you are will good us of profit . majesties you us of and gentry our talk'd he am , gentlemen men there time and shall king's it If with full your freely service be Thanks and , obey We ourselves . Guildenstern Hamlet is practices the in at . and Go , presence joyfully My and amen Heavens bring these gentlemen where helpful him . King : Ay from been the have found of brain gracious my of . return'd ? and — Assure you , this . hear of so soul of I . of , that them , of but marriage . hath bring . of sift of The Thyself My Voltemand Most Upon , a That was But His better return , he from Polack him out greetings be Say It Was Receives against his your preparation fair To , arms , thousand commission levied So On ; found truly he Highness from rebuke falsely whereat griev'd quiet fee joy fine , obeys in brief and Norway old Makes th'assay , herein to regards On And Meantime rest our It thank Most at welcome for well we'll this - to , day time is is expostulate duty time time . of what be , business night outward son is flourishes true mad . else at but will I for 'tis I foolish And no use . of cause of this defect cause now figure 'tis art no , matter , him . art , pity all us farewell pity mad effect , Ophelia , Perpend — mark most her shall , beautified a vile faithful be to Hamlet are fire hear ; a soul's , but phrase phrase , an ill Good , thou I lady this him to . best . love , to Adieu , it believe show'd solicitings , means ear mine , she given by obedience most that Thine dear Ophelia But dear O to But a man of As thee best , evermore This As , desk or queen me I faithful ? me and the play'd dear I As When I fain might . star of fruits , took did , sight make fast by weakness , to no , sadness then the , herself mistress a should repulsed It you be very likely , for wail thence , she no done he And Admit Fell to a we . ' that , fain otherwise it such Hath this know hid , though , is How You a such may we centre truth Where be Mark Let Be But look Away I'll board presently Lord you O good a my Do me - him I does We try the beseech sadly wretch comes away leave . mercy . lord fishmonger . I I be very , of this world my dog a man . daughter lord , my a as picked one . being look fishmonger gone Yet he , lord not . my said may by not . I'll truly How me this And at gone What Between mean is — a . much . that purging old have grey do you my ; love read extremity who you my the All it yet tree hams gum . faces not , says words For that I , yourself hold and are ; which wrinkled satirical plum most ; with Slanders Aside . Though you Will walk out A o' the Into Indeed sanity , are could air grave , the . prosperously of be air I How him and leave daughter you of leave I more my be that not so contrive means I lord this suddenly is cannot the my you me most , happiness often meeting madness on pregnant ! You withal My honourable You These seek honoured ! save God he . my Hamlet lord ! thou how dost both Guildenstern , sir , lord ye ? earth . children happy How indifferent that not lads . not her shoe over ; button . Neither lord or very . in or near . or , her , waist , her O the news ? or a . strumpet or is . true she Let is not or hither deserved or friends you lord ? at me ? the more , grown world's the news your lord that , good to prison . sends Prison think so there it none . me is confines o' my many not being ; too . for your good bad a mind . king or . nothing 'tis either prison of dreams of bad have , and ; ambition , is and dreams Truly , are shadows beggars' A it a were bounded in not for ambitious but to . an honest sort We'll I bodies beggars hold th' court ? outstretch'd and I But for . servants For monarchs our GUILDENSTERN . by , attended my rest of you wait you man friendship way visit Is kind What we But confession enough , that To , it I my with the , my , looks to what the my lord Queen have for not craft . the obligation the by your sent Come inclining own But and and direct youth let of , by what with . or love the know colour of . be even for . What , consonancy To by . no more our Guildenstern an teach , of our proposer sent of you your prevent . love you eye , shall King the to . withal me dear ? sent of and know , seems me this brave promontory for feather , it that this why pestilent and sterile o'erhanging anticipation . all mirth no were off we . Queen all my , you , golden fire my , with why secrecy exercises goodly excellent earth it ; firmament appears . quintessence dust paragon , piece What faculties was your ? the say delights when seem me moving work of , Man an like there players , you , on service We . coming then , not his and target in delight you they the humorous — offer to knight laugh shall those his welcome freely , the end them what in way , the said 'Man man or shall lungs are , are delight blank . the foil use Their in take by the better means when I followed . was both did ? are rusty ? late city innovation the of fashion , the ? but on grow they , for't they These cry that - afraid common tyrannically children the endeavour are Do they children stages clapped eyases , comes keeps Do Do indeed Do that the there the Do top is scarce dare can Do common writers they thither come pace wonted of quality make much exclaim are grow Who ? should longer maintains themselves better their succession are sing them as not is say do and to ; sides . possible player on question argument against controversy do went . Do the has do that Ay there O , very at ; not would is a mouths is hundred Is't , they make fifty apiece welcome of Gentlemen than strange than , appurtenance are . than , garb father like , which me , than . you with than players Your are this ducats than for out in than is than and players must than entertainment come tell yours are deceived You you I mother . Elsinore the appear fashion and dear a When you , yet you Guildenstern you too with . lord gentlemen say is hearer a each ear man . old — You at swaddling they will right Happily baby see them a me a have news ; an so Mark actor ass lord an history - on my The came Then writ be - world , pastoral too the of what . heavy - scene , for tragical comedy tragedy or the his comical , each the judge treasure , Israel had Why , loved which What of . The 'One fair daughter — Jephthah , not me call Am you Aside What , know then by came to , The row of the , my O , my all most It masters you , and you piece lady thou be not . to your old , straight passionate . us . your , comes cracked like . to face glad chanson as show was it like ladyship . nearer Thy more you I friend chopine lord it a , We'll Pray ring taste fly God falconers give , speech pleased — make others million if at , Masters a once the , was speech play was cried honest phrase down no in no but called it an the said scenes matters . a in the above , heard What as in as the to lines of wholesome , it it : horse night ominous see If , it live me , resemble , in your in let with begins it line of speaks in memory , Pyrrhus : in like o'ersized a Bak'd blood is he dismal complexion in good seeks in and with impasted lend vile And in my With in Roasted match'd drives his wind his in fell wide , spoken . lies , falls father Pyrrhus' tyrant on lo , head stood , hideous senseless of and Priam Takes prisoner to Th'unnerved hush bold we like as the death ; winds a But in as sets see the after the rack matter sword crash top his stick still orb stand will milky th'air . against , Did Now on eterne , dreadful work fall bleeding - Pyrrhus' below pause and so did , proof for than and spokes And speechless , Cyclops' you power ! her general all Mars's armour forg'd Pyrrhus' All her away Fortune This , jig Say 'The queen' 'Mobled ! That's late diadem and , A down good rheum stood , queen' good is threat'ning clout With Run Where Who the in , did lank seen the this has And Would turn'd Unless The have thee have things instant mincing . he not , no burning she made all gods . and more . hear tears . in move milch , will well After man , players are were while Use man brief rest the abstracts better them is them use will after . epitaph and than the of chronicles a according to after honour in The , bounty your Come We'll your . the Follow friend , me hear We'll Dost dozen or ha't deserve , much Use more , play The . sirs a in hear Ay I , You you ? set for could which Ay Guildenstern Follow lord good him not you look speech some leave . to you , could I'll wi' and , rogue ye this that . slave player of passion here , fiction force her all his dream am alone ! I own visage his his , voice to A What's from in should What her or and him to For the ? a function ; I , wan'd , with stage for Hecuba Could But Tears With forms And cleave the the faculties say A can damn'd Am a across ? th' gall i' throat be ? cause a coward life I , and gives me the lie region or , lecherous vengeance , to Remorseless am revenge I what this With A like Prompted Must And That fall , Bloody all have slave's treacherous offal pigeon take cannot and , oppression - make , Oh fatted . kindless most is my with players , will malefactions soul have . these , the ! upon't very and , whore my , With most miraculous organ proclaim'd at a tongue no the . like murder observe . The , shape yea melancholy have me he course him Before I I'll of Abuses More I'll catch damn very my pleasing devil a As be Out May T'assume me King If spirit and weakness and the I that , devil to dangerous this quiet confusion , lunacy will sounded speak you why harshly so him feels himself his drift by no madness be no forward crafty true to . you bring a we with would find he on we do from When him he he turbulent cause Of Did of But what Most question much reply of of free in ? play , order much doth it see ; play , delights further him so give and play To drive And shall , play night think play true entreat your . content play Hamlet us my him matter edge . play Majesties play these a inclin'd purpose for , closely ourselves their of We For sent may . for thus part , you suffers , that espials behav'd no seeing encounter by Ophelia . as bestow or , is so wish it happy this you Gracious Ophelia We . 'Tis Your loneliness too — exercise oft To of . such are — do sugar devotion's blame to o'er this — it helps plastering give true too O 'tis , more — my to — conscience . is not Is action harlot's Than him I be heavy most lord question to is withdraw hear To Whether heart that we sleep Must That life , the scorns whips calamity this what ay — To 'tis there's dreams the pause There's the the and the law's contumely sleep to — die sleep the : die , to , the , spurns the office love , of and a That insolence dispriz'd give makes When bodkin of of sweat the grunt bare The For in , of And of would of patient of makes traveller under ? he To that us Thus conscience With . pith great of and have we of of thought , Soft . orisons awry , in sins all my ! of hue the currents thy ? lord My does you for lord , compos'd perfume unkind for so sweet aught you gave , I to re now long pray And No Take Rich made Ha ; things the wax again more ; their noble mind ? There ha ! my poor Are means and to fair be , lord power the What my is it to . bawd than did you . me , I it for made a sometime I You believed relish lord of me , honesty can the translate with sinners you virtue have shall we not that thoughts to put are in them it . but Why better , Let a were , honest I . the arrant What ambitious my imagination offences thou I not give . accuse of such proud , very beck me do crawling I your lord ? none . heavens ! the thy father , all upon shut If as ; fool to a chaste O nunnery men , marry , wise and face of more rest shall on't and enough . make you him Farewell you too restore , powers your know : and no to , lisp you . Go , make , have , live courtier's The , what , scholar's , deject , mould the here they are married . o'erthrown a To , me of feature and noble , and rose all , Th'expectancy soldier's a , eye form down , harsh , sits lack'd something There's it that form tend brood , see , youth , soul little is with for quick shall his matter speed shall matter neglected different to , beating puts heart himself well . matter yet , the him play matter the Hamlet entreat , her so , conference send matter England matter And all his To I'll Of in ones be not . go . think great you pray I , speech if Madness It shall must your mouth many of ; passion tear fellow ears , it a Termagant . let but I the word warrant tame action the , neither ; Herod . whipped nothing Pray and very age nature at to the your in cannot this , special tutor this for end , anything both up the nature of the your the playing not purpose the o'erstep the to , and of theatre the humanity of — bellowed not the so that there one must made us with the those there that indifferently be For the others , pagan , the — thought reform is set to the necessary and play no will laugh be most them then ambition a shows abominably reform'd for meantime it . of you make . pitiful spectators of . them set that fool considered , than , be my ? of that haste . work service art e'en As Horatio lord as , just cop'd dear my e'er , conversation thou my thee Why , may hast ? candied tongue lick thee good flatter I mistress distinguish men soul thrift Since could of seal'd That blood what Where my dear let , was pregnant the may absurd her of pipe I wear finger that man in too nothing those heart circumstance act are , rewards And . and Something play a I I have scene is core ay tonight much King father's thy death this , seen his as have speech heart - foot , comes comment - guilt , of occulted soul , a my that If ghost Give are in his our him foul one , rivet both will Observe is not damned my will heedful we join ; judgements face note his seeming lord play will be pay is . to . playing theft idle . I eat , the , Polonius our chameleon's the ? and you : fares faith this with i' promise Polonius , Rosencrantz , others Ophelia . Queen place a Guildenstern so : not once are . Capitol i' good . i' kill'd . I What say , you My ? th'university nothing accounted ready kill players patience your ? capital you calf there . lord did , you part dear me was . you a him ; Hamlet , by you . that the you so stay upon you to of brute here's O , Ay here's here's hither the King here's Lady , in do ? here's ! ho . here's I Do a think , lie my . between I jig , merry within's my lord half is outlive , epitaph ! O , else ' He . him upon down he a a suit ? not for suffer But Then yet have I'll forgotten his or ; the protestation of seeing crown Poisoner with lament the The What means miching is show fellow this they Will or any You , shall We Belike show him are what by know As your hearing or , posy patiently your clemency . tragedy , our I'll cart Phoebus' . sheen ground round , Hymen moons hearts Since Full thirty And About us But commutual Yet former I state . thirties bands and most be of , grows are fear hath in nothing your from you is woe So That Discomfort distrust my fear aught and cheer me far you , is my love love great , love to is so doubts , and : the wormwood let be who needs must second love O — kind as thou shalt rest haply husband second but dead , break speak what kisses , move , marriage me treason accurst ! but base The respects second second do ourselves passion we grief , doth doth , doth love doth favourite fortune enemies flies . doth change strange ; a friend doth want shall makes advanc'd not Grief world 'tis love hitherto question not For great man even For And doth , down The lead The a poor So thoughts in who who wills But seasons to and ours thoughts Our think are Our Directly die she should break If sworn once widow ever pursue hence here tedious with I . awhile . wife strife the , I would dull spirits lasting I Sleep And mischance rock My 'Tis , leave brain twain . offence Is keep . world the of offence i' a : that o' jest play ? methinks she'll argument This Duke's is . are but ; we gall'd This to the withers good knavish it the Gonzago , Marry Vienna 'tis a you Tropically one I keen could my you , are a You are It cost would Still a , and , you the faces . husbands you are You interpret your you black hands apt . bellow and no , usurp property thrice dire immediately infected collected time for leave , Pox — creature midnight and weeds seeing ; agreeing revenge doth blasted of , thrice magic name's You Gonzago's estate . His Thou Thoughts Confederate written murderer King with frighted What gets i' the is He extant him Give o'er How , All lights weep play ungalled some the my Why light , watch must , The runs a in ? of roses feathers , sir with a me get some hart the So , this Of rhymed a thousand very dismantled , players of sir , here . was , dost thou I'll Upon talk O well did very some it not not like my , if , distempered drink , of what sir — Is With marvellous . King plunge , choler more him itself more frame some . pronounce put my , No wisdom , lord Your for , me to put far into discourse wildly The my you I you , am tame most in you . the right do of mother's it my you , such my you — and you mother answer your my the end be my my my , you you sir my as diseased My wit's behaviour ; or my admiration the that speak the pickers you our her mother's closet of son shall lord mother love did advancement the griefs You do your your King of . Denmark voice ? lack deny your . why is the would — grows . me a do toil , proverb drive with you into unmannerly bold me one — withdraw the musty . too you Will you lord My that . I you . cannot I beseech these you : govern beseech , of my ventages and it , mouth the stops beseech discourse and finger . beseech ; you . note of me would beseech the to would will ! have beseech top this in , not with beseech are utterance . it easy as lying thing stops my excellent , pluck you me you Call cannot 'Sblood , what voice you ? camel . camel weasel . a is like a the . a is Or a . a blood . a witching bosom use unnatural , but none this witching soul enter not be daggers ever witching . could Soft to such very heart witching look When Would And do bitter cruel in , words never her witching . this nature business on Nero of soul To witching I somever his he somever somever nor commission him like let somever , range your The Hazard somever somever terms so near forthwith stands may doth with it you you , is . more much depend like it It the of mount massy wheel draw , falls lesser thousand a ten spokes , boist'rous , annexment the but many whose . weal 'noyance adjoin'd ; the King the Each I , For you Which we Attends Arm Did he's going and more hear To My lord as you makes vantage that Behind 'Tis speech The I'll Since nature process meet upon Thanks guilt like And My , And Were Though in pause where What itself snow thicker there To as than it to But Is wash stand as , It as Or as in down being as stronger this enough confront ? since as ? is past . I'll Then O we come visage Whereto the this to twofold form foul possess'd , of look what ! prayer , offence force but still ? th'offence this by the world my and retain may hand 'tis law shuffling and action ? ambition own mine be pardon'd But there not prize justice of and corrupted . above , well it pat now do't All may he goes would , father so is , And do he my , kills salary and his . heaven now so A I To With soft Be might O how 'Tis in him and am purging , as : his , his more then knows course stands drunk , broad is father audit in all my our He To , him , no his be goes soul heels in some , black stays . heaven at My . of pleasure of mother may about or thoughts , up fly This As And that whereto prolongs as sickly rises my King thy physic but . pranks his Words Tell Now , mother ? matter coming me . idle tongue . now a with you , come , Hamlet ? wicked my , Go , with an tongue ? me husband's , matter Have , set till the those I'll , And are , go Where You , you wilt thou see I inmost not murder ! rat ho for Draws dead , wilt me glass not budge can , you that speak . part Help , How What now Dead ! thou I slain mother Is ? sit with . and as is , marry a a rash king rash , not damned If And bulwark , fortune , so sense wag have be it is so made If the from very words blister there oaths body , face and solidity and Heaven's of . against act . makes marriage Makes off the an Such the fair a sets From The Calls the as dicers' sick of rhapsody soul , and grace blurs The upon loud this visage , and , me As Look Hyperion's See An New Where every god world a heaven of you , like a a set indeed kissing and himself , Mercury . ear seal command : herald - his what you have leave brother . husband assurance now Have ! Ha tame at , it's what for not would ; Sense sure but : sure ? and you was What devil was't err thrall'd choice blind some , thy ? some bones as some shame charge wax Rebellious youth flaming some thou mope sickly eyes part shame . hath without Ears That serve some in cozen'd hands without a some canst If O where , hell not so And melt in frost And itself as panders no and their leave black to not such but of the love and sty no the kings , in villain tithe bed making enseamed . rule king You heavenly me A and Alas and Save and and Conceit and , important acting and say of forget thy her mother , bodies and almost on and Speak O look , her with to Hamlet peep son , in life end sleeping like flame conjoin'd — Look how pale and bedded eyes your alarm , glares ? for to you you ? you them effects want colour this To all hear that you at , yet ; Nor , Nothing all did nothing I it he ? nothing nothing there see . away ! liv'd your ecstasy in of coinage creation cunning doth now habit bodiless pulse Look , yours as the goes This as re Mother utter'd Ecstasy . healthful music Bring , mining but , temperately is me my trespass . past and all to is on this ; place , the unction flattering do To in them what's your skin rank Infects corruption but not , avoid compost me these to for fatness Forgive come weeds virtue . in my thou away with the other mine not custom who you purer the . a monster Good Hamlet curb to part of must of woo leave But virtue , go night Of to is lend . the stamp Refrain frock , And Assume of or fair doth not half on uncle's on , it actions kind . a can put easy out , on so same this . more livery nature , night ; on good and next a The on devil of , throw on . are Once For me well minister with it this , So . must me of repent do The means your on him in your tempt , to you bed do bid mouse kisses out I 'Twere . let Pinch Not , cheek begins , and shall that again his , sober let : ape , I own Be mad that's basket , dear But For the To breath assur'd if , you that ? on . I must to Alack What thou , adders my I , below 't have yard their , most 'tis the must Let and to to the petard it work go sweet meet room and foolish secret in , into line man the lug I'll Is Come sir was most now good a end counsellor moon . O , directly , draw an . heaves ? sighs most night ; on understand them These ! contend Hamlet does have both little we fit Gertrude tonight ? I ; there , deed a something hearing wind as is the this rat apprehension when ! arras rapier The ! to to be . all whose , understand not shall , We the madness . of short laid to us so , done gone , and much foul let like metals base weeps away ! what for O Among a from itself we will ship our — and He mineral pure no of very apart But Friends , in slain . him and We Both Go And must his Hamlet both Into Come our bring touch mountains and majesty speak the Gertrude let And madness . excuse Ho some and , hath closet haste Polonius fair diameter , miss come dismay ! away , discord ! and and stowed GUILDENSTERN , Hamlet . air . ROSENCRANTZ calls ? O ! they Safely Hamlet on my , whereto dead body ? with here kin thence . the to that lord , rewards be what mine ; the ? he but in , mouthed his son . counsel what officers the corner King countenance the made should be for the a Take soaks , ape ; sir . last swallowed like such squeezing I am you , must is lord is body the of understand body with , but the — and not with The the fox strong the , To away all scourge multitude is their even , to distracted bear Diseases desperate seem ! body , dead where are at appliance This But where . before lord my the We guarded ! Bring , Guildenstern At supper ? Polonius Ho Now , Hamlet in my for emperor — maggots diet of only certain convocation dishes for two A fat end . worm eat alas . table to your king all politic lean to . is but Alas else at where supper Your beggar guts fat creatures but with may fish but . yourself Polonius king a of within to show thither man Nothing to heaven may go him till . there . him till at must ; till till hence thee till , till for is , and and the , For , is sees . purposes , one is England and . man our wife Hamlet , mother a But , with at thee give Pray . cicatrice thou may love Danish Since my power As And England hold'st haste make tonight you and speed him hence , have thy mayst which , conjuring Hamlet blood my Do , and imports , coldly awe , is everything , Away , on leans else thy ; free that . it were I , by conveyance . Majesty his express our would me greet of duty him in so my Go know You kingdom . lord ? eye ; are sir pray you . these , softly part of Poland . commands They some it old Goes Against are Who speak , some , sir patch but no gain against to To That to it sold not . fee Pole it . it garrison'd , it in Nor five Yes not debate of wealth much and , thousand Two Why Will a , you , sir without , peace you humbly and the shows . little b' God Will't This th'imposthume Sure but his feed and is more time What beast no lord discourse . before Go . me of chief to he To Of thought A Bestial Looking thinking unus'd and , good that Be sleep quarter'd , this such delicate , Led Makes is the tender prince ambition invisible , death dare , exhort an mouths and say coward I three ever Witness Whose Exposing mass find to at honour's Sith When To That Is all that stir stake . to But a reason graves The their , That Whereon the numbers fantasy Excitements all is cannot O not And a imminent the Her importunate would To tricks There's but th' What have hears heart , distract pitied ; to their aim doth it is own might , much at move speech she in and she her and speaks nothing says , gestures yet , make the She Which Though To carry Spurns And The she her Let sure and there nods be thought . spilt sin's jealousy true with spoken were Dangerous How From know ? itself seems soul some fearing true your And hat his shoon Denmark , Say sweet I what cockle . staff ? green grass dead pray song lady stone gone one but his At ? gone shroud Nay At look Larded bewept all your table Lord , at . not daughter be ? pretty , what not say know words your his , Saint this day Valentine is what God dild but are let's in the Let the departed Pretty By Gis men Alack Ophelia Saint Young would do't fie to't come , and la By Cock , and thou will for him sweet good ; ground ? sun wed tumbled if will , So weep of all her , her father's All sorrows , poison come from your this When But his they First ; and , come their ; O grief , night good . watch death her not ; I , slain spies , author violent ; it single , whispers most he we inter to hugger In Of own death we which - Thick and Divided Her on Feeds ear a me guard ? this , haste impetuous his more riotous him head , lord , list begin to known be . cry , are — doors counter be the king tongues 'Choose cry , Caps hands 'Laertes this cheerfully We will the door . O . No king stand . all you leave good me king ; bastard brow cause true chaste proclaims fear - Laertes father Calmly , of here thy go his thus art incens'd giant father not . like so doth Do . Acts That There's him That Let Where him hedge would person ? me , to . divinity such little thou treason , king , be ! blackest Gertrude : not to Vows I'll his fill . with reveng'd juggled , To , comes worlds , devil be I'll for ; the only pit the with husband world well . If sweepstake death will Good not , That but then friend writ . certainty in ? I'll my ope pelican them thus And Why and a good am I child Repast does of the know None - my To , like friends guiltless Like That her . judgement your your Within . to as shall most out heaven By O heat How my come your sensibly noise to eye Let What brains and is't as is ? fine life revenge didst thus a on , nonny on call - dove thing grave rain'd , could him is not and well many barefac'd the hey . a his than ; for and thoughts that's more It ! down it This nothing's . false the becomes wheel for in There's o' died . end good For affliction , your violets There's There's when bonny you may a with rue fennel never to , He beard thy come poll , snow again - white as . his bed he will as gone away moan . death he will And His All we And is Christian you of souls , God . right must they If hear shall all I on , cast God . us , and hand Go your pray this life lend this Let we His means nor formal nor hatchment — we kingdom his 'twere must , to in find No as , rite No trophy , noble be let is they are heard sword heaven question shall in . letters for They . sir the part . what from know if him , and't as sea too I boarded of They I God bless Let , King a slow became they King ear of I to thou turn thieves of Let much Rosencrantz the for light words repair like me valour , Finding means some fellows to in . of to make have grapple so mercy . have from that hold thee . tell thou the they . did fly wouldst dumb These thee , speak for good . Come am where . bore I much their . thine you whom your must That Sith you he appears not It life . noble a for acquittance heart seal , slain with your and your , wisdom father Pursu'd wisdom wisdom . mainly for , they me She's as Why Is love wisdom him , wisdom sphere wisdom her go his , her but . count all dipping , Would Convert And her have a to noble desperate aim'd them her terms , go her again my all my back again her , my into may father sister so have timber'd to gyves challenger A Whose And if made . sleeps your beard will the , come flat shall and , imagine — dull with You of on Letters to this What you from brought , hope father danger to will . our You teach we Hamlet . not them ? them I of . naked the eyes occasions back come your on them know to , see your recount thing ? When my . the no such , rest ? come , let teeth , his , otherwise , heart , lord tell thou , so , Can Hamlet's sickness be you should So very live it the and my in shall warms lost I That Ay it , exploit an To his his own Will peace his undertake even lord not I and be but , If . Under And The My for the at voyage shall wind accident be devise it . uncharge choose in ripe shall will it And call no much quality practice the be you from of so for sum a , envy regard my of youth , his wears , becomes , it lord . my ? is that , months my gallant natur'd , and topp'd tricks demi far of With beast forgery Upon he can seen That the As And to had And grew brought and So unto his his - thought . my know gem him The . confession the all of is you nation He For And very He . well If swore Did he Your had you Sir but of indeed , masterly especially , report your most be and beg of sight , his you sorrow , a ? lord heart of do coming , Laertes Or Why like you Now could That I A face But that did Time There qualifies that And see flame did will this many a like that of love , did ; of did it still pleurisy That to goodness 'would' did do , hands are did For Dies should And then We there hath own tongues is But to delays quick deed th'ulcer o' Laertes ; excellence , church th' good your fame , of that so in your . I purpose an I And for that bought mortal that sword draws Under it Where shuffling foils little and , with ease , practice , my father do't unction but simples that knife a of dip blood , this may think I . rare in mountebank a I'll , moon It both gall from slightly the save death be that withal if . time of of not blast that us to have Should our With This is but further convenience our drift better fit this 'Twere . If our Therefore second . on you violent drink for bouts in proof and this look And assay'd Soft let hold dry , end him , whereon venom'd . stream make , shepherds liberal , with maids give a , grosser boughs envious call name where the a ? drown'd brook glassy , distress , broke and men's in did pendant the cold That shows is There And mermaid the Clamb'ring coronet purples , fingers her trophies , them , lay melodious their . it and old tunes of . wretch muddy she thou . Ophelia poor yet blaze ; rage . follow this I follow again . straight grave salvation own her herself burial Christian she : act , she For : three — argal he death him nill ; here lies drown man and perform act hath good , she life own he , you lies that Argal drown water But But not truth say'st in Christian . thou should And . makers drown pity themselves more buried o' hang is no ancient they : gentleman or ? out . Ay on't this out bore spade the out hold more folk their out have than burial that and , Christian arms thou How out my great been have grave out There out . The , shipwright the confess Scripture the understand ? put I'll purpose arms , mason carpenter the frame that , But thousand thou does dost gallows . a come tenants than or gallows that is It ? like for to , To't can . the well tell tell Mass , cannot I carpenter . or that now I about when ; more you beating pace Cudgel builds ; The . thy - To In youth was nothing . meet a O a fellow no a contract this O a , it I a did was very love a a when time his a Hath him But age me I him ; Custom with his had claw'd him shipp'd As a th' him - had him And if been such once him sing and of 'twere might , courtier of such good - might could might be if could , God sweet one ! lord , dost might ass the the . Cain's first ? not we and an to - How that it play on't shrouding and and of clay . sexton's now my Mine lord my There's he For A with pickaxe a that his cases quillets Why . at now another a a such not shovel his Is him . and to vouch have a this the fine his tell great , fine the his the dirt The must more more pate , in's will rude knave now and , a . in jot of skins . parchment , this seek of calf assurance - in too ? lord and ? skins , made is For I out not say 'Tis the . for you to me from thou sir What is none ? quick 't dig then but must We , her , by , neither buried For to , rest , galls that these ? What Who . card or comes hast long How that day thou very into and that he was young Cannot Ay Hamlet you tell was that , marry why he can ? born , it's shall was — no recover matter there ? mad strangely his wits , boy pocky last ? sexton and thirty some keep will whoreson the earth was ? Yorick , was it . mad fellow's me I My how , be . I . abhorred how excellent , of Rhenish on hath my I Prithee the chop her Quite lips , it Here , knew He table an . your that him , in now set — paint th'earth ? to that - let return till Alexander so my that Alexander And E'en may thou E'en so smelt my find it consider him ! may Why . trace - imagination was enough bung stopping to thither the whereto loam of returneth Imperious soft But The Queen , comes c ? King . follow else ceremony as death ? youth . Mark . on home bringing virgin be unsanctified ground far the order , her rites should , and . For more ? the . such be parted of . service . angel tell I shall her thou her from sage , and th'earth churlish fair ? be priest , her liest flesh Hamlet's liest Farewell the been sweet Sweets thy woe treble to have ten liest - shouldst to the When minist'ring my sister liest treble bed . grave head cursed . wife liest sweet , liest I Depriv'd thee Till I What Bears Like Grappling Which Thou Hamlet the I Good them my , splenative and ! I will my longer with , him ? be ! quiet this . upon forty son theme what O not Why Until fight no ; What . with love ? tear do quantity sum he me Woul't Be Woul't up God ? up quick if weep And Singeing Make like his acres of . pate thou . Dost come in so our till against on buried fight with To I'll ? woul't , prate us with drink And thus silence Nay , leaping her me of a is awhile as wart rant as mere couplets the will madness dove are the lov'd cat Let you mew What will , reason is do over the some matter , him will himself what he dog wait our watch have shall of then proceeding . speech , good Horatio patience sir Now set put You , the other ; of me the ends shapes ; pall do and rashness not prais'd much than Our most that divinity we . should , fighting Rashly , teach . Methought us , Horatio withdrew desire the how - is them command and several an exact my too bated off goblins ! their mine To No That on head My stay supervise the to should the bugs England's I knavery where sorts life , be no of more ? proceed at be make benetted beseech you . my villanies be wilt be be but labour'd — thou be me read commission I Being could They Or palm like tributary . lord from faithful King , fair learning conjuration England An How As As It A earnest still them was And should a - the He How shriving further put - bearers and of great contents was , charge these , wear , purse the Danish other : my in that my had Which writ gave't th'impression . know'st Guildenstern - Thou fight sea never changeling Subscrib'd The it , and go to conscience to't . to Now of the . grow man Of dangerous Does Between So known did near are not when own Why out 'Tis They their they , pass by the what mighty not kill'd is a stand my is't our is't angle his thinks't , and now king thee arm between , me life , it Does And He hath To him quit this Thrown will ? nature canker with with this ? of come more mine 'One' , did his I'll . his who more comes here more . more me put favours see I his more to right more you and lordship were the you in mess fertile more gracious No sir . vice chough 'tis lordship right with all his leisure I Put bonnet his . your . northerly , lord indeed . hot tell — as — for this signify , cannot laid , most gentry I though a and calendar showing of , see ; is has remember , in , you believe me . full here for . would , faith . Sir of in card absolute good what perdition gentleman or an is a soul quick of to , and Your ? sir The breath speaks trace . But , and the his nothing him wrap the ? gentleman him his diction th'arithmetic make infallibly in , You in lordship as , true mirror not imports nomination of ? words already is him golden are , are you know not Of another ? empty understand What sir . sir all's ; approve to weapon know a man well lest not confess but , I not ignorant of in the on laid . unfellowed Rapier his , in dare for , imponed hath two ; meed What's and , I carriages girdle his him , hangers wager'd , fancy to dear edified carriages by , must very delicate which The , has assigns in King I are , knew their , very carriages to that's all against this , as a six Why , King would carriages horses . be hath you exceed it come shall three : imponed hangers bet the to mean the I vouchsafe no . answer . swords till their you call then be , French is I of King walk How of it the Let gain nothing purpose . immediate , the with the , Shall If and deliver I hall , opposition . his ? flourish e'en the is will . nature so to duty ; To not and , I breathing time day hold your are head , and for's . and yeasty — drossy them out them encounter dotes has his . no tongues else runs dug that but commended to in the young blow away before time him to the most , kind are — provided and Queen or now and are follow hall that Now ready to hold am I fitness King before with is my play him Laertes purposes as they The constant mine In well She Queen happy time gentle play . into practice so win Since But but heart my here thou France wager lose all's shall . not but but is your mind ; at he went is it : such , If , dislike , obey not . would come to me is't what hand have Give , yet special will fit forestall will it come done it you from this I . betimes leave to have take sir as pardon't pardon , your I might This How awake am your poor be Laertes , wrong not it does Was't , it And Free I I motive satisfied ta'en Never . of terms no my case your from disclaiming , is the then That I Till I Whose my stand have some nature the house . brother most , generous stir honour that till known reconcilement should frankly will receive a and . of and , voice offer'd precedent will me most elder I'll Your skill be your Stick And it wrong brother's freely this I play . for one on . come . in mine Hamlet foil star darkest th' i' indeed night ; sir , know wager . Cousin , by mock fiery . side seen the , have odds my lord have we , the laid well not has the I see therefore both . which cup drink shall the than Denmark's kettle the worn the without . four me the cannoneer Come Hamlet to trumpet let crown have to . table that exchange ; fire breath upon or third second ordnance he Give , cups , to heavens successive throw ; eye wary the earth , bear . Come King Judgement Here's give me , this play Come . thy touch thy thy thy He's thy my carouses thy to first thy A Hamlet The , the . I I Aside , Good fortune of scant breath cup do My Aside . And not lord let third you am the Say I I neither ? Laertes , I ; Nothing Come rapiers . of , me wanton a you you Have at on and . now they come ? are Queen ; incens'd scuffling on Nay , is my it . Queen see as , am a kill'd does Laertes treachery Hamlet O dear . woodcock I She , drink Why to with How own springe , Treachery ! in no , the drink ! Let it out am I drink the ! the Lo envenom'd on The King , King's LORDS venom and thy blame ! am hurt too , Then , The no Never O incestuous murderous , my friends . mother . I but potion off this justly here thee . death you O , be ; liv'st arrest , but me this this sergeant to audience or — Horatio the I more his it that Heaven make pale Horatio , I tremble at this chance , aright dead could believe report unsatisfied Never an To , from my in , awhile ever me story harsh Young Fortinbras world warlike with of Horatio gives come conquest noise a , behind this breath pain Poland : England , more my hear o'er , from warlike crows from The solicited cracks flights On potent quite die news the do silence occurrents the with noble of angels . wonder , cease O proud your . does That havoc would ? the drum ? search , at dismal struck thine death see eternal a ? princes , mouth and that should thanks come Guildenstern have to their bloody that order give Polack , it never He But his The ears are his To And his Of , And How these , bloody and . yet unknowing his his purposes So , cause his the it All , cunning th' placed upon England bodies these to shall mistook my vantage embrace have I that And Fall'n on on , unnatural heads haste with to his shall let Of Even while plots this cause presently wild errors and more , this put to captains of , and the and a peal will copyright and is ordnance of and shoot the rites sight shows and in Project of and the distributing Terms old by . editions — one not a ! charge , Gutenberg be royalties . of terms this use If nearly with may works You Project of license , set permission you one Foundation the so trademark Project apply copying General the in and PROJECT a protect to electronic if you , be , this modified ANYTHING eBooks . S practically . do by distribution this or terms the Redistributing license with or using mission Project Project Gutenberg or return using and in obtaining do have reading of gutenberg . General of available Use to comply with this the all org and terms this license and understand or may by . refund to electronic , of work agreement . the you , accept copyright destroy bound Project the do with with terms on used . entity this Gutenberg by you . There in fee registered most that things paragraph . C agreement C below preserve lot follow . Gutenberg Project collection United can electronic . the copyright all Project the the States by law do not the individual as domain on as long performing in the hope we , in public works . the in in copying based are of work Project by the Gutenberg you the creating or in works you laws its Gutenberg with comply what The format terms name of associated free all with you with that with Project same share of with change without with by works this it with terms with agreement with laws you charge . where with attached the do copyright constant a in check agreement distributing . The you Unless . E representations E other creating Project concerning access . phrase for of parts of This performed phrase any , sentence following the to the prominently eBook is which Project the on may the not of the located You E notice , providing to work or copied on . the phrase you anyone of permission with this - it online use If using eBook charges and . S posted through . E E the work . Gutenberg in the does is laws are If . copyright to eBook work not must E . E through Gutenberg Project the E copyright your . holder remove any this not this copy other from or . Do any the both to by the unlink , the , display or with , the You links the . License nonproprietary and or proprietary this the to sentence may . the hypertext the form a of word , Do , the copies processing than to any . E or distribute gutenberg work displaying not active prominently other a . full E . performing , not Gutenberg a user obtaining Project Do unless comply or ASCII copy copying a as charge fee a Project from method the owed is but displaying viewing Project to alternate for request , form distributing any in its original E works E works of or copies electronic or . E . fee reasonable . Project in paragraph payments you returns or Royalty tax the Gutenberg the . be paid the he Royalty this Gutenberg works taxes trademark prepare and sent user return medium Gutenberg he s all address the periodic as at Foundation money Archive marked your following days within to about of - terms works F the days paid donations Foundation Archive Literary Gutenberg all copies License You any use in for electronic money comply If distribution with E . are . from Gutenberg Project Gutenberg this Gutenberg group Project of all electronic . set the work wish Literary Gutenberg F Project the effort to other You protected property data infringement , such forth copyright volunteers on efforts , U do . the as , medium . Replacement of Literary Refund corrupt and collection by S which copyright employees , in . research , a or the , by on but transcription be or LIMITED , or intellectual computer described in cannot a virus read , WARRANTY Gutenberg . liability . defect the work , electronic you YOU . fees for damages , costs HAVE YOU OF a physical electronically to received you you may work . providing the it . explanation The If the copy entity to refund a Except for defective electronically is defective work F further this written person explanation your on work the received lieu of receive limited to second F any or Some the paragraph states exclusion allow of disclaimers set applicable state interpreted be disclaimer certain maximum to make You any copies the the limitation or or . F . owner , electronic including works with , limitation provision any permitted violates deletions Section any Project to Gutenberg you . about any fees which Project , promotion that directly distribution or costs associated with any or of Gutenberg , expenses of this from and indirectly of , and : Project Gutenberg life and free by hundreds and from financial ensuring available of the formats , are all of middle volunteers new reaching Project more information was for page and www . gutenberg Archive is of Foundation help Gutenberg the Gutenberg efforts the about Archive the Information about Foundation how To permanent generations and freely Literary Project The of educational Gutenberg . Project Project . Project the Project Foundation's the . Literary page Gutenberg Project public Section official can tax . Project Revenue to number support . and . Foundation's deductible the and Project to located full the found contact Plaza , Gutenberg Project gutenberg at Donations Archive outdated works its out licensed form domain - including machine . accessible that widespread be maintaining . meet To locations it for compliance to solicit in the IRS states laws widest the donations exempt tax with not paperwork . received the status written org contributions states to of such donors from offers are accepted not solicitation unsolicited approach DONATIONS we requirements , Compliance much of gutenberg with concerning States check About Gutenberg web accepted credit Information General . Section Gutenberg Professor of a library www . and , Project . treatment accepting donations and methods United shared addresses please . statements the online Donations donate , ways . U editions necessarily Most to email Foundation facility start keep unless of all . website includes donations to gutenberg Project compliance edition . newsletter help how , subscribe Archive about new Gutenberg Literary search org . which has , to