there Who's ? Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand bed bitter . Stand , stirring night Horatio The I think you Have a mouse , my of do you If . to ground ! ho , the good who hath reliev'd Give - of appear'd nothing our hold him seen us . it , our of belief let have minutes along , this , tush And That What so fortified sit let Well hear nights down are us and 'twill Tush And same course burns . that's made westward part again dead that's comes Horatio Horatio , it Mark ? the to speak ; like the . like It like Most art that the which thou Together with ? speak not look fantasy and more ! speak ! pale answer ! believe ? parle . ice , the . dead this watch I my opinion not know , state he the most me to work of cast shipwrights Sunday be labourer this cannon watch our , knows , him know , inform can ? valiant , Our so goes That whisper can I image the the Was Whose Which slay so Thereto Dar'd For forfeit he stood with , law by which by Did carriage To skirts of , hot vanquisher seiz'd the fell to And he Was Against inheritance King ; by , the sir of , and some those , resolutes to unto And motive lost main terms watch , our - no be of it rummage lands strong no is state other . King , head the in portentous like of state sheeted the tenantless mightiest and the streets , eye wars these so but e'en the haste and is mind's of fell dews fire Rome dead ; blood , events on coming the fates ; like harbingers the whose Upon stars almost precurse still , stands moist and Roman . voice , comes illusion me done be to , together blast or . again ! and thy may country's . me , thing to Speak thee Speak O thou treasure you , and speak walk earth of ! oft use of , speak me there if say it Stop Speak speak they which speak Do speak 'Tis speak I strike at it 'Tis gone speak being so ! here air blows here violence , majestical , the is to here here And was about when . a malicious , crew thing morn , here heard sounding shrill the trumpet I guilty here ; or hies . of , The And then Some his Th'extravagant fire erring and , and to the , air celebrated night dare spirit then wholesome , witch no , morn morning . our him acquaint shall pray , most , it with for upon will find this know my seen him . I and him . whole ; kingdom befitted us , nature of brow and it . him fought in be yet woe , ourselves now warlike state , sister to and dirge dole marriage , joy dropping freely which weighing , funeral With Have He by his father to dream and dear supposal , have with equal In Now Holding to be disjoint out with bonds much of for of message . him law , those by affair , that our Our hath To and , with Colleagued To bearers Cornelius greeting : business brother is So much ourself ; herein of in nephew's bed - young , purpose subject of you , and that and , his to our and VOLTEMAND will things Laertes some suit . What what's We now us of , What And CORNELIUS and Farewell , of reason is't with . you , the of return to Denmark native , to mouth heart asking Dane beg thou to have came I ; to in duty thy Laertes father and that , confess my though favour wishes them I Than head wouldst leave must The hand And bow your , lord you Have My to leave from and him beseech I He hath Upon do thy Take Aside And best A thy By hour cousin graces , at than , and i' much too thy thy vailed with like 'tis Seek Do not through common noble for let thine cast , look I the that lord it so colour off . die . common is madam Passing haviour of forc'd the shows the visage grief of a , they but I For These Seems and must dejected moods These man the trappings actions denote , show father father , sense to peevish we the should ? know vulgar , and unschool'd mind a , unfortified a To That impious stubbornness . 'Tis thing must most heart understanding in absurd , most against As what A reason of fault A Is To the From 'This it Why death must be are And with the a of woe ' till We for father . you toward impart school most so father no You Than I And courtier we going that unprevailing ; Here In back I Let not pray stay 'tis This No that . O . shall bruit would flesh resolve stale all weary 'gainst that - to me ! That self the this . merely months That Fie grows Possess So it a excellent satyr a to Oh O canon His on't two O me what little , which beast but — married wants Why my ere , she — reason month eyes , most of salt flushing Hercules ; brother on't , tears wicked speed to , uncle good to sheets , galled incestuous I come cannot to in . hold that . my see do I Horatio break is It , glad lordship forget to or , poor your ever And make I'll Sir you . so violence are your that say good you you lord , ere deep me , see to your I , came do mock to , think prithee drink is yourself , Against see see see , furnish see met had , Horatio forth seen I had see methinks ever , my see Horatio lord a all his eye was . king , again like eye him . yesternight ? think I him eye upon , once look I Saw eye eye an lord the ! eye my for while I these of ear witness may . middle like . exactly on these had - cap , and , together and the of A nights waste encounter'd and night march thrice solemn he walk'd , in ; this where ? more not deliver'd knew like deliver'd . it did deliver'd ; once did deliver'd deliver'd . speak haste cock morning head it the sound deliver'd our in crew would none methought , none 'tis , think it live none But It As none Indeed none none none I do let the watch this down writ know , and , MARCELLUS We 'Tis very my say , toe ? up ? foot face ? frowningly anger ? beaver than . have . haste moderate with MARCELLUS While Very one like was , I have as I And If to hold tenable peace though noble warrant tonight . should will hitherto have it it me you it whatsoever loves you and you to mine : farewell . to So conceal'd I Upon an be Let Give And I'll duty loves father's some still the then play My Our is the would my men's to Farewell benefit are sleep winds , from do the . o'erwhelm : foul night deeds foul in necessaries hear fashion a Hold Do A it For , convoy But And Hamlet and trifling toy a of primy violet in not and of sweet , minute more it this . The The And therefore and for Carve He voice must health for of his : whole choice on choice state his is cautel loves and ; his will birth his further it loves dear enough ; you , place goes which is honour your deed Denmark may of voice weigh , And maid galls morn best rebels their beauty shot unmask infants not prodigal your desire sister . affection moon : is to the spring the disclos'd , strokes youth . most liquid be dew imminent in lesson my to way reckless treads . comes father . a a upon blessing . O A . Yet . smiles Aboard your libertine . grace leave . with shame . you ; tried vulgar . memory , There . for stay'd Of entrance - not thou character but dull hatch'd th'opposed thine man's them thou , precepts in Give and their means unproportion'd any thou Grapple hast do Take not thy But they a a borrower nor ; friend be in . husbandry self night the be generous best chief day to own thine , be the this false For And And Neither For Costly as habit fancy in the most borrowing loan of above it The invites you , my blessing then : humbly I What in season . man follow not Thou : do Most canst my Ophelia , well remember . you to said my keep Farewell Lord . yourself tell and 'tis and oft late you honour truth me Give daughter , yourself — made up of you must your so to lord is As You it He you Affection , you I'll do I Or That are — not — the lord my know teach think tenders Tender crack not Ay Which My to wind hath a poor true a baby yourself yourself importun'd you'll ta'en these thus may to the given hath lord you all countenance almost heaven , my . of I . know , Hamlet young walk are investments they , bawds for from moment , Lord terms mere Breathing The air a What hour now ? season the near struck . air eager and an it No Indeed doth does and my spirit the I , held his It then lord his of thus trumpet bray Rhenish walk takes pledge ? custom is't I , than : nations west it born in draughts and , wassail drains - The Is it They by some of the nature habit pales of they his some forts complexion nature particular men them guilty , reason o'erleavens these defect . of mole vicious birth By Oft breaking plausive say infinite as ; Fortune's or as , one men , grace , or goblin from heaven of Look blasts or thee O call thee shape questionable answer tell ! Hamlet me I'll a intents in . ignorance hearsed thee quietly ; but damn'd or health to royal in . airs speak Thou Be thee thy , me , father not burst ; in sepulchre mean steel nature of moon we our souls with , Wherefore should desire to with Wherefore Wherefore It if more go no Wherefore It Wherefore . impartment away Wherefore courteous some Wherefore with it . I will then speak , do waves tempt . beetles to dreadful summit flood base his it do pin's the at the form reason . of of of lord ; fee itself . that , my it sea every desperation Think of cliff , brain . thee lord follow still . body out , each petty hardy By I Still heaven Have issue thus , what the Denmark him , follow it Heaven Nay When will me Pity To not will Alas poor , Must will and myself I will will to will render ghost . will . hear shalt fires my away confin'd father's What thy term to to in But that my spirit night , house prison . of secrets in days crimes foul the for for a purg'd tale unfold stars ; lightest word whose soul thy combined . thy love be , end part to stand , spheres on porpentine young blood , murder best ; swift unnatural it as , I the sweep I this ease be Now Lethe fat , hear , me so forged process the of itself out but that sting , Hamlet , Denmark life . power adulterate with incestuous , gifts queen falling seeming won and wit , From O The So uncle With wears Now uncle my , to his dignity shameful uncle the a whose , me uncle uncle though But a made uncle soft Brief But sate itself prey I uncle in the ! And to court , me My in with quicksilver the courses hour secure thy of scent hebenon , the always be let Holds The Upon The And smooth smooth imperfections but sent on horrible O my smooth , unanel'd to , in nature the smooth luxury for howsoever thy thy If smooth this incest be smooth , contrive else ? earth ! uneffectual the . shows pale his matin Remember stiffly grow . globe up while poor thou this from , Yea Ay In books distracted the trivial all records memory a memory . table copied pressures there my alone shall observation volume of by , damned ! woman smiling is pernicious . it Yes I , smile it set it . may remember me . him secure Heaven . Within HORATIO My So ho is't lord boy , Hamlet Lord . Illo How ho , Hillo news lord ? MARCELLUS dwelling heaven HORATIO a an lord he's ghost no There , ne'er There's But needs I , For fit , And Such These are Look but sorry they you much Never desire you , we faith , my Ha , ha hear you on , under the Consent boy thou to oath Beneath of the Propose . shift again , ground gentlemen your Come ? hither upon sword Swear my you Swear lay Swear of speak Canst more work . my i' old pioner and therefore dreamt , How you stranger As I , thus stranger With know' pronouncing ; speak' stranger , arms Or stranger to of know stranger stranger mercy ambiguous such we That To encumber'd at , by Or So you That all do do , time And willing , do born to go together it do , O . do of fingers do is do Give him this You Before shall do visit him intend it it more , him Reynaldo well his son and what what very and 'twere some demands as you And Marry me who encompassment at know , What company 'I they Than part Ay do father your By Take , if't But part so forgeries may sir , To him ; take wild , please be are such wanton noted but I so and he ; none put say , heed may 'not , may dishonour in , charge . would . go fencing You another may but of unreclaimed blood liberty , outbreak general A they not my That's The in assault fiery quaintly — that . working , son my sullies on drift crimes would of sound assur'd 'gentleman' the , be the you little a Your The the And then mass , I something consequence the out tennis' , the yesterday with gaming so such t'other , and or : consequence' ! day gentleman , bias lecture have former find with directions . out and you lord My Shall Videlicet Or There There a brothel him at : o'ertook falling windlasses thus bait , By do falsehood indirections and of , assays wisdom lord my him let shall inclination his lord lord well you my , ply I Farewell , my , And with shirt and to loosed so knees out love of his as with down sewing my ankle knocking Hamlet Lord No Pale as , his upon hat , look piteous comes other before I fear me for Mad To lord I He took me do not know said by goes And And thrice his his with last , it end he would draw little thus sigh seem to find his over , and up waving and piteous so with seem'd And No I lord my repel his to as letters me you did denied heed he fear'd sorry ; His , did thee seems I not It As To lack discretion , is beyond with hath access but and him to younger go beshrew our jealousy trifle ! opinions my age the To must More This be grief Welcome The that More cannot it death and much we need Our Hamlet's th'exterior th'understanding of hath should himself thus with both him be I of from nor So aught your supply us more he whom And sure Good open'd to us men If and awhile thanks hope our of receive king's As Your visitation by the show To I To For the shall power pleasures Put both our Thanks dread your lay service . changed presence and instantly and and . you . Norway , return'd good our . hast still Thou Are from the think my my ? or to duty I I Have Both it The hath not to Hamlet's of do of I do long that lunacy hear policy else this to . to to queen all , son's hath in . found bring that sweet be shall the th'ambassadors that great ; brother appear'd griev'd arrests found Polack the out brief and truly out and suppress Norway , of return levies which ; into 'gainst to to ; him , with crowns And levied ; so against your was Was falsely Makes Gives Whereon give , With Through such regards us well down , and this allowance , took , we'll and our , And Meantime , That As likes for , your night you , It at night we Answer night to thank consider'd upon think night your Go night will And night night But let be for to art else . Your use true no : art but matter Your limbs brevity but brief More Your he Mad of . will A art ; Your Your Perpend Your mine is thus this , is And in daughter , defective of . defect , 'beautified' ; to Hamlet I will be ? not believe to it to , have machine , Adieu , and . his she hath , my show'd means me , mine given by All And more in Thine dear Ophelia , What As would As I fain I my my Before Or Or had play'd upon think my 'Lord is a she Hamlet And This not be . lock messengers should done Which Admit Fell a to Thence into repulsed he no , wherein we wail , madness all lightness watch short this he , make , ' that ? this ''Tis ? otherwise said , prov'd When It be . find were . further we it I it try he lobby the Here How this truth circumstances lead me , centre though four . to him not , state , her behind I'll and you the Mark At encounter me But And How , God my Hamlet . me away , you a - my - know you me , were , my lord goes world Honest I Then sir to in very That's of true maggots Have sun if walk I my Aside . youth he in . first that ; truly . me How not say you her by this matter that slave wrinkled satirical are have their though plentiful eyes a I most it thus and down crab a in't ? on lord set like , if . him reason and . willingly is he . part . of you there , lord God To Polonius Lord well . dear honoured My indifferent As You go to most Good that . excellent Nor we not , my Neither lord her Then you live the None lord my world's the to , honest hands me at ? prison not ? privates her that news your Fortune O , most . a my you good she many o' th' , not being are Denmark which is the world . lord my is me to ambition makes none Why God , Which , then makes bounded , indeed ambitious is , be , dream ambition Then A ROSENCRANTZ to we We'll beggars' and itself shadow's . and of but beggars you way an man beaten honest I am , even my lord in inclining , you no thanks a ; come , You , King conjure you lord ? by the rights , sent is have you craft and have could you whether me . with love Queen shall ; secrecy will know I to you I but of late , frame , not why the earth wherefore exercises excellent eye of have , off . for anticipation no feather . custom that I , prevent mirth moult it , a What most goodly , this no angel of quintessence did Why , lord , think the then receive my that of the not shall gratis knight humorous lungs his whose man , welcome shall use be to and his tickle are or shall make those are of the tragedians , o' th' reputation in the both city travel it were wont to take for't say sigh the the king shall shall you they are . means both residence they they indeed it the of their , How comes , No aerie and so berattle are they quality of ? no they the little tyrannically children are the — eyases clapped goose if make been has them bid sin , if themselves themselves their themselves longer maintains 'em they their better on against to can How ? writers themselves holds no , while in nation themselves . about throwing themselves much my been , O Do strange while uncle for not would make for . lord it possible carry there that very hundred something a at ducats in him is , out it his than out . natural Elsinore to players out hands than mother deceived out entertainment aunt wind When west - out are mad out this appurtenance , welcome what , each , you see lord , for ear from too not and Well north north , That is . old it actor you , Rome to Monday me tell : My have Upon Buzz my , history — ass his tragedy Plautus scene , nor what heavy historical too - pastoral historical , be and Israel treasure . had he . fair which loved . for the . ' treasure . lord no well my came to lot God wot my was . For where valanc'd since young I like you Masters at fly , falconers ! is face Thy Pray the , French nearer is Denmark to God ring like . Come What speech have quality speech but it never acted , a passionate , speech lord was I the remember as , received the with top — was in digested matters said one nor no called , One phrase method , might wholesome it it , If and thereabout of in , down that , see me — let speech , in your , resemble Pyrrhus arms ominous , the he begins sable horse smear'd foot and gules dismal dread total . black mothers more of blood Hath loved where , especially chiefly It is so , it Pyrrhus he this line purpose lay his : this couched When With Now vile heraldry now tyrannous with and the , horridly trick'd with Roasted gore wrath in . thus So arm to whiff . rage , Pyrrhus . proceed , command in well spoken Repugnant at the with But Pyrrhus Priam drives at Greeks Anon his too short . His antique , strikes sword wide ; a with Unequal and and ear to Stoops reverend a Priam Which to as like was Pyrrhus' base , seem'd on declining prisoner his . painted a But silence And did vengeance the remorse rend out armour region never him , the As bowl Out , synod strumpet , fellies and round nave . sleeps or — long with a barber's shall a ! good he . flames head , all did if 'Gainst Who the she his her her in . this Where bisson diadem lank rheum and seen When The burst with of sword would move milch things instant mincing But her barefoot , down and upon the threat'ning for and clout that of stood in gods mortal Unless In made clamour husband's then pronounc'd she at gods burning turn'd you this , sport limbs — all the passion And , will . I'll for will . Use while report I lord deserve , is old friend hear We'll ? is Can you play . is The my for is set need is . study a is ? not good My , would that night would Good my are lord would Ay and would Follow b' O it would , am player . am , would , suiting , nothing alone ! for he king Yet , coward for of . rascal life ? my dear in lie does it , nose by off damn'd , me , A Who , Ha , I this To With , Remorseless As But am I should lungs gives - have should make 'Swounds I Must And fall a - a whore scullion guilty struck to organ proclaim'd cunning sitting ! by , That , to like Have They his he that the yea and my , such and I spirit I'll , melancholy have hath but blench seen I'll speak ; I'll I'll perhaps grounds the I'll Abuses Wherein I'll As is me very shape relative Out of catch spirits . King this of ? be sounded distracted and from can turbulent feels we But Nor from does confess find a him harshly why by no puts he circumstance of dangerous by quiet . disposition . demands , any that reply . told we 'Tis beseech'd With drive have sent purpose lord , Hamlet for by Ophelia , lawful is behav'd , here may , us leave , myself and bestow And We If't be may of , That And for That Hamlet's bring wildness good part your We I Madam him , of — Gracious exercise that are . may to , Read blame devotion's sugar book colour such To . Ophelia so you please do himself , give conscience ! thing that art , withdraw Is Than The smart not harlot's a I To And That flesh be that perchance in , Devoutly sleep shuffled of sleep have makes wrong , the unworthy and , so mortal dreams , 'tis to say natural to a consummation . respect life of time come , this There's the the . the and whips the scorns contumely , bear , thy remember'd Nymph my The and of pale cast of moment awry , now day , in , orisons , turn pith ills we ? a . for you for Good honour my this for lord many for for . for - re . you for , sweet I I lord them of know aught well breath perfume mind . noble . no admit commerce better have beauty your fair to lord power of your honesty your should than will , your my , to for ; truly it proof was bawd the the your . your your , what his Ay into . likeness Indeed thee to believed relish of for me I Why imagination fellows Where's none , not shut are not should in , with not my the not nowhere not but not heavens sweet snow thee ice , men know go O fool to If chaste as nunnery wise and you and , rest Those keep . o'erthrown , mad and jig make made your , you your . but nunnery ! are that , You already married a are as is , mind here fair state tongue , out something form lack'd way out on brood sits There's that me , reason out of woe O out honey That with out that suck'd Like Now unmatch'd affections out the hatch the to England : tribute speed out determination with to prevent for though , spake like And Was Love Nor what . countries our in he of still beating puts on't thus , you do think in expel different How , after do Lord . us not origin and . well My , queen lord of do neglected . hold his if But We heard need tell it so . or she confine shall It him be shall their Madness To But . hand thus I part rags hear - such Herods I too not Suit Be to you o'erstep purpose of , modesty but is , playing as 'twere the is action was own feature form his make censure and , scorn her , own Now this cannot to that nor — highly Christians there , that in which the praise neither , the of body grieve whole , that imitated , pressure the , made having others of it virtue though and , Nature's , well we Christian profanely seen , thought I O themselves too be , of hope laugh . in the to uses fool , is more , We ROSENCRANTZ Will and hasten . that haste your , Horatio my e'en at as . a just thy thee man ! lord , e'er Nay advancement may not do Why should but dear I hast ? the may thrift And let the could Hath And feed fawning fawning As fawning candied lick absurd poor the follow was fawning of Dost . fawning hinges tongue dear my equal that fawning suffering in , fawning of men distinguish For that blessed are those man foot death of too . slave stop are thee Hast blood ay , is heart's core . passion's As Which As And after . seeming judgements Give scene One And we detecting steal And the whilst pay is join to heedful his play . lord , Polonius , Queen play . I others . place my this theft will rivet our . be . will the , our cousin : playing the , King ; promise , have nor mine this - Polonius , lord say good not are play'd mine once . Capitol there . Brutus Be . and . you , you enact actor kill kill kill . kill do lord in mark that kill . attractive kill your think I nothing , meant country lord my , Lady shall lap your ? legs maids' , two be but man father , should What looks , then Nay long O die great hope sables . he on there's a , with , She She , off . whose declines and whose . kneels whose seeing kisses , upon it him poison King whose dead The . with crown him a and whose the a Enter Poisoner returns whose , seems body and love ? Mutes is his three or mallecho miching imports is her end . some accepts four unwilling away carried . The in , awhile . of play they'll play means him us all the : they tell tell Will , or any or 'Tis , prologue beg stooping our clemency posy ? a of the brief a hath . As Full Neptune's And the Since And what as Make , So That far us many journeys may the sun and . and , is neither love great their powers little leave , love fears love In operant , littlest fear are shortly and , love belov'd , Honour'd And Faith wed second confound husband , functions love do kind first the accurst as haply be let me be in treason . breast . love , dead move none but oft break , but we is the purpose of , with either what ourselves The most grieves for joy with ; themselves passion doth nor grief grief lose , debt . accident not change aye prove favourite enemies fortune , love aye flies , friend where aye aye run overthrown of our none aye . doth . fortune , advanc'd hitherto want aye makes shall love his fates , and Directly needs But thoughts think me wilt their devices to seasons orderly still do end our a I on to desperation Our That ours thy ends husband lord is dead , light . second heaven and hope strife wife . now here beguile be I . sleep would it I fain leave , brain us twain you play methinks word in't th' world . there the call you poison play in her ? i' of image : a . what wife o' . lord could see my , if I King are . edge off my you keen . love , groaning to worse take . doth time thy bellow Pox . leave for revenge agreeing , collected weeds midnight no ; seeing and , raven . name's . Italian His . with fire rises the frighted fares , Give How Lights light ? lord All Away strucken deer . lights ungalled world some go weep , away feathers players sir roses . forest , I . of ; forest , O now forest rhymed have Jove thou A fellowship and So this Would forest not a forest two share very , one whole dost This forest You A forest good the perceive ? word well O I'll Very talk well not it he belike if Why For ! some me lord ha , did very some king a , with you a . choler rather sir , what whole , King in doctor his drink retirement Ay more ; the plunge so start perhaps not sent my my . of . you to my mother , most my of not return shall . my affliction pronounce right be my end If your the me pardon a business , What as diseased wholesome make to you a but : wonderful son , that she thus , Therefore Make wholesome , no you answer . My wit's or behaviour of with at more We , obey She is I do what Good my , lord , lord desires speak were these us with by distemper your griefs your cause of pickers ? the you to your himself for the of voice grass you the Sir How be do not the Let while wind understand O see would you me if . too . lord Will my , I that be , do Believe me govern , mouth of to . I easy give eloquent cannot I any command : I cannot you it my ventages these harmony the and are your . lord will not most the have I would this think you voice what play cannot and presently Call . upon you Call of shape Call in like a Call a weasel Call . Call camel indeed . fool by . friends witching , time say 'Tis now churchyards When is by look do to , lose be not . could Soft thy enter but firm to bosom , let none hypocrites be not unnatural use shent : consent , you . lunacies safe endure grow hourly estate may religious upon life is . mind is bodies your fear provide Majesty it many many and and The It the thousand lesser which but it many whose from upon itself summit of alone with ; it Each King the Did Arm we now he's arras . the as meet that , warrant I'll wisely . convey she'll was than , partial o'erhear should . home him tax more you go bed smells curse as murder inclination What man in strong my guilt is eldest to pause both stand , than . A hath And my offence my ! defeats brother's Though And Were wash what's confront the in forestalled we but ere , mercy heavens prayer ! Then ? turn ; effects be for ambition I since ? May crown those own corrupted hand shove justice by of prize seen pardon'd But O I what ? th'offence one Offence's In and did foul murder which the , and my ; faults this retain currents the gilded oft the world no Buys out his teeth evidence repentance state wretched Even ; of can soft Help , soul what heart strings born - of : repent cannot , O ! sinews All Be O limed O Bow Art more stubborn may am villain , sole his took how with blown , full and this , who broad A He his this father crimes his To he , When drunk , is When Up he and in him audit the take in , is At That no th'incestuous his heels salvation some act , passage soul reveng'd , stays and at heaven . sickly be prolongs rises , up it . below heaven advances . go and goes but King Much I'll , Mother you Pray pranks straight without his that heat come , mother with round you him ? offended . matter the Fear what's me not . tongue ? with , Go Why the you forgot the , the No are , Have I'll by . speak not my so not now ? husband's You are wife mother brother's , help murder not slain ! bloody and deed King ? as as ! as this is good his ! fool as brother . as as — thy , is . intruding fortune , down shall as I so busy too be for wretched lady hands rash of , be is act blush of , proof have against Such of I done noise so rude of and an off takes , of the of tongue there love Makes there fair from soul the very there Yea words solidity this - sick there of false as The there Look there eye A Hyperion's New To This Could Where give . Look assurance to form like was seated on have that you what , tame but sure sure sense , follows eyes it's : the in waits could Is you hey from moor this on call fair leave to feed judgement humble age your at have you , err ; madness quantity of so sight sans let in in If Could a flaming To melt frost the When Since mine O turn'st And reason And In the rank corruption of , nasty sty . grained to an and making live enseamed . love , bed honeying and that Hamlet villain no me , more like sweat enter mine Of Save you Do You Do acting O forget not between to her bodies on Hamlet ? chide to command lets son your thy in O But look step Conceit amazement , weakest is , do your eyes incorporal you , lady . stones , alarm peep wildly in O you how you end Whereon and Start , And And Forth Upon the Sprinkle them Do at No , there nothing all but there ? is you speak that I see . away time That I have This as as the that matter utter'd . Mother from Lay My gambol will Infects corruption , yourself what on times my virtue ; in him do to heart twain good . eat not uncle's it half bed part the with you who , custom virtue , purer not , out ; easy easiness tonight livery and , you desirous , good bles'd same minister me night , good well so , this to again will scourge and , their only , be lady . remains more , What I ? I good , worse him I punish me with this . be begins gave cruel do you bid his , means , your all am . paddock craft that's That mad Let To the Unpeg , hide queen a , 'Twere your And Or paddling to essentially you in a from but who Such dear Whom There's I Hoist For But I the trust as I : my knavery sport , to me And , good one in , guts night me neighbour , prating and . most night draw secret Indeed crafts set packing the . moon into two the delve meet room counsellor . grave . them ! tonight heaves . man kills have does both lawless rat , ' ! brainish good old arras . hearing rat apprehension had to , threats deed bloody to all been haunt , feed disease of ; everyone , so restrain'd But , be us to whose was our love done come , sooner ship him and . with fair , this him . body . haste he friends further , Ho Hamlet chapel And , go hath his in madness Polonius in away our name , diameter , slander , mean we so to air , done haply , blank miss world's shot stowed GUILDENSTERN O body . the , kin lord you Compounded keep can of sir But ; swallowed , them authorities Ay glad where A not , my . King body . thing the is my is with , but , him Hide A to me Of I How Yet Who Where , Without , where's . Guildenstern Ho At where fat beggar one lean but else at Now he eats man king and Alas fish may fat all are worms politic creatures Not fat We but Send heaven . this him within i' To seek Hamlet For The is which Which , done England tend For England For ? Hamlet , Good knew'st if that a cherub them flesh and so mother I'll . not , foot leans Away Delay my on if Pray . looks you is have Tempt Father man . thereof thee at hold'st free awe full not mayst thy imports to , power Danish cicatrice sword and haste ; rages , effect , coldly at it know Till in . my . his in know . lord . us that shall And Majesty would a greet from by my ? pray of part , some sir Norway I whose of They Norway them old to against speak to We go hath will it , five yield , a some of little profit to Norway I patch addition with of . it ! peace cause no shows . I th'imposthume debate thousand , is Polack is That This inward man humbly and much question of , wi' you sir , garrison'd twenty this straw . a Go market is lord my me time more . reason , be Now whether th'event and wisdom part and not — and and and and means and , event and to ambition invisible , puff'd death quarrel fortune , without great a be dare great , argument stand and , a my I straw , of I stain'd see , a fight cannot to And When greatly not the Which thoughts My To be slain ? O bloody will She her , needs pitied speak of her she distract . have , heart ? beats move gestures , thought them , own thoughts . may she true sin's to nature . is . spilt , strew , amiss be to , How I By his his what , cockle From lady sandal . turf green , lady , you , pray gone and Say He Ophelia but look Alas White stone his , the as Nay dild you They but are God what , upon what the With true , let's And Then the , more Ophelia Let that dupp'd the be To your Valentine , a , Charity I'll and Saint ! fie for ; on't . tumbled if by My Come night counsel cold th' i' for sweet ; ladies good night it weep of night hope all will How well would you your is the close this O her come sorrows All When poison death they come of her ladies good . cannot pray I patient good , thank ; good you . author ; spies father he thoughts most not , battalions son death and which we are containing in is as pictures France , his himself from all judgement fair her and much and the Without Her With Feeds on pestilent stick our , is guard this . the ? Laertes offices the forgot young Antiquity , custom of word it king , ' cry false Laertes props king the , counter , be and world . in rabble call lord , O is tongues shall ! we 'Choose cry They Caps , give vile pray looks true between here cuckold of Give . drop , Let That little . person like , not fear ? our . a it , Laertes , would king doth can What thy is go — man Gertrude , not demand Let came dead . comes ; worlds what you my My Of for shall you your That None And Will friends ? It heat up ! her times . seven mine eye be . How , heaven turn kind , the , be , dry shall possible an , beam virtue that , life wits , fine man's young a sister rose weight ! paid 'tis sweet and loves it nonny grave wits , and move down stole his master's ' O . a steward thus dove my ! didst - could It that's is there A me . rosemary pansies This ! the than for love matter that's remembrance nothing's daughter . madness , thoughts . grace o' daisy and of and call when it may all columbines herb There's Thought Go , no thy was was white is . God his away soul pray I on we All is gone he never to flaxen , as again death - bed , come will poll gone . mercy cast , And They Our Be of , nor 'twere nor as , noble No where the you So formal hatchment question . let pray with axe — his burial so his be this Let sword death shall in call't , rite , me go th'offence they are They . What Let bless should know part from . letter if for give Ere we appointment gave these a for him put On They knew have King as they alone much But the thou what wouldst they fly bring thee much am sent I . will I letters . These thee I grapple . as ear will make Guildenstern much whom , him do't will the speedier good their fellows are course . thee , things feats . The up stirr'd special strong perhaps his you , seem . and myself Queen , all to virtue almost so She's by me Lives yet O may they by but the I Would That My Why the like had father noble a I , again them back the . terms of mount all again age come and flat so . that shall shortly stuff beard You and now ? love , danger think hear ourself with ? the Hamlet . to What will we teach you news from this brought Hamlet ! lord ; they , lord given my Leave shall , return recount the eyes know I your and the ? first the sudden it the the I the am I shall live the the postscript Can lost the warms To thine So you Will should it you how it That rather death in , I my but , practice breathe ; travel much , regard my , that is part What light needful A very Wherein they Did that , age and and well myself gentleman demi he So incorps'd He serv'd of graveness . his weeds since but unto grew . Normandy the horse of short Come I witchcraft graveness in't And Had And I've The can to had Norman forgery he That graveness Importing Here A of graveness in brave wondrous horseback graveness doing against this his did and . graveness shapes topp'd my and thought - brought tricks . same A my know , The Upon He art And and made gave For your match Hamlet he That He Your o'er do play envy scrimers your defence , sight 'twould a to of nor , guard , Sir with and this with , out , are But Why you is of , abate love ; changes do ; accidents sigh many : undertake would are quick , as this like to for , are comes show easing hurts That in words to delays ; are spendthrift place No And The Requite . knife , that it mortal Where no simples cataplasm mountebank a . for a purpose an can scratch'd slightly point have a dip And A unbated a with Or draws I for that will So of that Under this If May ha't We'll this 'Twere And our not better our look assay'd a have did that fit drift proof in a When that chalice Our How If And As So they Of But - shows with the There to hang her brook weedy . awhile of incapable . a chaunted snatches her from wretch garments creature , poor the Pull'd Till Which element that Unto time her Alas muddy But Or she she that of fire it I Too It woman have I The Let she she a will therefore . tears . fain ; again she , she . give But shame And our is do I this burial when , his rage grave ; start follow wilfully . The seeks Is she I , on buried in salvation ? her herself argal , man drown will , is delver , he Here . good ; water the myself offendendo , if leave go himself , me , man — drowns Ay , Will Why truth thou have say'st world makers ditchers . there in this and grave , been . on't If . more o' the , ha' should out pity hang or There this . burial have confess another profession folk great they - put Scripture the thou none ? I'll ? arms he How dost ? thou Could If frame faith for in - maker that he ; or than the stronger either , builds is What , to well . do built , than to thee well those , To't ? carpenter or and that now . it about he fetch me makes till liquor , 'a thee say mend not dull doomsday . Go stoup for you last asked are cannot will question ; maker' - In , it I methought feeling stealing , property with little employment making a him - his grave it hand the me shipp'd hath skull murder o'er ! it to th' had a tongue in it and a that ? ass not . jawbone circumvent once which this it sweet - it - morrow lord such to meant he revolution think play . but had knocked and might How , a lord one ! dost it that no ? A at Why be of pit a a to of his , lawyer . Where his guest ; guest sheet be , shrouding guest for clay is tenures guest a meet guest his of land , guest his and The ha box this no have lands lord , calf of which grave's this , I lord more more for is . in assurance . meet thou . the in't be to made liest . of , a such a ; quick think , I , it lie my lie 'Tis quick a not out and is , in't for is mine liest away it . she's , dead or taken comes long How — card soul equivocation toe his - kibe maker that o'ercame the How By is ! must but , that to't tell that is came three hast the the I day the very he if was sent into ? It . as . mad he ? seen him there ; there the they came strangely Very ? sexton ground here , he die before nowadays or nine rotten be scarce not he , if eight . is more year laying . tanner he Why a decayer ? and twenty . keep some that skull is it do A mad his hide while was Nay fellow's for mad whoreson same a him sir . back of , now merriment lady's my one not a , see Takes the skull , that E'en borne me songs Not gorge rises Where it times Alas of jest ; be and . tell . my , think looked that , chamber , come must to tell her laugh let her chop ? were table the set grinning paint at ? What's Alexander Dost To the what buried a ; as to it ! may Why follow lord not bung him turn'd and he dust barrel . thus dead , a that stop Imperious ; and loam But Mourners The Queen with it What else youth ? was the far order doubtful death as have , on , charitable unsanctified prayers lodg'd rites thrown be should her virgin the and be her flesh unpolluted service done of rest to be be souls . be be priest be my Hamlet's my . churlish , Ophelia howling ? the Farewell wife sweet , thy grave cursed a mine quick or mountain blue Bears Conjures such wonder well . throat rash dangerous , something fear . me not fingers from my hand thy let have ! upon longer no will , fight my lord quiet be . All O my Until Good Woul't I'll Woul't . up show For , with prate me Singeing his rant is awhile , as patient as the will . drooping , with quick her female : thou'lt him disclos'd , him , is it do in matter Strengthen mew His sit use what have no . his upon speech — we living be the sir for Sir Worse than heart it , sleep there not the indiscretion plots deep a our When hew - rashness be prais'd That , in And Our for ; them divinity pall that sometime shapes the , so to , scarf'd Grop'd My Finger'd mine To I grand My own their packet forgetting manners making royal commission room , and fine , in desire withdrew axe , proceed ? now thou , sir wrote — brains , down , do much it and , as fair me sat statists know tributary amities great of their garland might King the faithful palm was his from the wheaten still comma between Without many such a like 'tween , other heaven purse seal . the and Thou make love conscience ; the their Does the not near by the , the 'Tis the Why my thee a opposites incensed . king mighty He Does And Thrown in such with hath not it that To quit Into Peace sure The is you For by . of humbly Your I thank state is ; be chough ; beasts I a say him . wind , the spirit of , thank right all diligence for . Put . Majesty dirt should your bonnet . 'twere and sultry very the that this as 'tis my — signify , head Majesty it , on his lord my , in it me It is indifferent me very is ; great me is bade . beseech me believe very of mine for of , me soft he is me , definement suffers him him inventorially respect ease me continent of a though gentleman part or what him his divide take and , yaw dearth his we breath Sir ? tongue . in sir lordship most infallibly of him gentleman in the ? another of Laertes the Of , him ? are . spent , would not it ? should excellence compare imputation . well , most hilts of rapiers horses But him very , carriages the Three the ? it of the fancy call the very and liberal you by I would carriages . against this all French be to , are you , French their matter the would phrase liberal The , would exceed Why : six , How if no ? of opposition , If it me lord my I , be if . hits odd , Majesty , brought please e'en but deliver , Let the is nature so shame . will head . to what flourish To did the collection tune He to , drossy ; his on the he and Majesty his to My lord , in him that bevy same opinions hold habit lapwing dotes a know sends habit He the , brings habit are bubbles habit by to . if If habit of yeasty fanned . young habit will whensoever King's , the or that to constant The , play attend , Laertes him the hall . you so his be . in been think matter not . is . kind a heart he . but lord went lose well me . this odds France no gain woman not in of I will such repair such be it . leave betimes come such from such hand this such take , Hamlet me Give such But I presence How That And Hamlet Hamlet If , Then Hamlet is of the is Sir madness disclaiming , Free I my . o'er nature my hurt should case this . and no elder voice my and To I keep and And do and name will will not and your like love one foils embrace and receive wrong us and star star fiery by , star , know my wager , well laid has odds star both you . young it not he fear star them the star Give You this hand star . we the You foils Very well is heavy Ay me If is see all Let foils the . These me another too . me Or all than Denmark's In King , And The cannons trumpet to drinks the on , heavens , wary Come ' a sir my lord One Stay give me . Here's , Well Give drink to him first hit what you by hit palpable ; the ; say thy health . A Come Here The carouses and my to my you it late and is by By . me but him now think't not , Laertes 'gainst do best You violence wanton on of , they ho my a am there Nay Queen both , mine She , drink to does swoons The It treacherous is world is turn'd The No ! Ho ! Treachery here , villany the , thou thee thy foul Lo . instrument thee an . envenom'd there in Hamlet half in practice life ; lie I do good art of hour . work thy . but I friends Treason OSRIC incestuous Follow off Here Drink justly forgiveness my is He this is with ! fell I am this , adieu . have't , I'll , aright cause my . by ; left a . yet Here's more I cup good Horatio go liquor Roman As Dane Heaven a , th'art a what live in awhile in felicity from thus this Fortinbras the , To What in Young This noise , with warlike poison quite I I potent ambassadors warlike conquest cannot But live do has heart angels . solicited him . with Why Where of sight , the The thy to thee you quarry This this of does this , this proud eternal at struck in havoc , late this should give us hearing , are cell see this is it wonder ? death this . dead Rosencrantz That that sight many hast is bloodily so So dismal have his for , order to you death you unknowing the that . bodies , view and upon to it our , their these bloody be , wars gave th'ability the jump this England placed th' So purposes All , heads upshot this Let to And Even to to let But On to For To Bear captains to to soldier had and the for him to a likely , Such shows shoot soldiers which amiss a is . war of the shot will , the be ordnance will United Use the S , of , copyright editions part Project works use following General and paying the is an including you with complying If . you if Project license trademark Gutenberg used the trademark electronic concept of this license Gutenberg charge eBook of Project this may of You not the may and , nearly and States the the online of . Gutenberg agree Gutenberg , to property or all understand and agree to cease using this and in abide of trademark a agree . E be people few who may by refund in forth set an agreement of you terms below Archive in the United individual collection this Gutenberg the law , copyright all in unprotected Of course of for . agreement sharing Gutenberg of can Gutenberg the distributing States freely this work Gutenberg keeping outside are you . country your change of of this with state work the of laws . or distributing other . E . phrase whenever prominently which immediate on . to country copy Project viewed of world no included . you eBook online and , displayed , the with accessed , United distributed Gutenberg or work the the restrictions no almost copied cost License . where the If can any fees copied posted before Gutenberg S and work E work the and . E through the work charges or the . the or on to a associated United a contain holder with requirements for an permission beginning this work or Project the . holder through . E Additional terms all works posted and at Project full a distribute , with files remove the or any any the or marked hypertext and access sentence Gutenberg up or distribute or word to other E links You may , user a a copy request . form copy provide . upon , form nonproprietary on must you of the exporting work format E distributing paragraph reasonable . any . Any in access for Gutenberg electronic copies for gross calculated The using . paragraph Project a fee or comply to royalty of that applicable Gutenberg the Gutenberg your of fee Project to the under prepare about to the such at as Foundation marked date donate Archive Archive any money Foundation . paid days of Project or medium destroy and Project Gutenberg all receipt by F replacement receipt discovered and group of charge Project of reported fee you , Archive or to a must Foundation , agreement on the . volunteers Contact works Literary Gutenberg forth U by , do Despite which to , may not Section these efforts , in creating , may Gutenberg stored Section , or your defective , limited a Section errors Section on . Gutenberg in Section F to Section not effort identify such , infringement cannot computer a LIMITED Defects Gutenberg you electronic trademark , Archive under agreement REMEDIES FOR - fees liability F defect the refund providing entity is receive copy further the . second the also , F . is it explanation may you If work this or warranties . F . any of applicable to interpreted disclaimer by be the owner INDEMNITY agent Project , volunteers works in with Gutenberg , indirectly , occur to cause arise directly liability electronic the agreement . the . this state to and employee of Foundation the Foundation , Project of variety and . Gutenberg's with Project In the Literary . collection reaching volunteers life donations , can Gutenberg , help future Project donations about . about org profit Foundation about about up by permitted about identification Internal . about gutenberg . Literary Archive the Gutenberg tax by the laws mission . its survive small Many the can contact widest and all by licensed carry upon Literary at about public to The array are - important with freely charities effort States have these While not or we considerable with . and much visit and . status of gutenberg paperwork including equipment IRS uniform it states particular state SEND locations a United takes in keep we who prohibition To any org compliance . for such . states where staff current but alone pages Project was eBooks are volunteer anyone with of Gutenberg are . a library . www Hart visit checks and including Michael of , concept Information General Gutenberg Project distributed Professor . U necessarily eBooks including subscribe how This Archive to Foundation