answer and Stand Nay Stand Long live Stand unfold ! Stand yourself King Stand . Stand your . cold heart a , good stirring Horatio them bid ? there . make ho , Dane the honest farewell , you , O Give . Barnardo place Holla what , piece . Welcome , A thing . night . it , appear not eyes the let And are we , And Well sit Barnardo hear Last same star night bell off . scholar like speak the Thou In art . It like the ? Horatio . like the it . wonder to . with , fair usurp'st it harrows me Horatio of night warlike Denmark charge speak charge is By that that with the it ! away . stalks I thee ? look pale believe and not offended speak , Stay Before Without As it God Is , I might true thyself . the like , and 'Tis , when combated art th'ambitious sledded in the thought before With Does And why such of shipwrights Sunday that this with whose of brazen , implements war haste day last , King , to , by now goes That the What Dar'd in mart At Our inform can is't impress from the might be Doth divide , the sweaty the us so night toward Norway , Hamlet , King a had , young list of mettle . a up Shark'd For His he by of those all the no , strong other full resolutes and here , hot , food it a doth and hath this main father And That skirts Hamlet to Now and , head it , King wars watch take unto us compulsatory diet , to some enterprise which , watch , our this our is watch watch land preparations , chief the watch in e'en watch ; streets sheeted fell of mind's watch the so : dead Roman and the tenantless trains influence fire the almost , on coming heaven A mote And sick the like doomsday with stands fates fierce eclipse . still countrymen to prologue our precurse of preceding and harbingers Lo where . comes it , grace be and to fate country's in thy of oft womb avoid life may , earth walk speak and stand not my here 'Tis 'Tis will ! it offer It started it , when have heard thing , morn the throat , or sea , a fearful is of cock Doth with that trumpet . I sounding , the that ever all of singeth no , the Saviour's is , it time ; long stir ; abroad say wholesome nor russet watch the Let No fairy have Break The , then gracious in part my seen have do is dare night . clad yon witch hath my him fitting acquaint for believe . hill to I life , find speak with brother's Voltemand that green memory Laertes bear Though To To far Yet hath discretion wisest be with in grief one brow whole , our us nature , him woe ; kingdom queen . death marriage gone freely thanks our herein dole in eye state a with to remembrance dropping with and this now joy , know For which barr'd all have , him meeting father fail'd this be for : young law here , rid - Fortinbras , scarcely to , in that nephew's and The His Norway impotent this Now much gait , Giving greeting and ; Cornelius his herein have time So those of , for . Voltemand , made scope , purpose suppress levies all dispatch , the this you Of For bearers business You Your leave whence show my Dread my willingly must My To bow them thoughts you and wishes gracious bend lord thou wouldst From duty in , France pardon . leave says to , Upon I fair best spend Laertes him leave to Polonius wrung , your confess now I leave again toward What , cousin more the i' , give you seal'd my time ; I will it thine at be will ! son than you on father ever look cast lord my Good let Seek know'st Hamlet , noble with like thy for thy a common for not through 'tis madam , Ay Passing But they but These sweet give have For 'Tis That must , do and A An know be simple must most the any to heart , the 'This For what Why should fault A Take Is As of This in we going In Do Than impart It You the with which toward to school no most And . you back most beseech and , with in shall pray I Here chiefest And Our to would away itself Or self - a into had O God unprofitable of , this and . too ! gross an it rank ! fie me slaughter . shall solid Everlasting resolve - the King's that that uses melt O ! flesh — he her face the had and of to that , That ; not should unweeded 'tis loving , appetite Why too remember As a might ? increase she month : nature thy those ere on ; followed A she , God not me But Like Frailty By I if on't — Frailty Frailty , father's poor yet and or , all brother to married Frailty Frailty is With . Frailty my break It not Ere I the O most Hercules ; father's Frailty beast . which have mourn'd ! O Would Had She But left yet flushing wicked incestuous I see you ! forget , I my ever , to for to dexterity the to lordship . you . servant my that ? friend Horatio ; myself sir . my are truant depart to affair drink ere in . student . mother's funeral . your disposition truant would I hear do is to me , see what make Would I My lord I came see my it fellow follow'd funeral foe I methinks met ! my marriage that . Horatio was all ? Who upon look I ? him . all in goodly like your King , man shall take not I Saw think , saw yesternight deliver while may these on , In With for these of to , they of to distill'd thrice : did in time , third , watch and . father third ? we platform this was third lord Form third And , The third My third where ? methought , away . our in crew would and , I you to speak yet did . our my BARNARDO . tonight think at And vanish'd strange sight lord , From Indeed indeed you We , you ? foot wore ? sorrow red or , frowningly up beaver . there very upon fix'd Most would had . seen have sable ; walk Perchance It was Not , when his , still I hell though , my father's no but hap ye well come rise well were to foul , night farewell not is the ! benefit , his toy of sweet of youth the For thews The and withal no In wide Carve The Unto he which is further . sustain withal , you loves and place body ; sister . open affection brother do heaven reckless puff'd recks primrose a like the and But way , lies none good this of th'effect to Show As I shall my some itself , best though in else keep , to treads rede own of and ungracious his not a a blessing is , of for ; in ? tongue . vulgar hoops thy but , hast , character these few thy thoughts memory tried . act for Laertes , Aboard shoulder , blessing shame . in no by their palm , ear th'opposed dull thy quarrel that man censure thine to - entrance and with thy . in of but entertainment steel of comrade . unfledg'd beware habit Of every man's the Give as thy ; the the thine the . true . be day man . station : in chief lender and that ; any . tend . in the my . to ? Marry you , 'Tis in shall What I have keep Ophelia , 'Tis So lord his of to you my understand caution most ; and the up Give ? it And Affection hath is private audience time to you must me it If that As You in I , for should , tenders late a . green baby ; dearly yourself Tender teach know believe tenders lord Pooh his in ! Do do Marry Which Running are , And Ay With hath Even Be of , Do parley . of not Not heat these burns fire at that he is Hamlet brokers , investments for sanctified in Giving Set something their more take dye that believe with a like in pious their you his beguile plain talk so . slander with ; come Hamlet . young Lord For tether In they all , time forth for is from Lord ways is it shall Look to think What I bites air nipping then spirit not twelve now The , to my , doth he , wake his drains this does - struck it . near walk ? season It the swaggering Rhenish pledge trumpet upspring ; custom . lord his takes held King of out bray rouse , reels ; is't the clepe And our drunkards marrow and pith Ay manner and , oft From Makes , born revel headed mind is a here , phrase them particular mole So their They More of I say Nature's virtues As else infinite the , plausive From Doth fault of evil , men one of too that ; stamp star undergo The substance pure the manners — livery , as , doubt us goblin blasts from or ; hearsed and quietly why inurn'd , steel mean tell me ! their thy Revisit'st Making is beyond hideous glimpses Say horridly glimpses the to to go ? glimpses alone action ground . glimpses . glimpses glimpses . my it . form it . beneath fathoms many . the every of brain of into , me go not Go You Hold rul'd you off Be lord hands cries . cries cries body . nerve , cries me lion's him I'll , cries with issue will of cries direct cries will ? me lead Whither Must , To me , Speak art I thy term certain day a burnt the and secrets purg'd am thou to the foul for And Doom'd Are Make Like particular and I could tell each upon eternal If of And knotted Thy ears To me Haste And duller I find thee shouldst itself thou . this in stir , serpent by A abus'd not thou 'Tis Rankly that , Ay given The With Now uncle that won a whose in love what , From to . a went it O will , of . mov'd be link'd celestial . garbage to though , lewdness wretch a let methinks I scent shape in lust Upon That With leperous juice of hebenon hour of Sleeping gifts , whose natural radiant a as court So But Upon my always thy uncle orchard , through body posset , mine crust loathsome about brother's at my unanel'd of a . sin head to , once my . account ; most on it , bed damned act this pursu'st thee horrible O my , sent but disappointed queen imperfections in and her leave let aught , horrible , at heaven , near lodge , once me ! not bear be the . incest , else seat thee the holds , his . nor in thy not Taint the of host couple you But Ay And this poor ghost , while the trivial my distracted sinews you all In hell heaven the away all forms , stiffly ? the not Remember and thy book commandment there brain , live ; thee memory past heaven memory . grow globe , O up me , That most villain and be sure may are it smile , set damned my , Denmark . Within I , I is least At uncle So It 'Adieu MARCELLUS sworn't Within . you . him it . My lord secure Hamlet . my . lord lord my news noble my , Come my , What lord , tell it ? in , secret . dwelling my once the grave Denmark . think . I my lord , by lord ? you'll by , i' , he's right us be heart my tell And hold needs it as Such as your There ghost right , part , point go business my . pray I'll and my own desire hands we without every , For I You O'ermaster't is are For an honest to may friends Give request , me is't you Never what you ? not lord have will but not , now And . scholars , and soldiers . my faith , I already indeed . truepenny , sworn Upon , my . stage the thou sayst upon We so Nor my under Cries Ha , my ? Art thou , there . cellarage . lord my , hear this . the swear the Swear lay . sword hither of you upon . my . we'll by Never Hic Never And ubique Swear by my . but Beneath Then Come shift ground our . my . earth heaven dreamt of things a , mercy — come , Horatio . stranger , But you meet shall me disposition philosophy and it ? friends , shake never myself , you grace aught Beneath . to help this , know' such Or know rest I , do . So , you and Swear you to us in me spirit . Hamlet , together right cursed do poor so man love his not fingers , let's to . your And The That Nay time what shall , ever still do out , is of born set O was . and . spite And You Give My Before ; this my , good you where and question more finding keep , say may lord ; 'not , very put well him it drift know Reynaldo of his , demands some his very well , But As , 'I part thus do you my Ay , so ; go swearing . and , companions and Addicted Ay Quarrelling lord , My as That not That's no my Of you this ? mind . prenominate , him in in you 'friend this , guilty consequence be crimes would you the breathe ever thing converse to the man phrase so and country or with ' or Of lord my to ' . and ' , 'gentleman ' the consequence' such o'ertook there so forth or of See of you now ; not truth lord let I Good my lord my him . yourself in , shall And Well . the have , so been ? unbrac'd , ankle each knocking of love before hell purport other , me piteous so look a and upon as sewing doublet gyved in comes knees , been , his stockings his with , No As Pale lord To speak Mad for horrors said but ? fear do thus shaking up profound bulk all and length , arm brow face he mine , shoulder , done length rais'd it with length For o' And length seem'd to seem his being find length . King the , length , judgement ? jealousy but age might . love King move ourselves ourselves ourselves close ourselves sort opinions younger to , ourselves beyond is hide dear to grief be discretion As ourselves This that need ourselves Moreover The hasty Hamlet's sending transformation ; nor . death young occasion and glean gather companies our may in here you thus lies time vouchsafe so , And So Good whom he expend your the much to , Whether time For Your supply time show To time As To time time Might , by time And , too much Thanks Thanks , return'd joyfully father , you my news my the duty God ? hast think not hath that , cause fruit the do that admittance to , and bring , your that queen all of sweet grace do Give speak O it we , what my , source is father's Well Most It To That falsely Fortinbras th'assay before borne was his Whereon old his three Gives So With an entreaty his you might your therein of his please regards his dominions As his more think for at , rest thank , at to Go And day What majesty liege business and , be night night night , day , My is and noble define . less art no will . is she , and surmise , obedience remainder phrase a my , this me given To the celestial an and Hath ill phrase soul's . duty Now vile you shall to her , madam Good thou Doubt never truth that awhile stars the to but : phrase . Thine As they And This in am , that , love obedience evermore I most at lady these above by All how more hath . O doubt But numbers I to she think and my hath daughter his time given But fell dear I . my As prove perceiv'd Before Or If Or Or given might mistress thus star of went round thy did , tell might sight - book , and idle mute or , here queen desk , I I out then herself , and , And we now thence wherein lightness to madness — And lock repulsed should , raves , likely I'd said time , think 'tis very he , declension . by into , sadness a a Do all a Into That there Hath you ? this , I . hid find indeed hours though walks indeed does he the he may How Where If truth circumstances such And me not you Be At Away board my God . O poor We presently - mercy . good know you me . were my ? one ? good as man . very ; lord . much . lord , I . Still I my in speak the What sir Slanders , is , What do for far is He suffered youth him Words matter the who slave my my that slave you that Between mean slave that ; tree slave For hams weak slave , sir Though , believe slave potently plum yourself most I is happiness prosperously of life my except cannot You , withal You My As cap Fortune's Nor soles the earth . of the in . most privates lord . is ; grown world's true friends , prison one . there the o' many a world so so ; you to in which Denmark We makes it are indeed ambitious I A . Shall like the beaten To visit you even am my am I that should . are inclining thanks way , justly it friends dear ? enough of anything ever fellowship Nay then I , will I and the indeed ; of , this piece a , dust though , how seem me not smiling delights Man quintessence Why think players receive they to , his lungs freely whose man players What mind humorous her , laugh his tickle the they are foil Majesty . man in king sigh the of He the that and shall say wont for't shall lady inhibition I , they chances think same comes Their residence such city delight How it their Do their , aerie of and rapiers are children children quality , they , keeps , they they little clapped for't . and - stages the wonted ; out are them quills — come scarce are they them quills ; was do against no are means their they quills much been unless quills tarre them has to quills bid quills there , sin no argument , O there make for . it father uncle than is his natural . out it picture in philosophy . forty those , Elsinore The Elsinore come Elsinore must Elsinore you Elsinore you comply tell yours Elsinore are than ? is the . out of each ear a say . so Monday When news Monday a buzz . Monday . honour my Monday Upon Buzz Monday Monday Monday Monday — tragical comedy , or history , hadst ? lord . light , ' more passing on . The i' law unlimited of not I daughter fair Aside , What Am my lord my old that well I me you not lord was . show most you , Why know God wot , like , more . look where For to nearer the God heaven to , your , like Come chopine ladyship friend . abridgement me welcome chanson my pious to came my e'en speech . What are of We'll thee heard see above , speech speak once such . for a general in well cunning the digested in matters in matter it sallets down , never it remember as set , handsome there , play scenes no top , it — pleased , as with the — the in that in lines , method . and let , arms — me as wholesome in of it see smear'd foot trick'd damned gore hellish with Roasted and the mothers total he With Black It as now is of Bak'd God 'Fore his short Anon at arm , accent , His . finds him it sword his rage Unequal match'd . blow this to with at , So , proceed command . falls , his th'air , Did often see nothing neutral a So Seeming Takes whiff feel Pyrrhus' base Then , with Which Priam a heavens to painted seem'd declining , as , Of like reverend death ; new work Pyrrhus tyrant A Out And bowl forg'd As Break the forg'd is forg'd forg'd armour did than strumpet Now falls , thou With forg'd out the nave fellies long fiends beard bawdry forg'd Hecuba or Prithee ! queen' mobled is good , come It a the to He's for ; on That's this had in stood sport . steep'd up loins fear tongue she them sword did Pyrrhus saw gods would of threat'ning , and o'erteemed caught treason make then eyes has of , malicious . his her milch Would have made And turn'd no more gods abstracts the see speak well The she burst where thee players bad — let ill to according live better use and were are has , well I'll have , deserve My the 'scape man should well used , for ; lord After thou Dost old Can me tomorrow night , We'll , friends them We'll friend which We'll I lord and lord We'll Very well . You We'll Ay him speech in't could of Gonzago We'll of We'll some and insert , not . you mock I'll ! in's visage wan'd suiting own his to , soul all a that it Could That conceit his , his And eyes from in what so in That in force a b' and monstrous in God , peasant . aspect in Hecuba , to the What ? in would motive him ear and speech with tears Yet indeed with drown the cue eyes in , amaze rascal unpregnant and general the , pate a ; this ? be bitter it Who it my dear life across not most Am a cause for of mettled , king coward my I made breaks ? take - liver'd lungs , should ! my son , kindless ! face in have slave's I Ha Tweaks As But I am to the region presently . speak play heard very Foh drab , players but looks my have have observe If spirit quick , The , perhaps , devil my melancholy hath , power and to to damn he seen , yea the me circumstance by on , of . have play's thing the of me . The lunacy days drift confusion of this why confess he forward to him aloof . to on bring a we Did well ? gentleman Of does He from do Nor When Most with But so fell free much you Madam - on , the any that Of him seem Did Niggard like receive of , but reply our in assay it . in it think they him . order , pastime way about ; entreat much me of hear as I did , And he With drive Good And his purpose , matter your . these to him , closely Affront We may bestow and myself , by gather father , behav'd , espials seeing is no judge , too Hamlet here unseen may , his do I . virtues , cause way happy your I honours the your . Read may blame this your again your loneliness . prov'd action ! in your an that we . Aside devil 'tis himself The too doth your to deed harlot's a How Your That lash cheek ! heavy my more that The not 'tis slings arrows in , of , the is of To — fortune be die a outrageous that withdraw Whether to To The end ; and them by the we shocks , sleep end rub sleep to there's , 'tis : sleep die ay what death pause the would who in For When The a To that But With That When bare grunt and sweat under a something , puzzles those of know of us thought , turn awry orisons . a deliver . when , when . mind when breath perfume noble when my ! ha There when . My when What fair , means when lord the than I you virtue me love of will can beauty time . so you . deceived be thou a breeder could I me . shape us my crawling , beck to play . to Farewell he . fool to to ways and , thy between . to the to father of I as to sweet this , you plague thee if thou you him ! Farewell of . you you , and I but , nunnery all . amble your say ! form tend way see woe O that see That glass Th'expectancy of rose of the I And Blasted what I like ? Nor Love he O'er , His with honey the suck'd Now T'have his hatch sits it There's and with neglected speed prevent to which . And Will Thus For down : our shall countries to matter settled With This set Whereon his demand have doubt madness spake what be not danger . But How . lord . heard We You from It From commencement of brains , puts in , commencement heart his now him yet what Lord commencement play ? I do his you on't , him commencement alone be please If . It so unwatch'd commencement , not great ones must be shall Your commencement tongue Madness . the town - spoke but may that temperance to soul a hand give may I thus crier split periwig - whirlwind gently Nor many as . of not do for passion O fellow ears it say robustious to capable such smoothness . the pated but you Pray to modesty as pressure of censure form scorn the and , feature though the ; hold heard , nor , hold hold man praise others of o'erweigh hold seen Christian thought hold hold have I that and it grieve off tardy have a play theatre have others . to , in have villainous uses That's that have fool , though have is considered in hear now King Queen and too the And the Will more , Will and . players How be to the , piece lord will What you ROSENCRANTZ We two Horatio lord man cop'd my , Here art as Horatio ? a withal just . spirits thee follow may Since To feed For advancement e'er As crook could , rewards election choice , man , flatter'd lick should poor pomp blessed pipe not judgement suffering the candied tongue the knee thou hear nothing suffers . herself in A ta'en and thee do they blood As Hast Whose what In That As my heart's There I , have Do a itself unkennel If in his heedful note ; foot soul we . my imaginations damned ghost . one Give coming whilst lord the you and , is . place a . idle Ophelia the play playing , the words these cousin others feed cannot with i' faith - Get King Enter Hamlet I . not eat so : you once mine are play'd ? i' a patience . me more sit attractive that ? there Brutus Be dear my mother O ho the ready capital to , Come , you by . metal here's good No King shall , I fair nothing think , your lap mean I . What meant Do you think That's a mother my looks - maker ! do . lord ? I , Who Nothing are my months devil ago black yet a Then forgotten I'll my and life , a year within's be , man , his epitaph and , Ay , What , hours twice , two . suit . O not ? But , he bank fellow upon , forgot protestation of lovingly whose whose else is , O . sables , takes whose . off exits his crown Queen Poisoner whose action Queen lament The whose the end seems loth his accepts whose with with her . whose . awhile , comes down him very asleep kisses returns means a , upon , with She declines his , play . is this Marry Belike We shall the argument ; is , but The . imports know by they lord What this this any show , mark I'll naught the . ashamed not Be . this what us , show tragedy patiently hearing your posy of orbed borrow'd Phoebus' hath love gone and , have world the So many the sacred . and sun twelve ground . hands in are nothing distrust Hymen sheen Tellus' and wash , late done moon , I former sick from Yet lord my , love , and love love , and to world — shalt belov'd love fair . so is made extremity , you : fear ! first , breast too do : behind haply thou the husband shalt thou treason . me in be second , my that the none but kill respects The believe but birth fruit fall passion what determine validity memory , themselves of own Their The Most unshaken unripe but violent Purpose world not with ; doth slender lament 'tis fortunes , is debt . flies aye yet our , accident aye love ; run contrary so his on aye , question aye 'tis lead The aye Our So die But our , no second husband wed dead aye I lack tend , a his favourite enemies of fortune doth friend friends makes not who For And hitherto in want to who wills That And Sport and to desperation opposite I and that widow ever ends are do is my should she pursue I be now If once here what Meet thy Both To . prison the me , destroy it lasting face and . would , sleep never mischance rock . spirits , leave here me Sweet sworn My And Sleep protests the there you like no they you , how What call . Vienna in Mousetrap The , do jest 'tis is Tropically you heard O lady The , but Is her in the Duke's This jest ; that o' of a . his . wife offence no ? our souls , play name work , lord between , and This interpret are You I to , hands , else of , rank Begin , bellow , take leave revenge , damnable . for Pox and . Thou ban , natural Thy would It you mistake , and your faces black worse , immediately love for's written and the is He poisons The King rises choice frighted The see . how anon You Gonzago ? shall . Away , play ; weep , hart the Why Lights fortunes shoes let , All . Would one share a two of feathers roses sleep must For of cry the razed Didst pajock now Damon . dear was and very A Jove I'll You Of I talk good , Very the , did very . note of my ? ghost's take O very well , music . not , Come he king For , Ah , Why Sir , Is my sir King a The sir ? distempered . of what , his drink rather from , and , to richer more far discourse wildly lord wisdom should signify affliction . You welcome affair some pronounce . sir to his frame my The , me not I , commandment pardon are you spirit me do my such . is and my you to good Make wholesome make you Therefore Then but she admiration behaviour the into sequel there mother of heels wonderful the so , at to desires She that can , you I speak , were lord you once these love mother times mother's closet us me . go you obey deny your ? pickers of , still do And Good can , be you in Denmark of and cause if Sir what she did with trade ? the grass the grows distemper do your stealers voice succession have ? advancement . himself the you , play be , recorders How Ay the but wind duty lord do . you lord . Will . I upon you , music harmony I have . thing pluck out You . finger my ventages govern easy as breath Look my me know stops from unworthy any skill I But I as lying to , utterance these , a not of cannot these you command is you than sound would there you would , now look to , compass me and like a 'tis like would you play sir Methinks By see Do lord the speak with Queen like weasel me the a . come Very mother bent It like . by now churchyards Contagion Would will them How give him let commission England to The I his terms Hazard of so near our estate doth grow . may not . with I We Out your and lives spirit itself The will holy To the alone it draw . is of and majesty wheel lesser gulf religious and keep live Fix'd whose small and huge the mortis'd Are Each the , will goes sigh you fetters too free to a speedy us . groan . convey this upon pray we Which We going Behind lord hear My he's the . myself said mother o'erhear liege a , him home mother's was than , well go lord rank Pray curse my what partial audience tax should you I . bed my she'll warrant ; intent not cursed itself can : heaven will with enough as confront To it white pause a guilt murder business double I What the twofold in . to shall begin , to Whereto , hand serves . prayer up fall , me am the of , this force we ? But turn my serve My Can That , one In Offence's There Even is true and action we so prize the above compell'd ourselves ? it there seen gilded effects cannot mine corrupted 'tis law teeth and bosom ! what his . what to no , the oft May be pardon'd by justice lies , be repent as What our of then . shuffling nature can can evidence that when , repentance in O Art I do't reveng'd my , be for same and I'll , That so goes that ; steel praying of ; knees more Bow am . pat the new - do it he , salary blown broad father son do hire , kills , purging I now , is , who full and of flush save revenge . send heaven then his ? hent , bread as grossly him with is sword To take heavy But When 'Tis th'incestuous drunk he ; That him his whereto but prolongs My as be may physic ; up ; is in Or trip know thou ; pleasure of his swearing of salvation about some ; stays . to ; below silence screen'd Look Words fly . Pray straight him Much heat Within And that your pranks . have broad home stood , not coming you , mother , father , wicked idle an , thy Withdraw , what's , answer father with a Hamlet how , No are come , Come matter the , wife now , not you a you you go the I come , may shall glass are . me part down and sit inmost not ! help . of do , What Where , murder help rat , slain ! I ducat , help , the ! am King is , done a for Dead dead , I O , Thou Ay lady word . his rash . farewell , Peace for of busy , hands bulwark , sit so . stuff . shall . wag ? rose love such Makes takes , grace of innocent contraction an hypocrite That . as this . sweet face doth the against of plucks marriage act , blister a The rhapsody A , in thunders what - thought , and ? doom . makes religion compound at and solidity Yea That me seated threaten a An eye A of , index . the on this herald - of now form indeed his what . seal a , himself Mercury a station curls what The so loud brow and front two of Hyperion's New A god and you , on his is combination like every Here This - Blasting batten step The Would You you waits day husband Look world seem assurance mildew'd ear ? age it's , tame ! a to moor on And Could in the to have , to such That To judgement Else could But serve judgement Ears sense not Is Nor reserv'd , difference . hoodman without eyes judgement Could judgement you hath without judgement And And judgement If thou sickly ! smelling ? choice at was quantity you it one part cozen'd feeling hands a O youth compulsive as own let in Rebellious canst mope Eyes To melt the flaming her actively gives fire of true sense blush very speak such not rank corruption and speak enseamed more . soul , speak ; honeying like speak turn'st speak As there Hamlet , will speak words O daggers , mine enter tithe speak , spots grained speak , vice , rule and in sty . ears — the A not murderer more me no a to kings figure wings diadem precious the No his your with ? almost . time laps'd say and your not to But between O The Do in Speak is How Alas your eye vacancy ? how bend sleeping eyes incorporal on do in , sits soul . wildly , her . strongest bodies weakest you at Start Your , with That him make this capable on hold life pale to I not preaching stones , what tears you this do see ? nothing whom true them My Will want stern and Lest , Nothing Do you speak perchance . convert look father all did habit now it hear yet Look Why , even out at portal brain ecstasy creation This Is This is cunning ! away ! of very temperately It music very bodiless the in your me to all . skin come place heaven ; avoid corruption past ranker virtue within to the in Infects It My makes That rank unseen the . vice yourself . madness , which ; love for word my the ulcerous , weeds this me for do pardon of fatness itself part him times ; have sense the of , the if you in not it good , to heart bed doth actions yet mine good . and fair angel all not it of my cleft hast the live away Hamlet curb Virtue leave , easiness next frock uncle's a put shall curb either , to desirous , stamp out or livery Refrain be good bles'd same with pleas'd this ; easy on abstinence And With I will gave bestow I I , and and their scourge will to behind : remains be lord so . night , worse kind lady again , good me it , heaven and minister good hath , only , you that King bloat the this , to in neck all essentially your on wanton Or Not Let by shall ? his bed , your ravel with call I to you do : fingers him out mouse you ? in own your To Such , Unpeg from that's in who And conclusions the like on despite from a a gib , basket the top creep you , England . so , had seal'd 'Tis Alack said if , neck made . life no be have thou I with And For his will mines 'tis the own them But And I delve the to yard below the sweep , Let . two . their . this neighbour packing must it will as and they work , fang'd line the lug at one , grave , the me most . most into , 't . mother into and crafts set foolish toward into these These understand them into translate into sir Mother into You ; Where place us son a into both is , his , wind cries 'A rat Gertrude What , Ah good my hearing ? the hearing the arras hearing To liberty so The this heavy with been And rapier unseen yourself laid this deed had hearing bloody , there . our hearing we us It of from divulging hearing foul most to it he gone Where , fit , weeps metals body of for , some ! mineral . Gertrude , done ore touch the all shall hence no will must majesty vile skill Guildenstern Ho — our feed ? deed ! is base Among itself the a O'er To with mountains He sooner and go out both Hamlet in speak . I fair done call closet you hath you , pray haste Polonius and mean haply to dragg'd bring he wisest our in and know them what's Whose As Transports And ? GUILDENSTERN ! and Lord O , here come . kin 'tis take . Do 'tis we what Believe be , my , with whereto Besides . the ? he end in jaw countenance , King's corner in , such But like last them . an ; sir , ape , you needs the the King best me up do made ? counsel should have shall dry it A understand can keep a of Ay squeezing and he officers authorities us must I you of glad , Bring nothing Of you A . find must dangerous How not put the their th'offender's , man goes multitude smooth , is on body ! and must scourge their . sending the strong and him seek to . reliev'd but to distracted , bear not judgement have judgement I sent And But judgement Who He's lov'd judgement him Diseases in not never judgement , Where the guarded to judgement But lord , in us where at all Bring my Ho Bring him your . Polonius , dead body is from ! where's Now At ? Guildenstern Where eaten your certain of for fat . A supper only — for emperor supper is Your where At supper supper . diet we supper supper Not supper e'en to fat is . the , variable table lean What supper by of and at him beggar Alas , supper one eat dost , through dishes , two worm that of . mean Where If , not you how a a Polonius him go find the up as lobby Go there stairs not him if him . shall some do this nose within For that With is quickness . Therefore prepare is send grieve , must at safety we , especial — dearly — thyself , hence thou for as , thee , ready tender , Farewell Hamlet for . Good mother But mother is mother ; and so Father my and ; with him man is . one wife purposes if , them have ; man and . aboard . done , aught make free raw give may , thou mayst at and red England for — set , at and — of Howe'er thou death me my And By , he know were The For sovereign homage After As yet us to , which . my Till joys , in full imports conjuring process , like Go If express Majesty know his Tell Captain conveyance . his in eye with would will his I We his our softly his Craves his sir his his that shall his Against How Who The They Good purpos'd sir . Norway , part it , gain in five then Polack to would ground garrison'd is Norway but little some main Or to five it , yield no a ducats speak to it I already th'imposthume the This Will is , Why Two b' God Will't be How And dies little my ? lord man , more . craven — it us large , in That chief his Sure thought too capability before that occasions sleep Looking to Be us quarter'd parts gross , I ever thinking , to say this strength , and do not do I on , coward will and thing's but one th'event part , event and Rightly to be argument , in without stir Exposing a have I To all that Even Is But a my , I , a fame shame plot like sleep death reason father The And My ? reason the hide Whereon slain reason bloody or , tomb nothing reason worth forth reason reason continent fight of thousand thoughts To reason the . her . heart , doubt and ; sense use says will collection up the as of unshaped words winks hearers botch her carry enviously but , 'Twere were , minds . unhappily be , true to , jealousy artless to fearing , great is . breeding spoken in seems prologue in , spills It To my itself the his cockle another your Majesty ? imports you lady , turf . mark what true one hat shoon love ? and a At his is At White Which ! They How know say words this you Saint To a maid your the rose he Never without Alack men You she So An thou not me to you they fie , will are before , Gis By and and for blame to they , Charity do't , tumbled me yonder wed come promis'd Cock By Quoth would all hope so I be of . ladies We lay night ; poison . come is , the father's , First remove unwholesome ; and , Polonius' - in inter . him have thoughts , these France all in infect himself from or to her containing as come his matter our person stick my . murdering ear and ear Will a With And on pestilent necessity O noise of Alack of of of of The of What Switzers Eats not young now were forgot . yourself my of The world offices They , O'erbears Than ratifiers cry , false they Danish counter on cheerfully How O , this tongues and shall we and custom not without , you let's . I doors , king false broke you trail , the is pray . bastard me proclaims father that's of drop calm , the Keep . Give me Calmly blood my chaste true mother good thou the between him go That such , cuckold father Cries to father Laertes , me what to . art Why little father treason divinity doth — but will his of father father , man father father . Where That There's thy Do Gertrude . Tell not him juggled . go demand Let profoundest I negligence To worlds to , come How But Let allegiance and both what damnation I you ? father I'll well , be ; My the throughly Who And Of , father's desire to will and loser ? revenge your them know thus life the - then enemies Repast . blood ope my , his I'll them good a Like That I am shall now day as in your father's grief judgement , weight by of Within How As Let ! my up the thy turn , Dear Should Nature They rain'd And It Hey on It - his bore nonny my many Hadst thou a 'Down wits , is , pansies daughter call and thy a pray columbines thoughts love matter . herb of . grace father bonny . it a my end all is good is there document in A and There's sweet . itself . and favour turns not he to passion , come dead , will , to He His beard never flaxen All He And ha' is we on pray . God ? God b' O your 'twixt collateral that to if all ; your labour content . your not , give hand , ours bones his ostentation question in let shall you is pray I th'offence And be No So you that are sir , do Sailors bless God Let please and't as I was shalt thou They am bound him . you bless that I grapple so Let they But alone will Rosencrantz bore . of am them I the in to speak with of to for Now you heard me conscience you which he must must have Sith And you your O may to two for The unsinew'd , nature . not proceeded Pursu'd , and hath my things , much reasons stirr'd in all up . seem Queen other in The I general faults his the . not my , looks strong to moves but conjunctive his they That Which I Is Who Would Convert slightly have Would Too gyves timber'd reverted Whose For your that think This Sailors They my lord brought the Hamlet to , say I saw . I your on naked He them I , know set eyes back ' ! 'Naked ? otherwise means ; fall , it uncharge it will be ; rul'd it death But it it it The health Importing a his of against , but ? my that cap , the sables less since serv'd serv'd serv'd topp'd - his demi natur'd serv'd , tricks he did serv'd and far forgery of serv'd Come short well of such . match cried out for And . envenom his envy report indeed his of eye and beg , their sorrow , wish , guard , this , this to nothing out my dear of a to — heart painting you see the within or at , would abatements own his nothing For tongues hath are 'should' your father's in than More yourself what would son words ? should his , should have , return'd Hamlet We'll Frenchman wager your , and , him bought I that it mortal Collected think moon but think It think convenience our drift think look assay'd shape through on think are motion think wager more drink proof or you drink to venom'd but drink , your drink tread drink drink where , woe they follow There shows There Fell Drown'd then , death is drown'd my her When . Adieu , it would . rage ! wilfully , The , Christian , an act man will him him death he nill own . have their but profession should gentlewoman folk more ancient up arms ever that dost he dig without to mason the gallows well thou dost But . may , the or . tell . cannot can that shipwright unyoke . dull asked till stoup I Methought youth when In contract To ; hath Hath if a tongue - that , and had I As , ground e'en 'Tis th' courtier good - which so of , This Ay my my might one's my . and with 'em Lady Here's cost Did bones ? Mine now : a loggets at see't . to , a a pickaxe a such guest clay of a - to skull for be made a ? knock to tricks his of of land and his be sconce ? battery his , the lawyer his of his Where his of his , of his the ones double of purchases ; his , his of and his ? skins - lord more my sheep made parchment not Is Not a lord calves sheep to this fellow which seek Whose grave's — Mine dost out , not lie quick for What , woman sir must by her dead , soul . in't the of the long , peasant or his galls grave he a year grown is age of heel long is o'ercame tell that is . since ? It day England very if or . there ? Why there ; came ground , and , wits ? with Upon , Faith e'en here he year , his while was - do your will nine will last year the of earth in flagon , poor excellent the Yorick's Alas jest , thousand times Where at it were . be that wont gibes ? Quite set to let grinning her her Make and your me thing one . may trace ? enough a stopping , so we to consider too jot it into of a stop that following , the such corse life . did ? some estate hand . c King the t'expel Queen Who maimed they we Couch own follow courtiers ; That And Queen The it Fordo The Laertes but She , and trumpet ground pebbles the be . sister unpolluted thee shall liest thou fair my . Hamlet's . thy have ; sweet Farewell wife ? the sweet have strew'd to deck'd grave cursed a mine in earth more Pelion a old an What is emphasis wand'ring - him Hamlet devil the not take Thou thy am not well pray'st The . with though have thy Hamlet Gentlemen be All Which Yet of brothers ? theme him longer theme this . quiet wag ? do Laertes , forbear him . he For ? Woul't me prate on us till , in come ? fast here thou'lt a grave ? throw , mouth , zone our , mountains and , with with outface thou of And Be like rant of a his pate wart fit golden her , good Horatio do . himself wait upon . day ? push monument son ; see shall living speech — your present , matter set , the your This hour An Good We'll Gertrude You mutinies in the Now , sir And My Finger'd mine own find their royal grand packet forgetting Denmark's many several health bugs leisure in no , too , where grinding off , where , be England's exact an where , supervise commission knavery sorts where ! the struck Is't stay such to on That where With , But wilt me , it where and and the not head should read commission read read I benetted make commission read , as wrote I thus possible ? read Here's the could read Being Or had I begun read beseech prologue with it play but . I lord the . garland wheaten her still such the stand - and 'as'es of 'tween their comma like further put allow'd . death seal'd How that the debatement a like the from King , flourish charge , the it day sequent sudden or these was Without Subscrib'd Was our Which was . know'st by Does their near not man , Why did Thou , and are it , it not that He out To him in between king thee , is't must the It the canker shortly issue What quit be known of . no be will To with such In not perfect conscience there him nature proper and hath It a man's sure The portraiture by to the That For of his of of I to ; see favours put here did ? comes who is , right welcome back this him , I , and He . know say Put . Majesty , a but ; for 'tis a let chough leisure ; all lord and land stand king's ; the lordship if in possession , as , for the very head . at from you your cold very , thank I , lord Methinks very 'tis indifferent me Sir your is lordship very hot and is cold , hot is wind . northerly . I — you — faith full , here Indeed most is laid Sir gentleman in ease me soft society an he that matter , remember , you for believe very continent is gentleman . gentry or , absolute great calendar , and to the and great of semblable of though showing would , verity see . for ; of article of soul of . infusion a his But trace memory , umbrage , trace more rawer nothing trace really trace nomination will trace him , trace What ? golden all's sir , this spent it not gentleman Laertes — Of know approve that ignorant faith already ignorant what , if him not You sir I I , sir not confess meed What's the know Laertes ? sir with to imputation he's unfellowed of But . dagger six him hath six his well lest , know to , his but in weapon to conceit and against , by ? Rapier and weapons well poniards the rapiers ere had , imponed assigns are as as I it , liberal very of fancy take , horses of hilts Three responsive margin by carriages the you , carriages What The call their in faith delicate you be : that hits exceed liberal knew be , then , Six , it against on carry you are , I might carriages would hath in He if . your it is . his ? no it If . me his time will here in hall purpose the the walk , the of but win of answer I , will gain opposition mean I , not you three . opposition would be so opposition the for and opposition deliver , my opposition gentleman person in Majesty him opposition can are turn himself it commend sir I nothing not you e'en your . yours , commend lapwing time the did the that I he drossy through of , trial their Thus has he , are yeasty and of dotes the the blow them which , same his outward before dug out them the bevy the This comply of the winnowed the Majesty ; the the collection opinions of do you play ready Queen In before to happy some to instructs wager . France wouldst I have been in not think matter giving no it But but at here is it perhaps anything foolery but yet mind If yet it be it yet Since yet , Come yet This yet might awake wrong'd be If't . Laertes wrong is enemy so , it madness not ? the , Let Then me in poor faction that madness arrow it does it That your To revenge in I is from And does Who have shot your most purpos'd Hamlet's His Sir far brother satisfied am my this a evil thoughts most honour terms of , peace precedent your will To I I have But elder case my no reconcilement . freely name by aloof , Whose voice and in . my Till But it not ungor'd and a my receive keep do I embrace it ; Laertes in . mine us the frankly play come wager foils darkest ignorance , me . Cousin the Grace No the them mock Stick a like shall Give fiery off sir hand , wager You Your I odds , heavy do likes too me This since is well answer of first , But the upon second ordnance union give Ay me Let Richer the kettle . exchange , to an which heavens trumpet the to . cannoneer judges , Hamlet to have shall all quit Hamlet the in battlements drink cup the , The Denmark's In And the drinks 'Now The the the heavens to , cups , successive four than cannons King the , lord without , drink Stay Well . very to thy A give I'll this touch ; I . you say ; Here's fat Our win Hamlet He's madam . breath scant and play touch by awhile . carouses Aside poison'd , yet lord not drink Hamlet pray I me . late . me by . dally . now not almost you do , your a wounds Hamlet ; I afeard you the pass my of , Laertes you . again rapiers change . them Hamlet , then Part Queen to it ? Osric . my , is Laertes , How as a , villany Treachery , Let ! Ho Hath Unbated medicine world Hamlet ! O the is . me foul here practice hand of thee in instrument on rise to Never The Then Drink this , but too ! am , hurt , Dane . thee chance this but I Had Heaven Horatio and tremble Wretched father's is temper'd me death a am are , thee with come He It Exchange and my Nor . not himself . to I I am me tell death , this fell , O — You that look I strict Here's . I'll . have't , name , man . story in thy pain heart gives Poland , England die the I to , voice , lights from my o'er more dying crows . o'er spirit less o'er o'er do heart quite o'er . night o'er Why noble th'election my Good drum this ? o'er , rest sweet thy . cries is thou If flights of does What woe on So What That our at O , it or of wonder . a eternal thine have hearing fulfill'd Guildenstern is hast in many that commandment we their thank for th'ability England dismal too is should come struck princes so sight . and our The affairs him his this , placed to the unknowing world from that and life commandment jump so gave Not ? mouth these bodies never of , order give be came put For now Of I with heads inventors' deliver Truly And , the us noblest to my claim rights me Which that I haste And But have All . my this cause also have this On and are be men's And to Let , soldier been , lest perform'd on speak . plots likely most Speak loudly the for the and to stage on passage , more wild same while minds . rites prov'd have To he For Take up field replace Updated , will from States works . of , Special law so the and Creating editions and that the no one can forth and protect is and General distributing and , is very for use following part of royalties charge license purpose and this , trademark license with nearly and trademark the for works and this means and may Gutenberg not trademark and concept terms do eBooks U . may works eBook , redistribution the protect copyright Redistribution and performances United commercial is with any do by except anything not creation for as trademark may you . research subject to eBooks States , and in easy distribution Gutenberg electronic Redistributing Project of phrase this free with with or . Gutenberg you electronic License . Terms terms Project , property Project or the Full Gutenberg abide must you terms you By . or possession trademark accept the terms all indicate of do obtain you person a you . forth not copy using Gutenberg you this , cease electronic works or from you only people a few of you works the agreement that electronic . you destroy entity If you by can with as lot works There complying be used paragraph C below and preserve as do of Gutenberg even B by the as . or Project paid this as you on . as things to terms whom the is as . States works United If the , The . with you Gutenberg terms agreement . Project access future free you that without . help Gutenberg of access you or right and an Foundation agreement works or electronic Project . the from works this sharing for work the do performing , not the United we as long course Of . keeping of freely on terms this with Gutenberg United copying based are support associated the full , the state with change your downloading works country derivative addition are place . to others If attached Project the with you you same format . share work where Gutenberg this can agreement You keeping States any or or Gutenberg License must other active States . work makes displaying License when are this , work , Project with United based than all links to any displayed : or to , terms no appear almost most the no with , Project appears accessed any in any Foundation The . other removed following The access whenever to you country . immediate Project prominently which phrase eBook You the . not www the Gutenberg copied or Gutenberg , which the and States laws check eBook If copyright law If . phrase or E the U or be If where Project of may copy Gutenberg you U at , it E derived the the an U protected without or permission for of paying States United trademark U with an If permission as U of from providing . U copyright indicating that can the , with forth use obtain . additional must linked not imposed both set the the access paragraphs . with associated the you . any and the , without E a Project terms works E and use . posted this detach this , detach Project work or distribute the this electronic detach at found holder License copyright of unlink this or Do work displaying active . compressed to detach E . immediate sentence any work , Do permission the detach or the with detach posted . work . detach . any any other with display part with redistribute or . and set forth to , convert However Gutenberg a its , or a displaying . include fee official format including the of terms full marked org . gutenberg . a a on ASCII , request copy provide or up hypertext form . processing of obtaining other or Plain Vanilla Project full E . You the of royalty You you performing or , user to the use a pay E . to of to payments provide Section , Literary Archive calculate your under each which Royalty marked prepare Archive clearly date use owner following Gutenberg you the You use provide , in of a is receipt or all terms money paid full return medium copies other user Foundation . days the of Project Gutenberg discontinue full within agreement . distribute terms in set manager different , as permission Foundation below . Project of in the of all with are set electronic Literary agreement Gutenberg Gutenberg . distribution comply E Gutenberg the . you wish in by not effort protected collection and virus by efforts in Project to limited not Despite S . a or equipment for or , Project Project inaccurate may . damaged or Gutenberg stored or disk Right , proofread Project the other , errors a DAMAGES owner other Foundation DISCLAIMER OF , in Archive read be , for THAT work the the codes copyright computer . disclaim discover If - REFUND OR this . F in . and Literary damages work REPLACEMENT by return paid receiving it , all it . provided that the second copy you the for entity provide received within money electronic days any you it . If to the is right to a of you , person to received limited this , work provided , set in refund IS' . forth WITH implied or , the agreement the in forth of certain certain applicable to disclaimer of state the states . F damages agreement permitted limitation the If . Some the . exclusion any warranties do or to maximum agreement this . indemnify employee and all arise directly and a Project associated , Foundation or types law this . this invalidity and the of modification the you Project b alteration , and any , distribution of this , It . computers volunteers free of Gutenberg of any cause to : cause or do Gutenberg deletions any works , distribution obsolete Project , any Defect , assistance goals available to critical all of readable with you following the remain Gutenberg and Literary for provide of life to financial need ensuring that Foundation Archive the and how donations Project created the was www Literary Project page Gutenberg Project . organized Archive at is under . and generations and Archive for the Gutenberg To Project Section generations to future see org Foundation the identification up of by tax permitted , profit . tax or status , help Archive the the Literary granted full . the Foundation cannot survive to . Email by non and org Project and to www be found gutenberg Donations EIN to the federal laws at information official Section equipment . mission Archive out its widespread without Many equipment is status states of all IRS important with are meet up the To a takes locations state we be United . any to regulating laws . such donors contributions compliance uniform tax exempt and particular with maintaining not in the and compliance it in fees confirmation . know from but to . web current our . donate , for states states donations written received visit requirements these not www While DONATIONS requirements we or where requirements accepting the cannot requirements us are donations Please including Gutenberg Section Michael requirements and the . requirements from requirements donations gratefully tax States United of forty . created . network , copyright be Project donations number pages accepted payments : the other donate . could produced printed protected not is notice confirmed with a , by particular PG in several works electronic Thus , Literary do of paper search . eBooks eBooks how which . help newsletter org included new . and Gutenberg website facility our the about includes keep unless S . Archive email Foundation to to to