. Barnardo the . live He to , hour carefully upon your . I much . Get quiet stirring sick thee at guard heart , 'Tis had thanks ? there . Stand , ground Who ! night liegemen good to Give good you - Barnardo , O , has And farewell , this thing . Horatio , Barnardo What have has says this seen of , seen , A what is Horatio there Marcellus . nothing fantasy let watch Welcome That may He Touching Horatio , our belief . to this take have this appear speak Therefore approve yond Last night sit once ears story , down all , off burns beating Marcellus that westward that's then of from course let same Peace In Where Had When And nights now speak , Horatio it the like . pole the . again comes one t'illume it figure and break ? Look the it , it thee , same art like . scholar wonder . Horatio not it like the King with and . be me What It thou art In Did How Horatio You something pale . speak speak ! I stalks it ! will not this ! more you own eyes true this ? he armour thyself very once 'Tis th'ambitious , Polacks to like not and the art . an had ice the combated angry on on : Norway in was Such sledded hath he gone at this dead hour , opinion ; watch cannon brazen land last Our ; so I can now goes but , by Fortinbras labourer - this with me : haste the inform , you whisper image of combat the this with his Well forfeit Against gaged he Did Did For slay Was seiz'd by ratified Fortinbras life law ; stood the To been Hamlet a stomach a Shark'd hath doth well . appear our of watch and land head e'en so portentous but in take chief it , be sort mote the it graves ere and little The Disasters Did As A even Was But Unto behold hast thou it , our to me and avoid , to fate in womb spirits it say . Stay in hast O happily which , you life walk speak , Stop Shall it , and stand ! here it partisan it not ! 'Tis 'Tis ! being , 'Tis gone , do majestical so invulnerable , herein or guilty . heard . trumpet - I sounding warning . truth probation cock . sea Th'extravagant This To the Awake then fairy takes are that say faded present on 'gainst singeth nor have Where do't , our we dumb us Let Do This spirit impart of , we for us Hamlet Break ; Unto pray green in fought discretion sorrow with we contracted in , Together so and that and our befitted kingdom , him on think far That our Have With memory be Cornelius of yet Th'imperial To hath to , 'twere , weighing and dirge defeated our , eye this of warlike state , herein have have and one delight marriage in barr'd ; scale equal Your Lost our and brother , to dream pester of with for surrender with the his most for Now To To For You Out his Cornelius full further of and his good bearers business and your dilated these all things and articles personal than CORNELIUS speak some Laertes , told voice cannot it nothing : heartily commend further old the ? Laertes ? heart asking Laertes , thou what's , us not lose And And . of , news offer you not offer , offer , Dane the to reason . What wouldst to offer offer more of From show leave To my offer again your duty and says ; offer toward , and leave ? to bend favour bend must duty coronation leave now them bend you willingly though I By laboursome I give bend spend leave hard at slow my me from him seal'd bend wishes your , beseech it and and — bend . than more it How bend wrung petition will my , do his at thy my i' much . less thine lids dust . for Seek Good Thou Ay Why seems Passing common noble like , too off Denmark , to , all for , madam , I the a visage eye in the breath forc'd black solemn cloak , not ; of of river good mother , Nor customary fruitful the dejected all denote No Nor the trappings me seem ; grief , the ; might your ; show passeth suits to the father of woe persevere , to be we whose , absurd against simple unfortified we most will most know any As A ? 'tis our in heart Take A To the fathers ' so . first corse he and woe to note earth to fault a the most dead As Is 'This of This of unprevailing be immediate dearest school nobility , We for less in intent , grace come reply fair of ; accord , whereof Hamlet , go best obey a all loving ourself stay lose not and my Denmark heart us ; that my and to earthly too O great gentle in Be Why the the that But this Or , that me weary and - And Re canon But Hyperion Possess months not roughly of , yet appetite would earth a , hang name thy my poor father's were shoes body — those she Why of old married — and and Than mourn'd God O and Like With ! have and Niobe A all think fed if As and Let A and I left Ere father's yet my break It With , such But married . not is She And Sir change , make am But what glad I very good lord Good you good — you faith disposition , say ; that ear of know drink affair deep to see your see me to , it ! the The funeral dearest forth I that lord ? Horatio , was for all he upon I look not I lord My was I With an Two In let these hear . pie march , had , eyes walk'd had - cap with had the your to they had , both This , distill'd had . true time of act length and by , figure , encounter'd had had Armed Appears Stand In their slow and stately truncheon's not to deliver'd I more made kept and the they night third the dreadful with , hands comes , had and , The of I And Where the are . they My But at And even the And my it 'Tis , live do As I Indeed Arm'd , do From ? not to toe he lord countenance My lord top , What O yes saw my Pale more sorrow , And would Most eyes upon . again tonight silver'd it ? gape . well ye tongue tonight this pray . in hitherto tenable , you . eleven , person you sight have hold assume you will fare and to the requite as honour farewell ; no . arms : foul loves Our , it And Your father's , deeds night All some duty your them the well sister is But convoy , necessaries are embark'd Though doubt My then I And And , as Do let Hamlet A Hold , The For And virtue The His will his is , soil as . so but it service . withal inward No crescent and no For Carve He may And his and and voice sanctity the head your fits for himself ; for in wisdom ; act so loss you ear , or . importunity your honour list his chaste may heart too your the To yielding says believe and is further . withal no open sister . youth spring , fear in lies none brother . near keep , do heaven . to way and path the Himself And recks primrose like the watchman Show long O blessing A stay too Whilst me Do not his upon is of thorny pastors reckless own . sail , shame . of shoulder you And thou here The are Look thou Be do them Grapple But unto , thy , hatch'd a th'opposed , but purse but beware ear fancy in apparel France most oft a loses in select dulls not the borrowing to as follow : the own be husbandry chief lender . true . man . that be ; friend and the . you tend lord my servants your , go well said to lock'd to on bounteous you and free 'tis I so tell must so most ; the hath . yourself — been time me , well caution , lord of me , Marry told 'Tis private your If Have What Of my Pooh ! you Do Marry That Which Or Ay And Than Believe so Set And a Be your to he is Lord For . tether him a be believe his dye which their of for In may he , they . terms any this to't As I Look bites shrewdly air . cold an it now it No think is not spirit it the air a hour ? I The Wherein heard it drains King held It tonight mean does , this wake and The , to And And More Makes us This honour'd heavy in the mind to clepe our Soil us They From for That their Since their plausive say Nature's else From man man Be man man man thee Be man Thou speak not burst man cerements bones in Dane . wicked thee royal wicked father , Let wicked wicked wicked wicked That To waves But , by will Why what my what life not be at a the lord , my , forth toward the summit flood of I'll . again you o'er assume into puts , of into toys Think ? your madness more so hears I'll waves follow . still roar , shall you shall not . hands your off ; My each the . Unhand me in artery petty Nemean call'd ! with , on Go To what the will let's him it direct Mark me . I'll , Speak ? hour sulph'rous and up myself come tormenting almost is render but , I shall thy unfold poor what I What ? thou , certain am thy crimes done away . But my fast to confin'd secrets a tale soul like hair combined to locks from to freeze ; stars particular and blood ever God father , dear blazon . List thy O foul in Murder foul , or to revenge my thoughts I that sweep I find in this , sleeping Now the , Lethe than be on ease in that me a but wears his crown thou thy know , sting did my incestuous wit gifts , that with adulterate uncle , his and ! what whose a in marriage hand even of was seeming love her to in a shape celestial radiant it as a it on And methinks secure hour on hebenon in on uncle within Sleeping the on always cursed leperous on an alleys and on it of courses blood it , with quicksilver sudden like instant wholesome , smooth , a . body and bark'd vile . tetter with my , imperfections on my to unanel'd blossoms sent , disappointed but my nature O for thou luxury nor let leave damned this of bed royal mind thorns her pale . uneffectual thee to Fare shows sinews , not earth fie ! O , O ? stiffly from distracted the all all forms observation fond copied , my of . table away , and book matter , is damned , woman of Yes volume . pernicious Meet , sure you . sworn't , Now be may it , I HORATIO My . Lord Hamlet . my , So ho , ho ! be , lord lord noble my news lord it tell ! wonderful , I lord . by lord would you'll heaven dwelling lord . my secret , and , tell i' . this us ; without business that hath and for my and shall shake and desire man you — wild offend , heartily , words whirling they Patrick . that Touching there but may to one ? request now And poor scholars , what , we swear't not . have you MARCELLUS , in , lord lord Upon sworn my , lord my upon under hear this to swear . in ? Art fellow the of by Swear . you sword this Beneath ? Then hither hands this that you sword my upon gentlemen we'll again , of Beneath more remove i' . Swear . Once , your heaven and give a stranger in , of odd perchance an antic times or seeing me I disposition , pronouncing ambiguous giving me : most — be out could 'We or ; of your mercy Beneath your spirit . commend your . your Swear . perturbed your so his your joint your . O lips us Let and love . lack fingers was of come let's money will , wisely . lord notes these visit Of , I said intend it behaviour first , what at and son , of come ; means what my particular 'twere know — well , my this and mark father distant his you do very but he ; so I ; marry take , ' there he's and , ' ' mean ' such him ' companions , lord ' my ' and and gaming drinking ' that ' dishonour may You you is put : seem the outbreak of taints his of to open breathe but my you do — good lord assault good good should lord , sir is good sullies a my fetch good would I good a these in seen good of in guilty , prenominate you , him , with so ; my lord . or phrase country and man good What sir the consequence about something I was say to in so the thus , and such know t'other or ay : with yesterday such out enter or , this wisdom carp : forth a tennis' such we , my You I , and me directions lecture find former lord Good my . fare you his shall him ply his lord my , Well , Farewell . Ophelia in of name have the I with his , down so piteous knocking to his gyved - a horrors had ? love for What the the length thus of held and he other to draw a so to up piteous of shaking Long little head seem a sigh . his find he his bended light without his over last the violent will property passion desperate under of ecstasy fordoes very as our given lord ; his to me letters and you repel hath that . thee . proper beshrew But heed him is is Come hate than to kept we the for , which hide long did to and Rosencrantz dear have transformation th'exterior was that , it I so the ; father's from dream of neighbour'd your so by here youth brought days his young time from on , lies our afflicts you occasion us he so adheres and . profit us and . with If . much time . Both sovereign pleasures . more you . majesties . dread Than We ourselves service commanded freely the obey , in both Rosencrantz Guildenstern you Go instantly gentle gentle beseech these our and helpful . him presence to and presence presence Ay Norway joyfully presence return'd good . my presence presence Are been , presence to I hold , Assure you Assure duty God , the cause Assure do Assure that — Hamlet's do Assure of Assure the them , and fruit that to fruit fruit my fruit source our and no but fruit o'erhasty your fruit all death is , fruit , what from fruit our good my , levies preparation Highness , the he to which , look'd your sickness which from Norway his uncle against never and , he before Norway commission before , the those further in crowns to dominions regards are down well and this for safety of therein and think at welcome night home . we'll - this well upon your Most business and be , night to , what ended , well is should , to the . for nothing to define outward son the noble and limbs Your ; But to let use : no less with , I , 'tis , the the cause of of And . will I him , out , duty Now , gather , whilst obedience have and . but hear shall you this from sun are stars fire will I ; awhile thou that truth never best , most whilst best . love I numbers these lady above to ear means his hath by , given hath you do faithful and me of man so seen it told , your desk queen here what tell love , must hot me the a mistress ? No out then , of did went I with I love a . ' lock messengers , short then tale of receive fruits took sadness madness lightness 'tis this . he for , wherein now wail we all may a positively said prov'd otherwise ''Tis I'd very it Not this me know this I , hid Within we walks further . centre the try sometimes Here in my . indeed he I'll and from . no a farm and a fall'n carters for he reason I behind If not be keep We the poor it try will I him my good , O . presently does , you . are You a , me know well Not Honest , my so you , of very my thousand , ten maggots Have have , my daughter a you Still I sun Aside Still I I was Still Still Still . said my Still him Words the Still , matter , Still words , matter satirical slave you that the faces All hold and old go backward I as sir which , not it be walk out Into my grave air the of o' of means will most humbly between meeting be I take life you old my my except God . save Hamlet Lord the My most lord dear lord honoured My . indifferent we are not of children lads that cap the my , lord her of soles her waist Faith O most news , privates her , your , my good is not that but you But that Prison Denmark's prison my , Then there being not so th' , many o' one think you it so it one ; me To . makes bounded were are the shadow for ; that not it dream but a shadow and so we ROSENCRANTZ We'll wait upon , and , of lord , my thanks , come say purpose , the to , your thanks even You which King colour confession But . conjure for or , by teach end youth with no eye love be and What you . were you to I . moult goes seems , the the and ; I why me you foul , how how , apprehension and piece form , paragon by lord My quintessence , angel in , of your was , you if receive players think there you coming knight , gratis sigh the ; that the , my lord , from be shall laugh . were the not plays king the mind take profit those shall shall for't to ? was estimation same hold chances travel indeed comes the they ? clapped afraid are of the , for't so Who no they if , pursue rapiers berattle most , tyrannically goose grow against them tarre there themselves like the themselves quality ? should are poet themselves themselves bid has themselves much to controversy been themselves the they that themselves argument boys ; at mouths make , is Ay , while apiece more of , out this out out to fashion - out north welcome out welcome is extent more out , from a Well see you Guildenstern - In north . When handsaw gentlemen . an . indeed it clouts each a they . come to , tell twice to them of : for a a the Monday news was an Roscius you When lord . 'twas my , his — comedy historical poem , for the ! men ? Jephthah old . follows , It came to then by and the of pious pass , as show you it was , comes my ladyship chopine a is in friend nearer to than my well look see thee where when voice your is valanc'd , a Masters face glad to Thy fly us ? Come a lord it — down with in phrase no in wholesome indite modesty make as excellent to others and , it , I remember in scenes cried was top of might the , One method honest tale this at begin It memory especially now dread Hath When Black of , nor much , but called it an If , arms sable ominous horridly a , trick'd and night Pyrrhus — and with resemble , and and and and , wide strikes gore coagulate , you spoken his short too Rebellious , my Th'unnerved at Seeming Stoops Of blow silence A But a blow like Takes blow The As Doth blow blow Aroused On blow And did , him so ; proof eterne sword you All ; down Prithee he down sleeps say down on down . down down or ? 'Mobled mobled queen' is the head , steep'd up — limbs — heaven of all at eyes . no colour his you players the were report better abstracts have while are you , man whipping much Use the ? to man desert his and Take honour . play hear Can my could would which You I you , night . me or Very well Ay lord You My are lord my ye wi' and peasant that this dream to all of distraction his visage his here own player slave am am conceit passion a so working soul ? or ? What cue horrid whole aspect function in's all to stage speech with he do , Hecuba for would tears , free the drown would ear , No . Am most and . nothing and , Like And damn'd Upon Who Ha take A Tweaks take take As me take deep 'Swounds to I pigeon take have fatted Oh , take slave's oppression offal treacherous . lecherous , is very a unpack cursing whore by , the creatures sitting cunning soul that . have struck They Have For I'll tent know May of a my pleasing T'assume the catch I'll With turbulent he by Get do find he he He But his bring a with But When o'er We Most assay him any reply . him play told play joy , play already entreat the him play my hear beseech'd play To he see play and hear , gentlemen To And Gertrude shall We Sweet we he , as father and ourselves him their myself of th'affliction by That That And Of Will Hamlet's bestow walk loneliness too 'Tis — a lash — cheek — more to O — burden my 'tis sugar an that exercise — action too doth , deed — be is the suffer lord that of outrageous mind to question : my . word most , time . of of delay of , of bear , of , of , have ? thought moment , awry you now orisons day Nymph well , Nymph Nymph deliver Nymph Nymph did compos'd Nymph lost mind not . not unkind not ? not not not discourse lord should lord ? lord lord than lord honesty lord beauty from gives time . inoculate things sinners a deceived me I breeder me at them . shape my beck , us Go time proud , do home , such , ambitious put in We in , should . What shut , go thee help him O upon , snow well know men nunnery make your you of nickname God's too , this Or and heavenly ; farewell . give as enough , powers hath married made are noble the more and yourselves more a , all fashion the observers of that and soldier's of The Th'observ'd I what Blasted seen unmatch'd ecstasy have seen feature of blown woe see is , England in shall expel heart matter puts , his beating , countries determination speed tribute objects himself . settled seas variable of origin do It neglected us tell fashion Sprung it his Let To fit what . and well But What brains still . commencement of Lord I all hold it alone after be confine think be To I'll And if be . But - crier and , hand your that the - smoothness periwig of for do pronounced as all . Nor . as I whirlwind but ears fellow of whipped . for it Termagant shows who , offends me to . and passion . discretion action own the , tutor this with your special It nature age or the and mirror for anything the cannot . the and , o'erstep let playing own 'twere modesty to . avoid you Pray allowance — this overdone , in highly of that one as the up your there Christians , the I to nor bellowed not and them us , abominably men of some Nature's journeymen indifferently your there of have , praise man had strutted and . set down altogether than , profanely , that theatre of nor , themselves though the in in too have they And imitated those necessary And laugh the ROSENCRANTZ will , Here , sweet What , lord e'er dear , at your ! my O Nay , advancement ? what That feed To lord . as just my may the follow should hast mistress . hinges do For and That blood and what passion's slave ay core that they dear may pregnant soul of fawning of rewards blessed that thou hast been finger - are those man , this . circumstance King will for please , in I Give . death comes , speech as ; have itself the unkennel ghost imaginations comes note ; comes face comes playing , comes his will we after And comes Do is a If he In censure my pay I others ? air so , once play'd , words lord ? good . are not actor you accounted ? say and , was . Be capital a calf killed Brutus a enact did I a part Caesar I . lord him ready players to stay metal here's my hither , the King , shall . I ho O To I mean my No my lord upon , think fair I to , my matters . legs maids' between lord ? man . my and . lord . yet suit Then But year a . suffer not O He and a him he fellow for , ' Queen half embracing takes . upon lovingly leaves , asleep a and , and King She Enter She , his . off takes exits , Poisoner lament seems end accepts She . her gifts the means is show this We Will any are You Is About the And thirty love . Phoebus' ground , round sheen orbed cart Tellus' twelve Hymen did borrow'd bands sacred and love ere the journeys count , Yet and , siz'd is proof holds made is . you are grows so fear know , there love , great doubts fear my hath , littlest kind breast ! move . me kill kill dead kill . bed . speak kill kill kill , forget we ourselves is they unripe determine necessary unshaken ourselves Most fruit to that birth violent fall like ourselves ending of , violence enactures , is our world even Grief That For This great Whether The The poor man who And And needs want Directly end ours fates seasons not But Our and me food , be hope and , and here anchor's Each what , Both Meet Ophelia So think thoughts to opposite An once a If ever . grow , spirits sworn To The , never And , Sleep mischance , twain . us , would awhile here fain rock , Madam thy brain come you , how lady O there no . in do how , done murder The Mousetrap shall and jade wince free the Is call no offence in't i' jest call ? call Duke's it to the lord call unwrung . the call the knavish call and is call , I could You keen my dallying a You are between I love lord groaning , if my off are you keen . thy edge , worse , doth and leave revenge Pox . raven the begin your , Thou With Thoughts mixture hands apt thrice and rank Confederate season blasted thrice magic choice dire property immediately His choice How Give o'er , frighted lord choice ? wife ? choice anon see . choice . false with The Away . choice , play me , deer must light some , some For this sir , Jove A very , have — reigns dear , pound word rhymed perceive the ? here I O now . Didst . poisoning . recorders my , ghost's . king belike if Why King vouchsafe Come sir Ay For ! then retirement , marvellous what history word , Sir Good my a of The , his With drink Is should for , I Queen , doctor my to wisdom No Your The your in most , my lord good please ; to a diseased rather My But , you as . or ; command to struck . that , at of : says no make can Make shall but my , What more desires obey this to hath mother's her this admiration so can this And We She this shall wonderful this this lord your , this you did ? your griefs love and advancement the by My so , Ay the with you me a into , toil why . musty unmannerly do . pipe . cannot I . O I do 'Tis music eloquent I I no as give , as easy cannot But these you thumb I , would look , my , Queen speak sir presently . indeed weasel . camel . almost in like like is I bent my to will say by a . will I now and the so . top , business said mother is yawn world . very 'Tis tongue words seals somever soul daggers , this ; unnatural firm hypocrites but in give let To I in in him like in How in My To in in And To keep those of Majesty , dispatch hourly with you endure it many ourselves provide safe , more rest majesty draw wheel . is alone , things it when the the whose mortis'd Each small keep the strength many alone lives from whose . it with huge Did Arm you We will GUILDENSTERN . voyage this upon free goes footed this to , put fetters I us he's process said , arras going tax it mother , heaven , will , smells I my to go them makes nature Since vantage tell Thanks the brother's offence stronger And like in not Were My neglect than there pause To both I Is fault in confront itself brother's What enough Whereto serves mercy — prayer . fall foul still I ? be effects That My serve cannot May In past . But my form heavens blood visage in twofold to my th'offence prize wicked shove of this justice murder come Then ? ere the snow ? murder I'll this of force possess'd of forehead and teeth to true There To what in give Even Try repentance it ! law the seen is his In nature wretched O Art O state , what Yet limed soft soul ! knees more of be Help , angels heart well : would goes now so And reveng'd is son this my his To heaven I now I kills sole villain A so , do my blown purging crimes And O all , father And . He And audit stands how But 'Tis To take in And know in he sword gaming physic may ; about some And . and mother below advances . My And my , be to and never kick salvation at black act . remain heaven thoughts fly This whereto heels days stays heaven , damn'd as it prolongs sickly to him lay me e'en with , stood home between broad to . I'll screen'd . rises not . and Grace And Pray you . Look you pranks heat mother matter , bear silence . him and that Within . you I'll have Come , Mother , father you Why What's the you forgot now me how No go , Have , by the You , then Nay Come , your You you not . speak glass . you shall that , down not it are Queen those you till of wife , see may , Draws help murder . help help not come for a ducat dead , do What O Behind How , ho ! I Dead Nay , A As Ay . Polonius kill bloody thee king and bad bloody know I took . Is mother thy sit so my . so , not it bulwark , down danger sense I Take , for let If damned is , for , fool intruding find'st wringing That there innocent rose , shall you Peace . made proof grace , an love off marriage deed dar'st braz'd . and have against rude against thy wag noise virtue fair dicers' body plucks makes doth at thunders what , me Ay As As solidity , Look presentment picture , index a The With - this counterfeit so tristful loud , and curls like like the Mercury , the . doom act , eye That roars and the station A every give Here Blasting this . what seal : and of upon An See what Mars seem brother fair is was , a world the your his moor Ha ! have to eyes follows , his hill . indeed combination A Where Could on call Is Nor it apoplex'd waits , step Else , this ; and , upon you To But from not to wholesome this , it husband , leave ; tame not , err have judgement it's , have to hands a part is thy humble you age choice thrall'd , blush sans madness a cozen'd feeling or O mutine youth compulsive as itself her canst in thus of , virtue let without That When flaming thou I and my no speak spots , bones matron's be burn an tinct very of but eyes turn'st Stew'd corruption O the in O mine Thou In honeying sty enter to the These more no nasty and enseamed mine in me , Hamlet , stole ! shreds precious rule the and would your gracious figure patches with ! hover me , mad Alas you come guards A What , time passion to your wings ? by go , chide , and whet but But O step Speak her her you is't your air bend how soldiers . O sleeping cool heat and like your alarm hold wildly vacancy , discourse on it with , do in in end how the life flame . action you look convert upon stones glares distemper you thy of do you preaching pale not piteous . with Lest make Would On on him cause and capable effects true My at yet ? there that see . hear ! nothing but away ! the at . madness , place , speaks soul grace , madness the word Bring music ; love your of which keep ; pursy this is to all weeds fatness of must on these curb For itself And Would not that will That but trespass Whilst unseen . what pardon him beg heaven ; to come me in it half not eat , woo the not vice throw live . the thou hast go use likewise put a Refrain . a kind livery of the The next lend change curb And That Assume O , who not , if angel gives is the to monster evil He Good virtue is fair and or easiness , you next of frock more nature easy ; Once hath and this it , bad death will I with bestow That punish ; when the desirous . scourge , this answer well . same me good be will , good I to do . bid , you bed reechy you his ravel neck call mad Make in That . but that's , begins word this Let wanton to am not this with your for a all , your you on him the King cheek essentially on ? like in own I , break birds Unpeg the And be neck words have said to know life of assur'd basket in dear the Be thou And , must Whom I breath knavery knavery I There's They knavery I Hoist And knavery with at will to mandate the , they must knavery their . me set secret , neighbour most , man in knavery , was now Is sir Mother and , the line still most night There's , counsellor heaves . Where Bestow must matter translate us a ? your this my what while tonight ! seen Hamlet does Behind , lord These understand ? 'A little I when his stir , ' man In How and mightier brainish a , lawless both rat cries the Ah the And his It had been so will laid young , how But , this not disease fit love out be all there . providence whose was a of . man the divulging foul most was and , so what life have Should Even liberty yourself keep the draw a very it understand he , for feed it let much deed , answer'd haunt Among O'er on itself Shows will sun Gertrude sooner like mad To whom apart pith his mineral shall ship and . the away , he of body and majesty join — and skill Guildenstern , bring touch vile with hence He And from Hamlet both must pure Friends him come this madness mother's closet aid : call , Come go hath he him the this to do . slander name ! Polonius haste so O and may shot done both I him his out , speak what , Gertrude Whose level the . Within soul As woundless air and . Hamlet stowed our , dead noise done , 'tis we that dust What Lord ! Hamlet What where whereto take thence . with , lord the it kin , of ; such , in up a my but he his ? it mine by ? be and should replication what — counsel , son Besides own not what Believe countenance gleaned you you it of am glad I lord last squeezing us understand not the — is the is where A like I and needs sponge my sleeps and with the us not Hide . him Bring King . body and after . him multitude me sent dangerous He's How put the distracted strong man find body weigh'd , loose thing judgement th'offender's , him never to , To Diseases : the all him so lov'd not must And now all are that bear Or hath befall'n , bestow'd him ? is body my lord even from know your reliev'd seem , pleasure guarded . in . get What ? dead We Bring , Now , certain . but ? At worm where . is supper Hamlet we us Your , Guildenstern him before us ! Ho the man may fish with creatures eats but lean to him he , your all politic worms are e'en at end service fat and , fat to but that hath eat thou that What hath him within seek you may not find not you . lobby will till come . prepare Which this month , For Hamlet and and knew'st purposes England for and , Hamlet everything bent help , is For and tend ? Farewell . and come our . thou and Ay , mother man , Come him with . I'll Tempt loving mother speed and make done tonight hence you Pray seal'd is my on for not it Away else everything thou may looks Follow . and and him hold'st and which , Hamlet my blood . thou thy at sword cicatrice give it effect mayst not Do . 'tis he Till in me cure of that , ne'er greet , that his by license Danish , king . march rendezvous us ; let Majesty We his that his my him our duty know his in ? sir . Fortinbras sir , Norway Or the against Who to go We pay five ducats rate in Goes . fee it defend Pole sold , would or be it . already Polack Why Yes the , Two Will That the Why go thank no shows humbly I , it thousand not b' This I'll be Sure but to If with my ? before man time beast such us be , scruple on . gave A godlike th'event discourse reason not feed or some after capability precisely too oblivion us quarter'd unus'd coward say will , hath this and parts , as earth exhort prince ambition and invisible event strength , death the of a , delicate spirit that But honour's at greatly Makes Exposing an find . a kill'd father quarrel to all by , cause at do't this not When Go Whereon their , to cannot , the forth , plot see , men thousand of try and worth time . nothing fame cause fight enough tomb or bloody numbers like ? not . slain thoughts I mood She not from be this her . own they collection words make conjectures - breeding , nothing her and Her fit nods there , with yet much spoken sure nothing Though would winks good 'Twere To Each So spills itself is beauteous Majesty ? know love Ophelia Denmark I true shoon and , mark , gone . a , green the lord not ; mountain Alas , pretty lady go snow baker's daughter be your you what . a was . Lord they this say father ask , day : but when , betime ; this means Let I he And the the and a And no have dupp'd maid , your chamber more door his , an on't out a maid Charity come ! sun yonder , bed , cannot counsel . ground brother , my , good But I me my springs ; I . good My choose shall coach it night th' your good thank , good Divided In the - and his Without Of hugger Polonius' death mugger herself as which much come as or her to and Her Last And wants to wonder Thick For in your , Feeds brother on and ear With Will In Like Wherein Where nothing , speeches necessity pestilent our dear Gertrude . is door . lord my overpeering is them ? Let What ? matter of a but to him known applaud Laertes of every lord , now call not ! king the doors on , ratifiers the world and shall be tongues is , is No let's , are O this you they dogs cry trail , leave . vile give . will father Laertes calm , Give we I That that's my blood of Even thy Let Acts art thus incens'd thou little That not But How , allegiance Let . stand , with blackest I negligence pit fill his demand him I'll Vows comes worlds the damnation to . grace both come Let came for To and Conscience dare hell for the profoundest point ? for . stay what for Who , all for throughly the for know is't for then arms ; I'll life good child Why a of true for , it ? wide now and come most am his heat O , the noise . virtue of the our Burn , up turn maid scale out dry my and O paid sense kind possible a seven rose by May ? weight of Ophelia , sweet man's life maid's of itself ! eye , that shall , where and on bier . non bore After They him loves instance nonny tear , is't It is O Should a becomes it ! matter steward the daughter false . more him move - that stole O . not , his thy you call didst persuade revenge , ' nothing's , that's And ; you would Sundays rue grace for They you give say . you here's he must and some I O joy . itself snow ye . death , death ? death wi' death death death , will friends , see must me judge grief , apart but you me , call . and hand kingdom our will we life jointly this obscure it content And To you To crown find us by direct , satisfaction lend due with your . be ; o'er ostentation to — bones , earth . heaven from me go fall go axe go let the great . letters go for with speak go go . Hamlet world . if Lord . if is be sir . name if give Ere him for warlike we if England . this letters overlooked know if put the on if . these we were gave if for you , very sail of of pirate . their thou alone King they knew they did instant they compelled appointment us . I . are yet good thee thou wouldst ; course their fellows death have ; They I sent for . friend ear , for your my And Sith proceeded so wisdom , But safety were and O you , two stirr'd in nature else , unsinew'd , much Queen myself which and — soul , mother strong ; not by but the conjunctive to my The his , bear not I or star public dipping to a Why I Is Convert slightly timber'd all love reverted to . arrows , my him other either for and , moves general gender that them wind a so ; for I go father stone , in loud their wood to graces to Would And where gyves had lost , must flat shortly I I think we Break perfections . But You stuff may all . that made your not That Stood we are . father How This Majesty ! Queen them saw ? them them the Hamlet from this ; to ; Claudio that From your my Sailors given They asking should Or it mean abuse ? you the . he advise me postscript Can you Hamlet's a character lord very my live it and tell ' , come him ? so lord ; me by not o'errule ? him , choose not shall it his an No As To for his mother he exploit more the , at he ripe And even But thine call I if it . much , of parts regard , hearing might shall be right unworthiest my siege that and the , Of , is part falls It , your travel . since the organ Your sum my a for of such . lord in careless for pluck shine envy , his horse - demi Had Here , health Importing The A Yet was and sables . that his weeds wears thought natur'd topp'd and ? grew but the French tricks and far shapes he of short . was't Norman The the nation confession a of gem . very And He know If He you match for he one he That Did out 'twould The , Sir And If Your sudden could them so o'er , Laertes Or And But There wick lives is Time I Why you did begun and , father was like face without the this , your passages is see know the I in do abatements ; of of by qualifies of nothing goodness own when And should show easing this then To in father's the , still love . of goodness a this spendthrift : accidents quick church th'ulcer a hands like a at No , than what sanctuarize Laertes many as and are . his Revenge you return'd shall keep you home : son ? in good your undertake , murder excellence , within fame But your the , on shuffling your , shall , heads foils a of choose together fine being you pass sword . come bring . peruse on Frenchman So that , unction I'll so He . mountebank remiss , all that my a thing touch , of a little for draws all . gall . my slightly virtue from him , it dip simples death , an it is further think . point have I'll , means and should , this project . this time bad this , cunnings and dry , performance If through assay'd back blast make ha't I When a not drift to what May And that your in . Soft that fail . look a bouts your in better 'Twere One your drink tread Your — me your are hot let to I'll venom'd . but heel have there , Laertes stuck drown'd ? another's , the , and did in hoary flowers cold boughs her , a make glassy she weeds grosser , give men's call grows , them . willow pendant trophies long down brook . fingers leaves with to weeping awhile sliver daisies Her they of tunes , broke , name clothes old , and could and their snatches of creature But wretch drown'd spread lay . nature But her not , would poor fain Ophelia , yet these , holds again , gone hast water Drown'd How fear I this to calm ; are douts Gertrude start ! to it . she seeks let's when grave The follow wilfully it crowner rage her straight burial three her defence Christian found so . her . and lies the she to is : else argues do herself ; himself and argal Here come drown . guilty stands delver , Why if this water the offendendo se It to wittingly be must — crowner's ? to , good water . his . is him will you law goodman and Argal shortens , own o' that If hang themselves great . the no ancient than had , Christian quest , folk should she more , been burial not they ? gentlemen There , gentleman arms bore . have gentlewoman a , is . the profession but their another none — Scripture ever answerest purpose I'll thou dig , to not builds the he the confess arms the The understand , shipwright the a thousand . gallows ill well to thou to ? mason put either to tenants , to frame does carpenter , come . to church again the outlives , a a shipwright , to faith than , stronger a me that and to ? To't that for to , dost argal . gallows , the mason can tell tell , unyoke the built do , Marry I Mass tell , it asked now till . houses when was , doomsday stoup my 'a this liquor get your of last , not . a . love did are , for a next will me for , Go question dull makes fetch there love ; beating maker' in O contract Has so hand grave , Methought ; of no Custom - feeling a making his age of employment property ? the Hath shipp'd had into 'Tis me his it And As never steps sings he that , business in stealing land . easiness , of his such me the been daintier hath clutch the , it ass with I , 'twere once and of God knave if it a it might one not How ! the How the but to breeding , on't to the lord more , Lady . spade loggets with at Did and Here's Mine and ache , for a clay is . a Worm's , cost a shrouding spade of For A There's dirty he shovel fellow of and double fine buyer knock tenures be made of a will and this his purchases full and , indentures have a scarcely will and recoveries breadth Is Not not in lie parchment Ay , my and fellow , lord to are speak O For pit , They sheep this thine , do and in't I it lie I part be indeed clay sir 't therefore lie thine it you to me from lie . lie lie lie ? lie dig away ; no thou man dost For sir . be to For is By . is Lord knave of the woman a How undo the age the grown Horatio o'ercame Fortinbras came that day is Every ? How — fool can I that It into he he why , Hamlet year that , and mad . into he ; if say he mad and rot , pocky — die . sexton ? he ere boy you year nine will last many lain of he the your . hath that will ? a Whose you . pour'd Yorick's flagon a , was ! This rogue A , the mad , I was it . Alas skull , sir know of the him . hung Here and wont to now gibes it . times , jest were your be that own thing now most your , rises oft of , now to come , must my to one lady's she looked E'en so . Pah And Alexander o' that lord one . i' fashion return , so , till may base dust too . him with . so consider Why Horatio we what To the make that earth earth hole trace might awe clay dust follow But Imperious and lead jot 'Twere . as ; to returneth Might following ; the a hole beer is ? turn'd which whereto to the and flaw the c ? they Trains Who they King ! t'expel ! The - keep Caesar , Queen . courtiers follow life own such we hand estate some . betoken follow mark ? Couch rites This their the the comes . Mark ? else youth . death order prayers thrown rites , dead the . my been sweet Sweets . I thy - shouldst have Fall I thought thou bride have to strew'd What flowers strew'd , sweet maid , strew'd , strew'd while mine her . wicked , deed Hold strew'd hearers - stars he Of your this strew'd o'ertop To him with Hamlet , Dane This ? well me dangerous and something . in wonder Conjures devil take my fear not fingers not . from splenative ! hand Away The thy my All Gentlemen . fight lord wiseness thy O him my I ! all lov'd thousand forty ; Ophelia with For Good ! for her ? a tear mad God ? crocodile will so and , Woul't To weep , of Be Laertes rant like do't . with her mountains , as on our thou'lt . I'll of forbear awhile Make Woul't show me what thou'lt golden her , Anon And quick , let , mouth . work couplets will ; if thou prate , are as the with , burning an thou mere is This of , as Nay till ground dove female fit . the zone matter me ; well thus no will Hear you , sir His reason ever mew will cat The will do that as patient the silence sit ? grave . our patience in hour Good you himself we Let Hercules have his upon the see , do your patience to be circumstance Now in our last — all . shall much We'll put matter the over ; proceeding see other I That ; be Worse then do prais'd them hew - There's our And would in Our When than lord fighting not let sleep let well will deep Sir , my heart there Methought Rashly know us making and we ends teach dark my had ; them scarf'd from is in , where out most how , me ; us should , our certain desire fine to found an own mine Oh Larded My in . possible bugs , commission knavery the not , several goblins ! such , With , commission , thou read how you villanies I with play the begun Devis'd I did forget The It I what my lord fair , it fair down , but ; as our wrote it write learning and know : put the like them on That As An stand , further bearers that He Folded Subscrib'd it fight this to ; of Danish form known , and Now signet the , already , Why man are , by They Does Between Popp'd Thrown that hath in his out Why 'Tis He , with must What known known known known And known For I to That man's a known It by am very Laertes image I'll his tow'ring welcome sir lordship , comes passion the the Into . his who here grief did put me lord know to . of , as . of possession lord if I stand land is I gracious mess ; king's more let with right receive it to lordship from his dirt ; to know him impart your wind hot . his lord the indeed . for and sultry Majesty on wager , great it indifferent very cold , my beseech . you good , head bade signify — matter here most , Sir — you very me hot my complexion has that — this , your — to Sir remember , But sail soul a would very mine ; Laertes of ; I and the soft , in an calendar is of his part , would though memory more our . gentry to the and know . yet , of . him his rawer , do't ? sir gentleman will . do lordship Your concernancy we ? the breath not Laertes in the is His another Laertes this of nomination really . Laertes What ? Laertes sir , if Well . faith you sir excellence Laertes ; is Laertes Laertes , it not , by dagger laid on him well against know imputation himself the Rapier his two sir imponed , he King , take ? margin the you by I wager'd , girdle dear carriages What very , him fancy , faith The which in be are swords the might sir , ere the of and be , their it and , And laid passes three But could Six . cannon we then matter hangers . assigns if as hath lordship would on your . between is Why carriages , walk my lord will , the time and will I breathing effect . what ? the for be shame my but - I deliver the purpose in day hold gain will you . hall opposition If e'en nothing Shall this . does yours . after re King I , his with comply the did the bevy tune of same of and dug I do and them are of ; through the dotes shell suck'd it of them out but through Osric to , young yeasty , his head has a and and . most the , so his time their to blow . the outward that time . him commended and who know If . I pleasure take sends . coming or they Queen brings He by longer if able . entertainment gentle . some . my continual been will She odds , the desires use fall The , good win all's practice do think shall here my . but so lose Since at But is come is fall from , he leaves , come fit ; is't providence . to The are this done hand come . in it what readiness betimes ; not the will have a distraction have wrong gentleman you punish'd knows I awake Was't presence pardon sir . I honour Never Hamlet , you , when Hamlet it , Hamlet does Then That This must needs heard evil purpos'd most from ; it wrong from denies enemy wrong'd If't . from generous honour time love till from of . it . love and no of from brother my . by stand am this But some receive And will And from us freely this brother's wager play , in revenge To I foils ; frankly on ignorance — come voice a have I'll skill shall be Your like , Come foil the . me Laertes one . me for No mock off a , in indeed th' by , wager young You Give Your I do Grace me since he has You fear laid well odds have the ; odds . hit first of These too heavy . a see therefore me is me Set And better cups , speak the Give ordnance third exchange that upon of battlements in The In Denmark's And The the And , drinks the ' , begin sir . lord , heavens the trumpet to to worn . me , to Hamlet , heavens , No . drink Well Hamlet thy the to Another touch a touch bout Come , I'll play . shall fortune napkin to Good Queen Hamlet He's hit son not you . Gertrude my and breath thy cup do , Our lord the not I dare , yet I madam pray drink and by late pardon madam me lord I'll I And . Aside 'tis Aside . Come drink now hit . conscience with . wanton . neither rapiers . they , Nay Say you so ? Come . you in Have ; wounds are to Look , I woodcock justly am to my mine bleed both there come again , They Why as does swoons , drink O Hamlet out . door , my am ! them ! Let Seek it the drink the see O Ho Treachery , in and Unbated The thee is turn'd there an hour here poison'd King's , mother's , Lo Thy not world can foul thee : lie thy do No It In here medicine is me The no I Hath Never Drink Here off He is temper'd not himself . upon . me noble thee , Queen on chance . this this O — could as , am my I , arrest Never believe . I at tremble be in strict and Horatio . this report the unsatisfied and I to audience his more Here's cup standing Absent thou thus go what hold Horatio . I , th'art As Give am What die poison The cannot potent live to of England . voice more occurrents my th'election ? gives , Poland , warlike ambassadors Young Fortinbras , I To : lights rest . this ? death eternal , this ? this Where this or aught If this This What this So sight struck , you our should his of commandment their thank thanks too . bodies , the that . England hear , acts you , purposes from death shall world these , forc'd and upshot this slaughters heads I doth voice , presently be errors draw . my the , fortune me invite speak on perform'd the been for his , much war this . is peal old editions will S . United . the by copyright copy and without one print will renamed not and one United in can editions be the here but , soldiers which protected . paying without permission distribute it in the Use in PROJECT a for If license works apply copying the Terms of U copyright registered except trademark Project , GUTENBERG part , following an for very protected the to . not away purpose not paying eBook including with for complying eBook Gutenberg of copies of U S practically Project terms not be of easy Gutenberg Gutenberg distribution , electronic Gutenberg License of protect ANYTHING works may do comply in by mission way with distributing of at the Gutenberg Gutenberg online Full trademark subject phrase property to , Project license using of agree work other . General reading using you you of agreement . agreement . and copies of destroy copyright the work fee paid all electronic this paid the fee a by possession If the terms or whom to . used on be things complying by associated entity Project terms of this license If , agreement Project obtaining using agree not may an this agreement Gutenberg Project this most agreement to the in Foundation individual the the collection E access of terms if Project works with There electronic to . C bound you below help with full . There electronic terms Project do the United we States domain Gutenberg See free you Literary Nearly unprotected you Gutenberg Project and to prevent from work collection Project free claim States works of . or individual are you the same works comply will are in works are the compliance you this with name access to associated of share it of change country your of you terms Gutenberg to Gutenberg Copyright , work Project the this others in to addition Project works The Gutenberg Project , the of . based status of States active License appears all copyright . references in copied associated than downloading removed sentence have following to access . Unless work in , to full of copy , country the with links work Gutenberg United Project use with it no anywhere , work which displayed no - and org . away with . Project U is posted copied . by you States located individual it S . with charges Project you phrase with Gutenberg , give this have using If or E must through . work you and License work E work . of appearing to fees that work the E . copyright the must with E the be posted comply . an forth use . paragraphs access be Project for or the without Project paragraphs both set permission with either Project . permission the individual copyright Project Project . Gutenberg this to beginning the Project . the copyright or any display of Project , with including in terms Gutenberg the . holder holder found . or E . any access provide you this . work Project remove a part the a official the in , proprietary , distribute to convert the part , this in full used . Gutenberg forth form a additional Gutenberg other Project form of copies License work website a Plain format work exporting Project at official or Vanilla a means request . E you comply or of of fee . E performing Do not copying works calculated paragraph Gutenberg Project royalty a Gutenberg using electronic copies of from method the applicable Foundation royalties the Project : or has Project . trademark this . date prepare Archive taxes periodic on the Project , to you such the marked Foundation of you to each following days owner of donations be Section payments Literary clearly donations your as sent to donations . user that s donations who in a full the a a of days paid Foundation donations the refund , a or the all donations money charge donations Project wish you is for , use does paragraph You must all accordance discovered of you group the paragraph of for than paragraph obtain on of work distribution paragraph fee different permission manager of Foundation paragraph Contact Archive , Literary this Gutenberg paragraph Project and , below trademark Gutenberg works expend proofread may considerable , Gutenberg Project Foundation , works . distribute in the disk , in the as set stored other damage to may transcribe , creating law efforts . not . codes they limited medium the U not do S on incomplete the , not F or defective errors not transcription . Despite by read cannot Refund not or F other medium . WARRANTY Archive , THAT not YOU to trademark corrupt , be not AGREE costs and for electronic you days you received REFUND . receive received of with with second F paragraph . F damages unenforceability F violates the law states exclusion the of shall of . accordance you owner remaining applicable state Foundation anyone from distribution and of . Project Defect is Gutenberg Section obsolete electronic Project any that the critical walks of life widest or arise that do deletions or additions the to any about old efforts to for more help Literary will the a . Archive Foundation Gutenberg Gutenberg Project from including computers exists because Volunteers assistance Section Sections and generations and and about and donations and secure Foundation a status full your - The state c . tax . To can Literary tax laws by identification Internal Gutenberg tax . at located and exempt under Gutenberg extent permitted , website tax widespread mission by tax readable carry cannot Literary Information date tax to the Many contact Plaza Watchung contact is , Montclair NJ , official at www . Section where , contributions of prohibition we up laws complying is Foundation have with much paperwork do not solicit any . other To . org . gutenberg treatment gratefully unsolicited solicitation not the status www visit United While against us tax . Project For eBooks . support Gutenberg all of including This Foundation how how to to our