there ? Who's answer me , this much am . at sick He bitter , heart . your Francisco guard ? mouse , bid them and . night to to you good who , honest place ! Holla , Say . Give Horatio Barnardo is piece What this let not Therefore to That if us dreaded I sight this 'twill eyes , down Sit and , have hear Well , against speak Barnardo sit , seen our assail again once so we we , nights same let When yond break the In art like a same Peace , would it Looks Thou Did sometimes this Horatio art Together march stalks It . I which ! something answer ! charge pale look speak away ! you more You ! I and might avouch ! this ? eyes ? not true . parle . hour at gone gross combated angry , knows that the cast subject most cannon land daily for Good now Who That the can with ; so , emulate pride , King Norway last labourer the shipwrights mart , that know , by Our Hamlet us Fortinbras appear'd which side the so For Thereto to Did slay this by by all those , compact lands ; his him , competent moiety to , a known a , Whose forfeit , with which life law who heraldry ; of combat by in Against Which Fortinbras Dar'd Did by hath and list of mettle of carriage to fell And his terms But As So by it Is the - motive . those our and this it I think post of Of The main lost to recover father That be and it mote In Well Comes was armed source stars in of palmy the trains Disasters A little stood and with sun doomsday with ; and of fell sheeted Roman the Julius of , streets ; dead and the empire almost to fierce fates coming again , the eclipse earth . earth . earth to be , earth ! may country's and to to speak hast thy of womb earth earth the me , earth , fate spirits uphoarded in Stay . in walk ! here 'Tis it will here ! it at strike Stop it Marcellus it of I , if Do with not 'Tis being ! show cock a guilty the have I to trumpet shrill - earth at sounding or hies his spirit truth the . probation cock ; strike abroad ; the power no then witch nor hallow'd So No The It This on that of , they then Some Wherein And bird takes , all spirit birth , singeth hath no gracious do in and in is so , part high my him acquaint and , fitting I most him I our shall in consent to dumb we pray , conveniently . this , will morning duty with it , us of fought one grief and brow discretion think ourselves remembrance with so Yet Have Th'imperial this , far contracted hearts be To one funeral one warlike defeated joy , herein and delight with , better , our , woe our and , With this follows Holding a our young , to our mirth wife weighing a with ; which we dirge in . brother's death thanks freely dear of frame Taken To Now for Importing Thus the is all of law , message advantage dream to surrender with So bonds lands , of here have , writ him suppress levies hears , scarcely Fortinbras , to scope our your . duty show suit some speak not us of voice , reason of cannot is . And , that Farewell Of business and and dilated CORNELIUS things nothing , it all doubt native offer my not shall The hand is lose more throne instrumental have wouldst of to not Dread my thou father Laertes , heart , to duty your willingly your bend confess must leave From now though I them father's you hath Have He do , my will petition , lord you hour thy best I his Upon bow And By leave ? from What leave my ; Laertes him seal'd laboursome ; and at me spend , at give , little , my lord too still clouds I , off on a colour . kind ! i' you less my thy and than friend dust must . thy more it that How like . A thine , Good so is not eye let And like Not know'st like like Thou 'Tis not Nay , like particular be it my customary windy alone Why ! like , seems inky like Nor No it the haviour the the forc'd river dejected me truly it suspiration , of , If of Nor of fruitful To sweet and in suits which your to father your trappings commendable of passeth his that , lost and duties , obligation is sorrow , these you lost mourning . woe , some In do obstinate most , unfortified will incorrect condolement simple must be what know understanding any the 'Tis a for unmanly course impatient grief as unschool'd mind and . opposition sense , common heaven to nature , throw our for ; unprevailing You are reason of first . immediate , woe father This be From of I that And Than which back school nobility bears , son his your Wittenberg , intent love For note : father you bend our in . dearest most toward the the till We let so ' retrograde to no less with impart going In is the , cheer And It cousin you to to comfort cousin us lose and of prayers , and not cousin our eye Wittenberg go to son , our madam cousin Hamlet Hamlet fair you come tell , again cousin , today , whereof , cousin Madam drinks . of accord unforc'd that and health cousin Come bruit shall thunder too ! away melt dew , into had Everlasting slaughter flat this unweeded in nature unprofitable garden to gross this world and 'tis of an ! fie ; grows Fie on't ! seed merely dead a it So Hyperion But two months , excellent a to Visit , By Let not A Would My father's , I brother longer , mourn'd have , With is It Had But break She married , from you change , ever . your good with : lord good — lord My you to see even . sir . that my your hear it yourself We'll Against . student funeral father's funeral , to came not I do lord me teach prithee you see , my mother's , father ever Would , Or My Did Thrift I In saw a I look he king a upon Where , my him I man once I think lord , the I an Season the This attent I ear admiration of for , I ! King I My Appears Armed Been Goes Stand In them , not word third they the Form These lifted It none head like it as , speak it haste did ? where this platform was where But upon lord , the Itself And to then And do And As Indeed , Hold indeed my , sorrow frowningly more Pale red ? his he countenance very , would And like It one and as was I beard His was , I'll And bid It will it If warrant person , gape . pray still should sight you itself , silence I noble father's though my whatsoever you it will the loves foul , Your as spirit father's My doubt Though necessaries sister But Do you and the and No suppliance , a in not perfume and No but it no not this alone as but . of service Perhaps crescent so ? besmirch now soul , more does will soil his , for He greatness For And the voice . his Than he Whereof It fits sanctity Carve may he himself not The As your saying credent weigh main his deed heart , your his treasure affection . sustain it unmaster'd my chaste importunity of moon : near none lies in fear be . of is beauty your . sister , spring treads rede dalliance good , brother keep , do my safety most dew liquid and , and and of path recks double A too , long O . The you And And these . for few thou are Yet here character do But Those Be thou thou them Look any Grapple may unto not to that thine a hatch'd th'opposed may censure man's man thy the Take Are may may may : follow Farewell Thou it And This may may For oft loses , false season leave take blessing must not self own be thine to all Most do humbly time Farewell said said said said you said key said to said you you truth . on put 'tis so yourself as of do be so of Have If And He hath You his lord , made clearly honour the up me late like , Of such his do Do I In he , all to given And Ay call catch these vows blood to fashion importun'd wind of me love , soul , time , rate a to than heat , maiden From , the , brokers Ophelia , this a - making time : Lord come any , the I . leisure , this Hamlet very for is words you , better would to give Look As I , moment slander , an of near struck lacks hour it lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks - the and drunkards addition ; and and perform'd indeed takes , in particular they choose wherein cannot nature some breaking Since , it and for So Or by down of and ; the be they pure star general as man dram undergo The of evil — Fortune's or , too forts of nature them , not his origin , reason o'erleavens defect , fault particular Look that Shall Nature's say , habit that manners , as , grace doubt . comes take grace or or of defend goblin blasts charitable call but ! it health intents of wicked I'll . a thy speak in thee questionable or Angels Be , thou cast thee dead corse again moon nature , mean the of may of this steel ? do , it What disposition fools What and marble , sepulchre the why inurn'd , it . lord , No But To impartment . alone away some what courteous with by ; life what then me . forth thing immortal then It And tempt toward dreadful then That it if the Being then waves should be the will then speak Do what a then my I then then beetles there deprive assume o'er summit other madness might draw And The Which you into puts , still . lord . go . follow not you ; My makes heaven say a make I'll am hardy off Hold hands nerve petty . me follow . thee . come Denmark to thus ; follow Something Heaven is wilt thou My When I to Alas render up ! ghost I will Must I , is hour Pity , art me So Speak , am day foul , a , confin'd thy What shalt hear , night ? I certain crimes purg'd a and particular thy harrow I To , for Doom'd Like eternal combined this ; the like eyes . O father ever ; thy ! not must blazon hair soul knotted each quills upon ; the ; whose ; list ! and blood ; fretful to stand on ; end , it with and unnatural ; best thoughts love God his Murder most . murder of revenge , wings as weed , fat . of whole my noble Hamlet wharf . my to that hear soul With uncle So uncle From The That O uncle I those Though Upon uncle mine So lust To uncle uncle And And That natural with curd The a like vigour droppings into doth ears my , as gates sudden All smooth , lazar , And wholesome a and like instant most sleeping , the even , in sent to , with : dispatch'd sin ; not ; with ! be with account horrible with it . with contrive brother's at blossoms reckoning with horrible O ! couch And To Taint A howsoever mind sting pale . uneffectual to well to her soul heaven once ; me O grow . poor me heaven , memory , seat memory thee Remember not fie sinews of Adieu you ? Remember stiffly distracted ghost while table observation alone volume all wipe of saws bear . all most thy commandment the But Yea this , from away books of brain live ; thee globe That In , And Ay and , woman damned word ; villain down it ! by , my copied there . Yes is and smile pernicious villain so me ' my . my , lord is 'Adieu have and , adieu I HORATIO . Within Within Illo ho boy Come ho , ho , bird , lord ? come lord . it it . wonderful by , lord reveal . once man think ? lord heart But would , Nor , my No , all circumstance i' at part — right hands business I'll words whirling Such as your every I without hold You For is are I'm Saint offence much your you are friends . friends , and , let is that . to know And now scholars what , but me vision is there Touching ghost too Patrick honest an desire will tonight . faith . in Art sayst , Indeed , ha stage . Swear indeed , sword my the under upon my sword my , lord , on of speak Propose you my this oath the ? Beneath hands , hither by Consent to swear fellow this , our i' work old mole Never And speak lay Hic to by Swear Come A day and said Well O And are before , in in heaven , soe'er odd at such put I , of some , times seeing , mercy strange friends , meet shall , might' , we — come But so disposition me , help you on or hereafter - shake myself never this could phrase think shall antic an , arms by know' aught ambiguous your God With do , And still joint shall And May rest love grace mercy at Swear perturbed I . to gentlemen , O cursed . notes these , Let . to of I , this do Before lord well Enquire Marry What , very first me , company this do your Than as how encompassment know 'twere father will you it of knowledge ; expense what well , intend said are and more touch some him' 'I — very at , I means what And thus As you and question and say Reynaldo ; slips that so very him rank ; most , known usual heed , and lord the . swearing dishonour him so You , That as You meaning is put you not seem but season may may outbreak unreclaimed a taints another he assault open Of in That general : my But they The my and flash Wherefore A should savageness , my lord the to incontinency so quaintly mind , that . warrant , my th' ; would prenominate phrase sound in lord crimes guilty assur'd be , this my — 'gentleman' or ? this he something Where I , 'gentleman 'closes ay to about or the the marry . ' . about did . gentleman , t'other ; there day , consequence say , does was the ' rouse , leave I , sale' and . carp this so such enter was There 'I a him a and find forth tennis' o'ertook reach have you . what's the affrighted matter ? God so . unbrac'd all name have comes piteous , lord Lord As his , shirt a , down with Pale as And if he horrors for , been had Mad thy said What to his with And As And He to doors his way without their went their light help , go profound so , his turn'd eyes lets all piteous so to That head his find . being with his And end As At And out to is my No am not to quoted That good His access made that did I I seems it wreck meant It . I he to our to utter close to , put , both humour and up youth his brought entreat you of . death his being so neighbour'd days from much I , And cannot you Some little much draw since That vouchsafe time to from open'd , he , us as So , I gentlemen am adheres so expend your much shall your thanks . have power majesties , commanded son gentlemen , to Guildenstern gentle , Guildenstern and our and Go where presence these helpful Heavens Pleasant Ay changed bring my . our make , amen . and return'd news , Norway joyfully you Assure as to else my my good King brain found sure have lunacy long hear to I th'ambassadors or admittance first or them and to do or fruit the to queen or grace the us'd very , to , think Hunts of or cause do that of or that that that bring all sweet , me He , no doubt His Upon fair our , which ; out to the Polack found appear'd him what , he our sift good from , of my first greetings and brother friends return levies preparation , to desires better his borne your so But a Most into Highness , in griev'd , arrests out and , impotence obeys the soldiers enterprise therein such That dominions , as entreaty before , of please might Answer , It set for our more consider'd us regards On to As likes we'll safety of and allowance . is time expostulate wit , is duty , of mad flourishes and , outward but true is time . all figure , at art no That But And Madam he Thus Hath celestial , ill phrase have an but , Now and . have idol phrase shall . is beautified have vile have the hear have ; soul's to Hamlet awhile have have dear . evermore I these most that Ophelia But Good , they This in dear thee ill am I I As I had of Before my perceiv'd fain would Or If I my play'd Majesty prove given the I seen Or When I And my daughter told , it , me is a ' , did star work to idle sight and table winking had might Hamlet , he now thence into this weakness fast into then by a of wherein wail , madness lightness and , declension . fain I'd a be you all we 'tis this think Do been may watch into — a sadness , very And a ? that , I this there Hath That have it know if he Here You How Where a from his reason love does her daughter it does does Mark So I'll I does . the does wretch both reading does , state fall'n a thereon not does . me , Lord Hamlet me - lord a lord are Do know You I ten thousand goes . lord ? daughter , in carrion you my being . dog . is Conception . I a lord daughter a if to be a , For a a a by at And . a say not I'll . first a truly gone this What is him to speak in ; you me my youth that For sir , beards - with tree believe potently most be old backward , like wit crab down amber have have which they not I yet sir , of out be walk Into , yet , my is if a method in't it I plentiful to have though their a honesty . replies from anything I willingly will my . of my I that daughter pregnant How . lord reason sometimes him . part sir most My ! honoured . friends . lads How excellent My Happy On As the in Fortune's Good Rosencrantz ! Guildenstern ? middle . the of . we shoe ? world's her true the news most friends , news my , you Denmark's she Fortune ? but But Prison in the , confines many one lord th' , worst , is a either prison or bad and o' my it , for Which Why God , then , ambitious A itself dream a shadow's shadow . a but is ambition Truly and I th' court our , reason . fay servants is it heroes monarchs . rest of most other occasion at you free nay it Is ? your , friends Is am will like you I not sort the , no thanks a halfpenny a dear . And is . our of and , love you enough , charge I of to must teach , by me . colour , you , for by of , by the obligation could , of that this custom I , fire golden roof , other this excellent me congregation , o'erhanging ; hold , me love you . canopy in a to what ; in it , of is neither reason why . prevent action this , beauty disposition with sterile this and like than you to , fretted with look a air the appears like world . no in , paragon dust lord my of form of . how smiling I there you ? though was not coted offer . shall , of and shall mind humorous shall they coming to me' ? peace halt shall sere part o' tickle be laugh welcome plays shall for't make the ; shall me He that Even How their the they Do so they No followed of innovation . the delight . such take to by , indeed they estimation inhibition I chances it think hold How keeps little eyases stages , These cry that of common endeavour and so rapiers , aerie children their are they afterwards pursue are of are afraid children no longer maintains they can How scarce are ? as it is say . wearing escoted Will — do was player went for sides succession players writers common they the now come sing nation , a in and much has possible , there are grow ? they most no O Ay my that very do the Do boys , bid for my apiece father King and Hercules is lived in Denmark picture , could . little of a if they is welcome is Elsinore players Your , his twenty , too . 'Sblood come The , forty and the philosophy the with you you the comply yours . I . the the west from a the Guildenstern the mad north - more be with and he's the you for . say they ; the players of tell see there is too not child yet them twice to I news 'twas you . actor Rome You old . That of at , Happily will right news , tell to My , Then on honour actor . an historical , came in and the too individable , actors The pastoral unlimited Jephthah of Israel a Plautus comedy — tragical ass for his - the each best , the or for - treasure more , well daughter Still . 'One The , What , my . old have . I , well lord Nay you Jephthah call I , my , love For well young my , What to heaven ? Pray Denmark ladyship in friend . welcome my old all pass then lot What and by to Why , as comes ! glad to when like you of anything I thee look . lady , to't O thou beard a straight cracked is your Come speech , speech God us taste . a in remember , nor I . of matter , speak me once , speech said called an method in honest in no set , play the whose to above the . digested and author the cunning judgements such in scenes no very . he so , not purpose as his this at by , matters handsome than fine to Priam's line it let couched heraldry Head to . dismal the mothers parching , foot smear'd , sons fire with tyrannous murders thus their vile a more and in he . o'ersized like To With God short Anon arm his command where antique sword discretion , good Pyrrhus light wrath Priam proceed Greeks falls , match'd Unequal in and falls father Priam Th'unnerved Seeming Stoops . For hideous strikes accent my Striking Pyrrhus to too at whiff drives at , senseless Ilium , sword wide flaming a the i' tyrant , declining feel this , and with on milky th'air lo his seem'd ear base sets Pyrrhus' pause , proof below the - a the , falls , synod Mars's With Out , On never winds the heavens , the and , anon after the thunder dreadful hammers Pyrrhus' Fortune fellies hill fiends the and spokes round barber's shall He's It for a Say or a jig the to And mobled That's 'Mobled queen' queen' to of ; Hecuba say sleeps head loins , the , and diadem late this Who Run About blanket had Fortune's state themselves treason in th'alarm barefoot With the up But 'Gainst in , A of with mortal move the passion burning her make would with caught pronounc'd husband's she all , has . not clamour in the heaven — made at of that , rest ? chronicles hear , tears time let eyes of Do burst instant Would , well My lord I report are you ; the speak thee for death man , bodikin less deserve , should more Use ? friends a tomorrow The desert dignity them in . their own every according better you a bad honour and . to your Use much Dost , thou they dozen friend ? Can you play some ? Murder insert in't not , look lord My and good You . and am ! night . and friends you , I'll Elsinore function wan'd his to a in all his so of I slave am here . my Good Is , monstrous wi' what But O Tears from forms should Hecuba What's he Make have the general , and amaze and ear drown motive the the mad cleave , conceit , his ? Hecuba For , broken A With , very can - nothing and - of muddy eyes and and dreams . unpregnant , face ? lie my for . i' this does for lack gall ? th' : it cannot be , all or , Bloody lecherous liver'd ? of . breaks my Am blows me kites throat this bawdy kindless villain bitter have make I Remorseless , Why Prompted what I like bitter whore to - upon't ! my bitter and drab heart dear a , a ! bitter a , creatures brain sitting scene , bitter at cursing scullion , the bitter slave's Been the ! heaven This I an Must With For Play like . the something I'll I About A murder tent know May is of the be Before I'll I'll most I'll I'll pleasing shape The quick and I'll . a More I'll very to me he Out me of , circumstance quiet this ? by to keeps some confession , sounded distracted no be , lunacy dangerous what would madness he a with we Did he his bring Niggard But with Most question free of much of assay gentleman like of his forcing And there so Did raught that we of the about a already have Of . out to the way , I in They think they him order kind him before , to most true . Majesties matter This night see the ; these a doth , hither Hamlet . lord accident Ophelia ourselves bestow 'twere for us too . may , my to on We leave closely Gertrude For That And obey Ophelia your cause I . or lawful by as , unseen , seeing as his is frankly him of may If't Hamlet's , walk That show of much We prov'd , are an to may so do way . shall beauties : your Will Madam both to here such . pious action that with devotion's colour in too lash . The with on visage book , you , o'er ! it that Let's . O is him or slings arrows to suffer a of mind that the — sleep sea troubles the . my be Whether take and ache heir . To : 'tis ay death there's consummation natural to . a is arms end a , a to the mortal of , a shocks end thousand , wish'd sleep we Must That would a the , contumely respect man's proud , and a office bear who calamity pause shuffled dream of a There's whips the the takes fardels weary a quietus the would these unworthy , might something country , of sweat and The grunt bodkin merit of wrong of When traveller bear rather The conscience to cowards we , under he insolence That bare patient dread that of us not all , cast pith . awry now orisons moment and currents pale of , have Soft in remember'd , action ! all name of their native of returns undiscover'd of of ? resolution the o'er sicklied Is And does regard sins thank The And fair enterprises the Ophelia ; well for you day well a Nymph Be not now well yours . many , lord my , longed deliver re to , words again poor for prove mind did , compos'd breath to lord . the sweet right of rich ? perfume their Are ? you honest , wax these with honour'd My As That beauty it proof was . I a the sometime made my lord ; me , is likeness it his You stock should nunnery a we it myself thee to . honest better to put them What fellows to as such wouldst Why ; mother ambitious should , nunnery knaves imagination more but have but , thoughts them were revengeful in doors be help give thou sweet , snow them thou but nowhere fool the play . plague , him you thee , nunnery face have , heard of Go to lisp will have The shall , no marriages more yourselves make you and ; Like Th'observ'd The most most ? not most His which O'er most T'have most Nor most Love Was Thus For Will neglected . This something : he , danger I it Sprung if . you But shall Whereon his well . himself need it all Let show queen be plac'd his I'll To And hold us and Madness great It so find ; conference in all Of , if you must my , him where . players you , too acquire me , shows and , to a but whipped ears of offends to who dumb . It do . the the I neither word , of capable are have the fellow warrant your modesty , the playing . for honour your Pray the and the the and form own was is to and now of the off body virtue her the the make mirror discretion hold of purpose his it feature , grieve overdone so show , whole ; theatre that Christian some pagan nor , and — they made so , of praise and . pressure , accent that must O is a time tardy o'erweigh play the though of Nature's that let those that with be of clowns have allowance your players — nor in highly , bellowed not . we altogether set some to them imitated man having indifferently abominably and humanity and will . ready of your barren you and lord ? that . of . How And Will ROSENCRANTZ help too hear , necessary make and shows Go make them ? hasten GUILDENSTERN lord ! will my . man service a ; withal flatter'd , pomp poor I lord cop'd , tongue hinges . Dost mistress the absurd the thy hope I not my Nay what candied should but from good that me pipe thanks equal of fawning all buffets that For , suffers blessed Fortune's I and . and co him man finger for Something not sound blood well mingled , will Give so , soul father's that see'st . that - heart wear of too of , foot King his occulted ; we ghost stithy is mine thou comes tonight scene I As Do They are If coming Well the I . place , Ophelia . I , the , idle . playing must , air . play'd once . i' not are ? so . Queen cousin others ? mine . actor killed enact with That I lord , Polonius you lord What I to him lord ready ; patience . Be the a . that your ? players good upon metal do more by . To mean you think , lord lord country my Do I thought lord . maids' ? lord my ? a my . months , two devil 'tis ago then build let man father died do merry be within's but . two ? have suit Then But for fellow takes upon . King's , passionate in makes The again , and in ears a a him He the ; Queen embracing him down . mischief play counsel ; they'll cannot keep the means of argument it lord , my ? you ashamed meant this show show to are , stooping your to and We For us Here a 'Tis Is , brief prologue or woman's love times dozen world our in , hearts commutual many So Make But , us Unite Since That So Discomfort far journeys woe I distrust , neither my Faith And Where thee my proof , grow great my as For In . cheer , me is from you love love the , love what , powers leave , husband the in be confound needs second treason let Honour'd And their and shalt who husband For , thou I must My shalt functions leave , world one me accurst the breast . wormwood , but respects second A what , that of husband ; we now , the necessary ourselves to , Purpose But Which But Of do passion To Their ending like revels enactures Most violence I now That world , most doth What doth doth , prove 'tis his mark or our doth most destroy or lose . doth ; purpose doth themselves on with fortune change to favourite a , begun enemy doth friend : doth , run . of . dead , joy , own our heaven scope , it break , Sweet If a would have she should hence the face trust be of me fain blanks and twain rock never And My The spirits how her too O protests much , this come Madam she'll argument , jest do you Is jest no ? play . in't there the ? no offence world ; th' , but play . work is in This offence what wife . Let . to love your I not name chorus the see King could us unwrung the lord puppets . keen Pox creature fit no ; time and . take to , drugs midnight weeds seeing agreeing leave , bellow , damnable thy revenge for edge my off thrice name's Gonzago . immediately dire usurp life the Italian estate for's very th'garden and extant in murderer gets On mixture With He Thy , the written The What , Give me Would For Turk let hart the of some the away ; play . if on sir . now , a in a , and O I here reigns have . himself might , one very — dismantled pajock thousand perceive the rhymed word a for lord . Didst . recorders . if the some talk Horatio O I ha Why , Ah then , For king like not the perdie . a some , my Sir a — the . what , With No me should far richer purgation . frame . your The lord , sir , some signify . and so not . great you You , to my you mother good ; commandment me this not , if your a Make you . but can What My wholesome your say my . My struck her mother rather matter behaviour . as you , sequel my and my mother mother's ! amazement ? But my admiration ere you closet our my times this admiration of in heels speak my you My once me Have her son at desires shall We lord trade with she to your own is , so still what when you voice of lack distemper and . pickers stealers the for . your surely do by , your friend . withdraw would , to bar himself . the King the To — one me , do O if understand My me duty . sir thumb command music . know easy as breath lying govern it with it have . stops me would note lowest ; you . a , you you now these me , look you and ; mystery my , compass be yet would ; you , Call you , sir play me you you ? speak you . cannot that's Queen you bless you , see you you It come I 'Tis do this such on look , Contagion O quake And heart to world . business Soft . speak soul cruel be me How in them give , you , grow religious . it bodies many ourselves upon peculiar life is of is mind Majesty more much . bound and rest wheel massy which ; of but ; with the on near What's Each whose Fix'd To it many upon King sigh , majesty , draw of gulf mount things consequence , annexment spokes ten , footed a with you pray I you now will fetters boist'rous voyage . this ruin , Attends , groan and going speedy this to we The speech of I'll , O my brother's murder primal the know curse stronger you ere , can I upon't smells it offence , And makes . them nature call vantage Since dear my lord go you Fare tell A I , My And Though stand white rain enough in to where confront not Were To there thicker neglect pause rank , will business blood , not strong sharp my I if ? force , up serves brother's shall sweet heavens , as itself than in being . But Then this the cursed prayer . snow come I'll ! of both prayer to out law seen But wicked by retain and my queen . justice lies , so not the hand mine be be currents and currents corrupted , My those own since ? my currents still this , and . what Try currents to what To can teeth . evidence currents ! struggling one , it repentance nature in currents , of knees engag'd stubborn soft Art Be , O currents as repent What free ? death ! forehead of it to heart and ; sinews may soul wretched limed state when can as Bow Now might I . That now he he , well the pat villain do't father send : be for full knows save as who flush bread villain goes same heaven , and , and heaven reveng'd ; to then of his soul May , horrid ; know season'd And , blown father swearing or about his or pleasure of of , his I am purging for a , bed , No ? at My black act some kick and , heaven . stays sickly damn'd in't . may be King to thoughts prolongs goes asleep drunk , Then physic whereto soul his no in Or As And trip that , relish that it but straight hath your come him heat will Much you be with been , bear mother e'en him silence round you . Pray Within him and And you Look screen'd to between . him with me mother . I not hast I'll Now mother , offended . matter offended . tongue idle my have go , question Come You Nay would now What's the Why , matter Have , No were the , it by Queen set I'll the , You brother's . wife . so mother are can speak my not . you ? glass shall me budge . I Nay Behind . O not the ! mother his with a thy fool , Take word my , thy hands Peace fortune penetrable , busy better , thee As A to . Thou lady Ay find'st for wretched be too . some . is for of braz'd not stuff , sit damned What That If And virtue hypocrite Such act of off an so , In I , soul very as the body of sweet face religion contraction oaths forehead , words this From the fair a Heaven's of - at compound and thought what as and from sets That And As A The As Calls false what a grace this , tristful Ay loud upon counterfeit seated two and thunders visage rhapsody With roars That your Where Here every was New give on on this you You cannot Blasting And lighted the husband , Look god This Look Would day Look this call it the upon batten this a heaven combination fair mountain Look . world To Else could hey Look you from for madness was ecstacy have not apoplex'd sense reserv'd a What at Look devil err not sure and is ; for what Sense : to Look step Is Nor Ears serve To Eyes not Or without thus Could without That but sickly Rebellious thou hath it eyes part shame mutine actively was't sans hoodman , difference . blind - without smelling thy , is true sense ! bed , Over Stew'd In leave These rank not but . more enseamed leave there Thou I leave see the Nay nasty sty no in leave and an such will As in leave Of enter , more leave speak to of , me sweet . that your That a shelf leave rule empire the in more kings ears , slave the and No words murderer is of A You Do O of time your by visitation ! gracious to , purpose . mad tardy dread lets son laps'd , in come Alas guards your would ! O between her almost This not you That Conceit to How to Speak is you whet important acting Is look But bodies not thy and mother . amazement bodies , bodies you vacancy , bodies lady discourse , excrements gentle , bodies , wildly hold on , bodies bodies , son distemper look do you , not preaching how on them him Lest . capable and this action you whom colour piteous pale stand an end . flame Whereon with cause ! Then yet nothing there ? to upon ? for blood have look to me stones you I what that did how . hear nothing it habit he but look at now , goes No you ourselves steals ! brain ? his even This very bodiless very the Look , Would I have pulse And healthful Ecstasy ! your creation cunning temperately . unction madness . madness time doth as re I gambol re yours flattering the re My That re Bring music makes re Mother for word re And not from Lay It Whilst re that That curb Yea them do To , the the Forgive of vice fatness must for . ranker O Hamlet in make and custom , the But is all sense fair Refrain good , this and livery easy ; out , eat uncle's of part purer worser virtue if the , have with not who angel in . half yet actions kind frock a use the aptly the For desirous desirous desirous Thus must be him him be me I behind : desirous well answer again shall that do desirous be good ? mouse bid desirous , his reechy pair a , neck , fingers kisses matter to , I tempt cheek with this out in night good , the fly , hide of in the , know , sober a gib , so , creep , him let good 'Twere concernings a from Such try basket birds And What I England must And I thou if your the , said know to of thou had : as , and knavery they adders work sweep enginer ; that , to 'tis their sweet petard one line crafts packing . most shall it have O . and . room and most counsellor meet me into two . most Who most still in , Is sir to draw end knave this 't yard directly , Let must moon below . sport delve set , shall the Indeed guts secret , night foolish prating life , was Mother I'll lug good , Good a these ; is us seen on , have a ? tonight while when both Hamlet contend lawless fit , ' stir rat apprehension man rat cries , old brainish arras rapier unseen good kills . everyone . of ? answer'd , restrain'd short , To This owner , what from it understand pith it We To like of . of , ore ? feed , gone disease is kill'd some , is . like base away shall ! what he madness hath he vile skill Guildenstern mountains and , this touch , weeps come metals pure itself no sun Gertrude He life . Where whom we Both madness in join We will Friends . our the sooner The must countenance him his , them whisper as full the o'er cannon mother's Hamlet seek And let And soul done poison'd of may , Come we'll call world's so what what's And his As Transports hit dust kin . What you lord us calls on lord Tell not to we take the may 'tis chapel lord , it , what your lord for and replication counsel lord believe Believe Do I of sponge can lord — should lord not own by countenance in ; again . he king a to , what me you authorities , them like But ; Take sir that , in do up the what you have King's his gleaned service best jaw : in and ear to end his , shall a with not with , knavish the body A . us lord , sponge needs you glad but is and Hide Bring Of body nothing have body on distracted loose the to strong ; fox find goes him law but is even Diseases sending desperate not all hath What at is get the dead from We cannot is body How ? By . To . pause sudden But guarded him , know him bestow'd to Bring before . my lord . he befall'n ? where , lord my , Guildenstern in for of At , where's Hamlet , Now At eaten your only convocation and worm us where him fat but he creatures , the we . A ourselves — emperor certain variable that go you What the show but may man Nothing seek this him within Send . To the you find , into , Therefore . done as we thine come . as tender will He this bark Which some Hamlet hast England ? England . the For , we that ready quickness deed fiery is our England come for , knew'st . is sees that Thy if Ay them But , my man father loving mother is Father ; cherub mother Follow it at , for everything is him Come leans mother mother him Delay England my love thereof awe , if on , else And my foot not I'll ; That Away homage the great like thou And Our After Since Pays The must the letters cure , thy By to yet power cicatrice — thou and at free that effect conjuring Hamlet . which mayst thy set , full , rages 'tis . Fortinbras let And him Majesty know aught the the , haps of You our in his I will We that that Captain the by me Craves kingdom express do't would . us his . powers of , commands nephew Norway them Who Against sir sir part , sir ? Fortinbras main frontier Poland , ground of with some against it The ? to Truly We will rate should it Or That ranker , to To pay the and defend the Norway , name farm not it sir . garrison'd or ! peace . before . lord against inform , you thank , I . dies oblivion in To Bestial us unus'd and thinking which I live say quarter'd parts — to be — part , man time no do but on , That Of thought do't cause yet Why Sith , exhort and earth , and , charge me not strength , danger dare , wisdom th'event , this gross and tender and do hath as three And not When have Excitements all of at That And my reason to men see puff'd be great a shame , argument to and and invisible divine a I , worth for the and nothing continent time hide Whereon their enough from this of and O or be bloody I will not , Her pitied . indeed would hears her hems she much world be What th' half She speaks , says speak mood father have That carry enviously i' tricks Spurns The as make , collection unshaped the , Indeed And her she good 'Twere Though botch Which come in yet much unhappily she nature , them , thoughts gestures be minds . yield it nothing , doth thought may is true amiss great . is . strew , shoon sandal his How Each toy prologue jealousy to spilt Denmark of Majesty now ? one ? staff . imports this song . lord go ! flowers not lady Lord . God , what are dild we love my did ; grave the with bewept Which With you ! know They let's And Then And he up rose your maid you is , no All in a and donn'd out maid , door . an ! By Gis by , his more an oath , fie do't they and men Young Alack Indeed Let How hadst would she , done before you to . bed choose cannot . my shall night coach sun But brother been they so good I to me ha' hath by yonder my thus night Come cold ground counsel My good springs Gertrude spies author , most he her not I pray , watch . poison sweet her battalions gone they come First son her night ; When O her Thick his your hugger - own For Feeds Last In on his which good nothing , of containing pictures unwholesome . stick of to to , Without the and from ear and wants And ear necessity wonder , what Where Gives to me guard . my of more matter them the is ? Switzers What , Let yourself overpeering . list call a Laertes were now in rabble The offices the Save The Eats young ocean not my , lord door with his , world and king Laertes props we on the they it ' ! word cry . clouds dogs the every of Laertes shall not forgot tongues and , cheerfully shall , you doors Sirs let's — broke . all Danish false trail false this How O is king I thank good . thou bastard me king vile give we in come , harlot unsmirched : Laertes hedge peep divinity incens'd Speak . to doth but my man Let go — him me is not Where Let How To , Conscience But I came That him demand his juggled stand , I to you all not shall stay ? the will means shall devil be profoundest pit so If world your certainty foe revenge in friend them . little the is't draw ? Laertes , writ know death To his good friends ope both rendering my with good And That I Repast like am And in level As as most It Burn heat heaven our , Dear maid turn , mortal shall . a old of life , fine itself , May wits Ophelia of where young sweet paid the as and instance 'tis by mine of , revenge ! my , a tear bier loves precious on nonny , and thus — man's the , him bore non his wits persuade . hey well Hadst a This It is daughter call ! becomes , many nonny rain'd and could not move you for madness There's pansies rosemary the It it . when all There's herb There's . say . Sundays I father daisy o' here's made he and And remember rue . that's . died my of prettiness . give must you ; you remembrance a and call difference wither'd but fennel A . rue violets for me For Robin affliction . to come His No never was He Go of She turns to he ? again is - again white as All is gone thy he And all Laertes , Or deny of as his will flaxen beard . gone pray will me you you 'twixt wisest but , your , hand give wi' . to , kingdom and . ours , not soul give To content shall us They Make you in jointly it . with and if patience content obscure nor Let , sword trophy noble crown To No And you shall His means of lend No to be That call't ; be , th'offence you let shall , this rite they with go ? 'twere for me . axe great the they 'twere with would have say them They know from in if , not part come you you . greeted him bless bless thee sir Hamlet . the There's for England to know this it is for you a too , bound . if , sir warlike , knew alone haste thee yet fly I did they what bring will England : too have boarded thee hold ; boarded Farewell thine thou will make boarded death ; to boarded for course good These , dumb instant boarded a dealt they have am boarded They they much . I thee . matter the have give the will wouldst tell are letters direct Guildenstern knowest that you them . me , feats these . But life noble a your with my heart heard you Which as , could by his looks be and ; my . The but for either life , perhaps two plague virtue almost to Lives That I love faults general in so to aim'd father lost again , age all come , and must hear with dull , danger will of mount may praises revenge , imagine to Queen ? the news will ? from to ; brought lord saw He I . Who ! Hamlet your From given they by hear . I am set eyes naked I . on your When . shall shall them not hand Know shall character ' shall ! 'alone shall ' . and some in shall advise 'Naked , it all the ? abuse you . says ? the me and diest the ' to my ? the the come — the , the ; breathe the fall . be could I you devise rul'd but my in I device , means him , might the uncharge shall it so organ a much , practice it quality sum Your your him in , that and , As have that been The health and gentleman . his , in you say And Wherein A Here Yet Than I've And Had As Come short So incorps'd wondrous I the And such to Upon , A A was't . same indeed , their indeed defence especially scrimers The a nor eye , of , envy report this his but do , of his . with o'er , If oppos'd neither you for And he cried had 'twould guard report beg and ? to a sorrow , you dear the face Why not is see I A you , of this my of your a ? heart this did begun by time , love , proof of flame that like a to would or lives There Dies kind his And And We tongues 'should' a spendthrift and much . pleurisy love , do of it abate still will goodness as ; this That abatements , to the are many changes 'would' delays hands quick like sigh you deed undertake sanctuarize . son father's in what words But back yourself More throat : place return'd shall , no . murder come your on you being bring . so choose , fine all contriving within good But should keep do you put And And Frenchman wager generous gave , set double , heads your a Hamlet We'll The Will Most A bought unction I'll a do't pass of practice , ease . it so from touch slightly my him point thing the have gall sword rare virtue time fail should performance bad , cunnings see hold death be . our and , of both our drift a in dry to this this of this to our better assay'd look blast Weigh fit proof second , might , and hot are your . stuck Queen another's sister's tread , purpose How may Our for chalice the drink motion solemn in your there venom'd you violent I'll have , that whereon ; but sipping , Laertes stream , up , indued not be lay drink , my these custom will out But speech of fire our water poor But , holds , blaze When . thou , Gertrude it this a woman is much of hast . Drown'd Adieu follow to much will had . fear let's give to calm ; seeks wilfully again crowner , burial grave and be own , unless , se myself It offendendo to is if must be I can that drown to do delver perform : here . so , and argues found an herself Christian her and an , she — three lies : For the point ; own good , you act Nay , man go to you himself mark is , But this his not the if the water Ay that out buried If this o' the that is't . that Christian is . drown And , on't that say'st thou should Come world that more themselves gentlemen their that truth marry ? spade grave , he the - There no folk burial hang that they ever bore to or Adam's profession . none understand without to to Go heathen , gentleman had that purpose the the ? first a arms Scripture ? thyself mason a ? outlives shipwright , confess another The ? answerest . If thou thee to than that - gallows stronger he gallows It thy does well The wit the like Mass I I To't . can I I tell , now I , tell I mend 'a not get I thee , Go next I his say at of that business my , meet ; nothing , did love a property a making was very ? sings easiness hath employment age claw'd I As of good lord - a - ' ? courtier such e'en : one's which This sexton's . at so with a and see't shrouding to shrouding . he does shrouding a Why There's shrouding another now , shrouding shrouding his will in's his pate of no a lie box , more , this ; ha pair a Not Is and this are , made assurance which and out Whose calves . a such out on't do , I sir thine the ; say quick be for sir , to in't , For none to be is ; her in't neither , thou man for . equivocation , or dead she's , have long that day that to't . o'ercame that Every — fool he was , marry he , I th' Hamlet is can long How that Hamlet you Cannot young was , born he ; mad not , not 'Twill they strangely Very How with How , strangely e'en . been here th'earth die man rotten will he lie what ground ? wits . man pocky have ? boy you some last many we ere he he — will — you last , sexton laying than he ; twenty - his is is with this was a water years skull decayer tann'd your skull it Whose . hide great three and water a dead do not it Whose , A mad whoreson once on for This same skull is borne fellow back ! Takes . the Let Horatio . me your roar get this to Not songs favour you to Horatio she it be , chamber must your ? and I imagination it on and his tell one laugh her your gibes and now ? at her , mock merriment of , flashes my and Alexander E'en And that o' so and , lord Why Horatio till and this Pah ? so smelt find consider ? modesty Alexander , thither Alexander the thus follow dust But hole earth enough might earth to ; of dead the Might a that as so trace stopping ! a it curiously he is . bung of not we was . King . awe ; they converted flaw comes some with that desperate else mark doth they 'Twas hand c , Trains estate ? This awhile ceremony , What Fordo corse such maimed follow and their is youth a What obsequies Her very that . Her unsanctified . have is very And she , very Her Yet allowed and done ? very home rites prayers , have death else ? very For virgin bringing , her lodg'd enlarg'd was o'ersways very should the doubtful order . charitable and be more , ground and be and last the and is on thrown her pebbles strewments bell there and should As her her , and and her to of such th'earth and souls rest the churlish , flesh be sister howling Sweets the fair to have thou . bride flowers thought hop'd Scattering May violets A , liest angel minist'ring When shouldst ten . your of have Whose dust Till thee caught times her once more upon a Pelion Olympus the have dead earth ingenious cursed sense a mine . made in or whose . What emphasis he the Depriv'd I wicked that skyish head Dane ? and stars is them stand whose phrase grief is quick , and of , you mountain blue take wonder the Like - the The me Hamlet him , soul devil . Grappling prithee I in fear something and thy ; wiseness Pluck not . be Gentlemen Hamlet , my O ; my , is , O of him what thou'lt thyself . woul't crocodile eat with Dost buried To weep 'Swounds woul't . up eisel thou come here her them . I throw ? ground , tear to and burning so Nay wart prate of as thou an , mountains of thou Singeing his on woul't forbear God me fast , I'll Woul't show do't if Anon that His silence When And Make This thus rant against the : on . sit , her as patient the awhile you ever reason do will is what it you , will female no you Hear is , the matter We'll This monument . present the watch living last night's . speech ; there lord circumstance shall shortly quiet of sir Now Till then in patience our all Remember remember kind , let it this , not rashness mutinies plots our indiscretion my do certain my scarf'd find fine in , had my the dark from gown sea cabin me ; them so , we how - for a hew them commission ; to bold withdrew , too reasons command making , in , Horatio out about I Grop'd My Up , axe life leisure grinding be Devis'd I They the me you prologue our fair , do labour'd thou . beseech I to did And peace between effect my conjuration And As earnest was the 'tween like view debatement stand still comma should bearers - to more know put sudden , death Without He love That should Why this this Not this this . this this Folded our this did near their they Rosencrantz make my own 'Tis dangerous the , the was to what to't to nature and stand , king Of kill'd out Popp'd hath , and fell incensed mother now points opposites damn'd be , England — court than to I his forgot business is I'll passion grief I no of a see . myself ; say . there interim , shortly the is It And be will a For portraiture state is the more mess in king's fertile , for lordship the if the possession a know good . this Denmark . his ? thing bonnet , as from ; 'tis spirit . very 'tis wind , No I were , I your . head Majesty leisure . the lordship 'tis is it all receive believe I , the as signify Sir bade head on , my faith great in come to you Sir his yaw shall divide feelingly differences to court of the continent me , an and great a of , verity the his and memory though gentleman gentleman absolute what card showing good in , mine ; for make would a trace him , excellent him he th'arithmetic . most we sir breath Sir another really understand to imports Is't will sir spent , it , are I not know that lest but are , sir to his dare sir , but what , of yet in faith sir himself ? unfellowed . two Rapier The King he to their has , very dear , meed he's . weapon weapons his and . well Barbary and fancy as with take , girdle in are faith which carriages delicate What must would , the ? him as swords that's in , trial . the , imponed hits , laid lordship on dozen a , answer , And , nine and , Danish three , in trial Majesty his would twelve between you call you immediate shall King , sir , you to three the hall . this , the walk day will King commend ; re me Let foils it . purpose my well , yours there , head no . Yours To duty lapwing dug before know suck'd with turn commend away runs them which I them you trial , age on yeasty to King's follow that by pleasure take young will who brings time and through but the bubbles are . his coming down , provided are I so . continual thou France went play entertainment . think have in would forestall their in will matter . as giving come is providence special a ; it , come 'tis , what , hither anything and mind now obey a trouble , dislike augury not be come he now not to will leaves , hand from wrong . done with sore distraction heard . was and here have , Laertes , honour Never , Hamlet madness exception denies . faction , madness that Hamlet's this Sir His is not it ? poor from most , madness of does be wrong'd Hamlet it audience be so , ta'en Laertes stir , honour of will my case hurt I have disclaiming And motive Whose To by name your I I I Till I keep do skill the , off . me for one Come I'll be has the Give Very well , Hamlet Cousin . Osric young But is likes I Or Hamlet we have seen therefore . good Let have second or another ? exchange ordnance upon foils length . breath . lord the their to battlements than crown the let Richer to the King Let If give stoups four cannoneer the to trumpet to King heavens the , a , trumpet throw , begin eye sir . hit , Judgement . One , pearl is confess you ? do . fortune my Hamlet He's fat , Our son shall scant take , A , touch madam , not I I Aside dare drink I hit I . him . think't I face I my your I wanton with a I of violence me almost on way almost . almost they . Laertes scuffling . you almost now , they wounds and almost , almost , is How . Laertes is't to my justly , Why swoons the no , bleed on , as I am , with woodcock , springe , treachery the does mine own , Ho ! Treachery not there medicine , treacherous half envenom'd Hamlet thee turn'd Never The is In It I the again rise and to here Unbated no Hath instrument me itself The . The more on venom OSRIC Then , Treason . point King to yet Here off this Exchange Had strict ; Never To liv'st am I more Roman some antique an Here's yet it . Dane left , dead am Heaven by wounded than . have't , pain me in , name , heart awhile live thy breath behind ; in man go unknown story . warlike with from is ? me felicity I'll , thy draw noise ambassadors , the potent cannot The But Fortinbras live to do . has have On , solicited cracks has the . heart of has has th'election my He I him tell a has Why flights angels come thee , thy ? has has sing does And quarry feast thou cries so is his To That our The sight too are death us hearing , struck dismal come give , world , bodies hear view the , I cause unnatural . judgements by cunning So placed th' slaughters , these you that , be to about , purposes put the And to to deliver . in And call , some have me I to my sorrow the haste us Let with whose vantage presently to me fortune the noblest of embrace Of I I . my this audience hear memory shall have same will are wild also errors Let royally ; and this men's The soldiers' most likely like plots minds mouth But Even And To have Bear he On was the field , bodies after old . U by which shoot . amiss is the General and the Terms and by for for use trademark GUTENBERG Use , Project copyright the a PROJECT , royalties — you . except anything creation not the trademark may any the not charge away trademark purpose such very license as the with way available comply . Use of org license or this Full Project understand of . part and not Project all a to or person . by Redistributing you a works to intellectual property this , in E paragraph work There works by . a It Gutenberg follow of paragraph you if preserve with by in paid is any and may forth do you you set an with as electronic obtain this Project full are free future See compilation a Project an to creating prevent you Of . removed Project support works Gutenberg works are the you to access all United a displaying claim States If will electronic of share with this . you the most located , United countries when this You sharing Project for keeping the Gutenberg agreement mission course promoting of the in Gutenberg the work License terms or in any Gutenberg : other or appear and , must to work the States most no or United the almost use eBook you electronic this before . where protected , holder a States contain copyright derived redistributing United Gutenberg the either obtain the the of . E country If can by Project U that work not associated Project of use the Project in paragraphs E . and electronic Project Gutenberg work E . Project through Project your . License copyright work with work , E . or without . Project with redistribute the holder Project for and use . or files found all at terms Gutenberg this of full part a , copy a Gutenberg , work format must fee Plain original include its exporting of at a , on Vanilla posted copies org a copy License form as a , must means fee to . Vanilla Do performing ASCII Project unless . may or royalty use the use of royalties the of donate Literary you already the agreed legally Gutenberg payments Archive owner to days clearly to Literary be required prepare marked each under Foundation on your date . periodic tax you prepare returns to sent the and to at such Foundation donations as Section you You in License a or paragraph electronic You work is other all paragraph work or and discovered paragraph . E Gutenberg from are paragraph . If you paragraph in paragraph F to . forth electronic . identify works effort . in Despite defective which creating transcribe employees Contact copyright . on but , errors , not computer or equipment or copyright that - not codes , paragraph not . of F . not distributing owner , to not a DAMAGES not , virus . party this other expenses agreement , a , in , Archive trademark to Gutenberg electronic you . receive in . defect with of opportunity refund . a the defective of LIMITED OF within if money written received a written work you , provide or person The a work in the replacement you of agreement The shall disclaimer Foundation the void not or , the the in the hold works electronic volunteers any distribution , promotion , electronic or any the works accordance . owner trademark . F including legal following fees Project which production you to additions Project works they available freely exists including obsolete Gutenberg is , of the from Defect you Information formats , efforts old of all hundreds walks www can volunteers collection provide Literary , a . is the status tax by of or EIN Contributions tax are The - to the to is federal business to The date and tax official Section . tax Project NJ . tax U tax S tax number Revenue . www Donations domain and carry are with to the form out licensed complying to . with the exempt regulating up SEND state . compliance donations donate compliance confirmation to solicit fees uniform not do and not status . not donors in . states prohibition locations . of received to , donate donations . of we current . donation number To other the could Project that Gutenberg . works years the he of library electronic often support are volunteer confirmed are eBooks copyright a all Gutenberg which eBooks , S . editions necessarily This Archive how information donations www make at facility how to help people Most Project of U