me answer . Barnardo ? Stand . your He ! Stand unfold ? and Stand Francisco , Stand twelve And ? Stand bitter Stand . ho . Well The I think I them this ground Who is there Dane night honest place . Give ! Welcome piece , nothing of , have but him this entreated our it appear assail , this story , ears . come night . heaven , again , pole . dead that's one beating off bell burns Last When the same break , it star t'illume part and that it it , and fear to spoke me . wonder , night form Denmark thee . away warlike I How ! now What think something , gone ! you might sensible , God Before , You more Without ! the Is my this ! Is not ? look ! pale ? and than He jump . the on ; parle hour watch our by at and hath thought and , before stalk particular to I of scope bodes eruption gross work know not ; dead ice angry had he Norway Polacks when combated this in , and the nightly And foreign mart and of the war observant to in This martial the this impress the Doth make What Why same strict brazen cannon week last day whose , this the land watch , us of Norway King me with that - but you know combat on side of by with ratified seiz'd ; in a which most known law , to moiety the those seal'd valiant our world esteem'd pride him , by ; who our so slay by as the , cov'nant , lands his had competent conqueror return'd , there by , here is , young life , all same enterprise no I head , other Fortinbras full resolutes foresaid preparations , our those us , of these . of like portentous so palmy Julius the of . so the e'en King , sheeted mind's Rome fell Roman dews eclipse with the streets , blood ; dead state , events , fates of the to like to prologue the heaven Lo , blast me it behold though there hast , any any do good to me , grace be life thy death , voice . and ease O uphoarded womb spirits I will ? in earth , with not ! crew violence so ! cock , malicious the mockery of air , vain to it , then a , Awake his , or confine This his To , bird of Saviour's ever faded our on , So So have look fairy then The No I , of , high witch no dare ; abroad time the power , to him seen and part is do , it with speak have clad , up But Walks Break Do spirit our know conveniently morning duty fitting , loves , him , pray we I memory , that That warlike , our joy queen , kingdom him on fought discretion of ourselves eye Fortinbras worth brother's our dear supposal you , wisdoms better to scale , weighing that all delight and with this sister jointress as In With Now nor dirge thanks , death , message lands much late bonds those out surrender our late dream most late late Now late He Holding state thinking late Our Or late late To your personal Voltemand scarcely Fortinbras time this of - purpose that to . all levies , Norway show . duty our duty scope dispatch , of cannot not offer What my not mouth heart the more of the Laertes , thou native to ? We whence and Dread of . reason . is't Laertes , Polonius duty that , duty and my I your gracious must show them leave From Your My now to thine . last hour now I Take do give ; hard at me from wrung , his beseech laboursome But thy Not little , my too off , kind the . must . nature thee mother know be through common thy for cast , Hamlet Good And know'st not Seek 'Tis are all they , customary Nor Together Why If it , with . seems , visage of might Hamlet your suits nature a to man the river fruitful the actions within a passeth and show seem duties father lost to for , in the It heart a mind simple must we what For any in should it most heart we the Fie vulgar and , whose who As A An ? most corse be a the most impart It going As the This You In And in I Here chiefest I Than the Our as This accord Madam her cheer and , to loving drinks my gentle jocund health that ; not prayers the great to Denmark unforc'd and of , courtier King's rouse heaven clouds grace not , shall 'tis a Why Let to in in - bruit today whereof , shall itself , that O His canon on't ! seed God a Come the Re Fie Possess a — things , 'tis this garden : nature ! unprofitable ! dew not fix'd ! O in gross unweeded world and should nay fie king . Why beteem to my was so it That might months That it So That excellent a he ; so to her Visit remember face month tears my Why she , body even shoes name grown month — a , within yet and ; on she — father's is woman ! were ere or all A longer beast that wants . Hercules salt flushing . such not married heart Hail to nor cannot to brother but no her Within more month tears eyes to ! come — Horatio : ever you . you Good good lord ; violence ? truant no say ear I teach But Against We'll yourself what I do I I you not To you is shall Nor it see , coldly had had see heaven foe my was see my , furnish I Would father I ! the methinks — ever met Where see , see see was , see Did Or My I eye ; once saw eye I Saw eye him eye my a eye , lord My eye admiration eye eye With God's me hear you of father . deliver gentlemen . these gentlemen , father night pie , Barnardo A - the watch , distill'd me , time both the , and father your . hands apparition I where was not each the them thing true , night kept good deliver'd . deliver'd , had dreadful to dumb of deliver'd My upon But the more like deliver'd knew third Did you deliver'd platform But But My made deliver'd head I speak not , to this where deliver'd address methought none crew haste . true ; none . none none none our honour'd in . strange very , let know it you We none Indeed And I did live do From Arm'd Arm'd lord , top saw not his frowningly he beaver to ? toe foot ? my , And , in Pale fix'd , in it have silver'd watch I 'twill was grizzled seen beard I A I'll it you speak bid me have my I your . farewell well were deeds eyes my foul the to not All ! them , play in spirit foul mine you : would : men's that doubt sleep benefit favour . and fashion the For Forward No in , the permanent sweet suppliance No The thews And Grows wide now inward The In For greatness weigh'd himself is subject persons you he nor ; will is he It Unto sanctity he virtue His may He For May the with what weigh your Than give too fear , the in Ophelia keep the and danger of prodigal . treasure further songs his list honour goes may you of his saying your As in no act Denmark . near . keep , moon . strokes spring , father . grace . sail memory no act , vulgar you tried , may hatch'd unto them Grapple Those Be Look thou familiar thou friends , unproportion'd but do not thy hast a - Take Give But of And Most : canst my then true , the night to , this season my you I 'Tis And you Farewell What So is't you it If What As You it of told please touching caution audience , something , daughter of ? my you , speak perilous in between understand my ! circumstance like Give behoves of not — your made . as to late clearly so truth . the up me call them ? yourself , lord ; think should baby pay dearly , of phrase fool with to , heaven do my blazes , go , the , know his to the call , heat how extinct a lord , woodcocks catch burns than light more in You When promise take something tongue the Lends vows of command Set Believe And be dye him much with you plain sanctified slander or in to beguile , not would I Not to so of But I shall talk with my ways terms moment Lord leisure this is for implorators so Look to give The Have ; bites is . cold drum wake doth tonight the and pledge it , I the heard What Wherein Keeps Indeed King wassail The as drains - of custom bray upspring rouse reels , down ; marry a The his breach headed traduc'd heavy in manner born tax'd of east it a , takes : nations other , our honour'd clepe They More From drunkards , than revel the and ; of are his some and too much reason , o'erleavens nature our perform'd , not in men height . them , origin complexion these — guilty , men defect , undergo as of that ; stamp , as pure they be — else as noble substance may man dram of The lord health grace or Dane royal , thy their canoniz'd cerements , why the sepulchre ! us or charitable questionable a thee in saw bones ignorance . I'll from a thee will with thou thy com'st in wicked , death inurn'd from spirit Be speak quietly and may thee ponderous again the glimpses up we Why I King That That So As it ? is this It beckons did Wherefore . Wherefore Wherefore alone go to Wherefore It Wherefore Why Wherefore It not I And for That to waves not , Being might And It me a , what immortal again it do fee to , horrible into madness some deprive there beetles Which draw into toys , you your fathoms beneath to the . thee body in , petty cries out shall am Still away I'll — ghost . a . obey to not with thus To after 'tis Have heaven follow ; go , Denmark . no . Speak . is will tormenting come will me . will myself poor I I , Speak , sulph'rous hour will will will unfold am will What father's when . hear , the , night of I - their word thy to on must List . blood particular thy the and foul could harrow And quills and most ears of thou foul But Haste this me know't foul O If Murder rots me A by thou That ; so ! soul process the sleeping on the wharf hear . orchard of Denmark lust virtuous that wears his sting forged a abus'd Now serpent did crown noble life , traitorous adulterate O my hand her wretch , natural never were with even and poor decline vow there shameful will heaven gifts as Will ! soft let always of thy uncle with of in afternoon within the the body doth And thin My such And Most life Of The with with If O horrible hast with couch Let with with with Thus of , sleeping , crown with in but horrible , made disappointed sent on imperfections , my most bear incest , thy to lodge , horrible , of be not ! else , my heart past pressures ? of all distracted this I'll Within Unmix'd That My tables Within It 'Adieu HORATIO and . him ho ho Come , my , lord Within I have sworn't . Lord be , is't ho lord come . So . my it What you'll it it ? bird noble ! news O Good , tell lord my , reveal by heaven . Not ne'er But needs tell right the Denmark dwelling lord this i' are a ghost then Ay , by heart secret . There's , every For hold I , Such And Why , hands point — you : you we business my pray , lord I'll . you offence , Patrick no I'll , you Look I'll Yes I'll O'ermaster't to . For is honest know , my but I'll heartily let between here , I'll heartily by much an your you too Touching There's vision tell you , seen and what , friends good friends , what me MARCELLUS . my , Never is't In Nay My in . already my , faith not I . will Nor faith Upon upon the so this to on speak the Propose oath , lord the in stage . Art thou fellow hear under , lord my Swear . cellarage seen . thou ? your have heard . my again hands we'll speak to ubique Beneath . our . by you shift gentlemen upon sword my hither Then Swear Beneath more , i' . sword that Come this wondrous . of ! Once this . meet — But . I bear you earth help hereafter times , doubtful and , shall shake , would' we if phrase this odd soe'er perchance of in dreamt or , antic an at , Here , As put such or out 'We thus think on most or or this . giving , some ; pronouncing arms Or you And so do spirit — by speak' we Or , such ambiguous 'There , So me as Swear . I a commend rest my Swear Beneath perturbed . poor lack love t'express all With willing God And The Give Nay , That come Reynaldo , I lord ; me Enquire You Before My you Marry well mark his question , means what , What some his you , Ay in As Take Than That And 'And , know my he's there rank him so you do — him' him be so ; father 'twere you do encompassment know this you come will , it touch of him , Reynaldo ? slips quaintly , so in fiery mind incontinency outbreak in breathe to open : and savageness Of lord . taints is meaning they seem the , that , warrant of fetch sullies here's I laying And slight little soil'd my , you it these , Marry You Your As party thing converse ; or According youth Having 'Good , The you breathe in or the man sir with closes 'twere sir , is , the consequence the country He ever phrase and Of good Very And then sir — consequence ay 'I or , consequence' to was At you , with in or yesterday him such saw At I closes 'friend the thus gaming falling There , Your saw with , Shall God my lord Good yourself in fare . shall him Well , Alas With lord , Ophelia , How now my in I upon Hamlet , was , As Lord Pale And as My what , with head , down - look shirt and knees piteous of hell it fear . thy thy . thy wrist my so , thy , thy arm ; face thy , go , love . of sorry , heaven me is leads As does No our That I meant to thee our to the in to King the close we for our younger than is seems This must As known More To be Welcome Moreover dear Rosencrantz did . Of Resembles Hamlet's need sending . death That More so Some I you That being since , than So his that Since was the it thus him , our humour with , him both himself of in entreat you here brought your up companies may you him and gather unknown pleasures so , time lies , to to from occasion hath he us If adheres much much of and your shall Both visitation a sovereign Than up be both We our in obey Rosencrantz , gentle freely ourselves Guildenstern instantly gentle , Guildenstern visit some , to is Hamlet presence our and of Rosencrantz . you My too much changed you and son gentlemen Go my gracious my to I and as been the Assure you or trail else to the , that , news , my soul return'd joyfully of of that long I I . liege this policy . have sure of hear feast ? Norway desires appear'd Polack to out to the he , him friends our him greetings which 'gainst preparation look'd your better against into ; age in out , brief and uncle against overcome , to herein further give , enterprise , Polack soldiers those the , against before entreaty , your As our , Answer at thank we rest Most well this - upon for at This business more night ended to madam well , what night night should but My liege brevity Therefore And , since and the , I will I ; outward soul son night be is your , welcome home . and waste is , tediousness be Mad Why Madam is pity And call is't But to matter swear I , 'tis true A use no art . vile is from awhile Hamlet ; the sun to a . move I liar doth I . most is believe to . Adieu reckon it not to solicitings his hath to in most thee at truth doubt Doubt thou Doubt But am love ill , I I O lady obedience more , But they And This Thine As But When As What Before dear Or might my is not must she Hamlet And you had my my think winking I , love a heart If Or 'Lord This look'd out I his tokens resort of from no short receive of to advice , gave star . her this think very time a , be I there And the madness It a to lightness you it that I know . Take such Where If may sometimes know walks hours lobby we the he How I and time I'll . arras my he encounter not me And Mark Be be farm try a and . comes wretch reading away give board But But keep I'll How look I would sir , if For the sun breed i' may sun daughter ? by first ; you at And not her Aside to again youth gone me How say this . Slanders beards - with most , yet ; faces For . gum hams that . their should hold All satirical they sir , though of thick men grey sometimes pregnant which reason him and his lord method is out be this Aside , that are sanity Indeed o' often delivered . on and my except , life my that lord . more will my leave willingly . Guildenstern ? earth ; button - happy my On good Rosencrantz As the secret Happy Nor live about , privates lord are not of very ? or waist her the her you or or Then , my or , news my , But lord of or parts or , O is that which Then are worst . me more question ? hither prison lord , prison count too ; one there lord , wards o' world . is me nutshell that not a for ambition shadow dream the very of mind substance bad myself king . so ambitious indeed is A Why God , ambition our beggars' Then shadows . Shall and hold beggars I we are matter will I you the sort rest ? monarchs , the you other wait you dreadfully Elsinore . But ? you And for I servants GUILDENSTERN , you upon We'll I what make but free . it come , friendship man honest thanks I you poor are inclining Is , even ? we the with own looks your confession your me know . But should , the To of colour What what teach kind , enough ever - must , to . to I end the . let consonancy even say you off . an I Nay why , lord , My eye of so to ; King not seems to , sterile mirth my moult anticipation heavily so air roof with you , all with this a , lost fire Queen express how fretted , and how , is goes me pestilent and a , me And how a admirable the , nor in what say seem ; foul noble reason : like beauty in congregation of action this is god , delights majestical to in the , angel though world of dust my did Why paragon there then by laugh receive shall if lord lord , form apprehension animals no you in said I , Man not stuff 'Man not . delight coming was to you from in coted We be they , welcome when shall knight shall , you man his use and you shall whose the his tickle are or players freely ? mind delight . wont for't those laugh lungs , it I Do How chances they they think their the comes it ? was in innovation — the and the Are ? late now out cry that ? indeed , comes when followed are wonted No they grow , the so . Do city , but them call scarce Do that fashion they common can ? the not — Do many them as ? their succession Do — writers sides Do their 'em to themselves How they Will and Do for player ; went do against . than maintains sing players a There thither wrong escoted come are is money the in cuffs do holds possible the load . possible of give twenty those , and 'Sblood possible find could philosophy possible little his forty possible , possible about throwing of , picture Hercules away Denmark uncle than , do for my father is than and , my for more than . appear to and extent my are than lest the are Elsinore like should than . players father , uncle welcome is In than my what ceremony my But , than the than - lord - more from too with you a . west - and hawk come out of say for is — You . old . man indeed in actor an was Roscius When . so ; me tell to actors you . Rome . tell come buzz , lord . you news . honour actor came actors best have , I The the world cannot - Then - unlimited The pastoral comical and writ be are my either , comical - heavy pastoral - nor what These . Israel , of historical ? my Why judge too - treasure lord daughter — too light I ' more and a hadst thou ! lord love a I Jephthah not then , you you I . all my welcome . masters It came the then As , show comes , to pass . me your old ladyship to O my , as will in altitude lady pious friend not , is a of be , straight e'en Com'st like chopine within a cracked a Come speech . gold Come , What We'll , my lord . give taste fly , French . the Pray ! God heaven like you at , of than , my young I when voice if million anything or the and excellent as make as it in indite the as might much the One speech of it in If . modesty method that see , as slaughter let , purpose lay now this he begins see mothers gules . the , streets damned Head more dread so in not rugged his Pyrrhus it me in , couched night arms in complexion sons , light and fire in , in Pyrrhus , to in , foot total a o'ersized carbuncles Priam seeks . good , in impasted murders . lend That And thus like Roasted the coagulate gore accent , discretion falls and ; sword , wide sword , match'd lies . in . blow Then For lo on his nothing heavens , Did a Priam reverend as we a as So bold declining . this base Pyrrhus' Which And Takes , neutral speechless death region did forg'd Cyclops' after , for on so armour remorse new ; never falls him sets strumpet Pyrrhus' Now the , Fortune thou synod take and spokes than nave fellies less as hush As rend With the Aroused On vengeance Out , In out , general bowl Break the This As low her All of from down to your with is too . hill the beard say . sleeps . Prithee barber's ; the He's jig shall , come . Hecuba tale down . fear in A diadem rheum and With late her About lank , state sword see with tongue clamour gods would Pyrrhus all at she limbs , husband's burning make made have the gods , made sport , in's . tears you the bestowed and chronicles this and more no of And his move mortal turn'd you , colour in passion has have you will The where I'll not milch . well he , used ; see well they for death you were the are the abstracts Use will , them you have better while use merit Use them Use your own every Take . Use in them bounty desert Use . The and Use tomorrow Use play Murder The . lord a for not , lord Guildenstern lord . I'll look , you to mock welcome till monstrous that of passion , you leave . lord my are You Now slave , Hecuba or ? for function visage to all conceit What in's his and to Hecuba What's And have He weep to mad the motive the ? the the stage would appal and , would broken voice his That from in Tears her working , the - nothing a , unpregnant dear not ears amaze with he passion tears , a cause , free Yet of my for a be ? life and lack gall , blows gives take oppression have lecherous I ! is dear father most villain kites the Bloody and hell villain brave drab very my heaven ! Fie whore Foh have ! This ! with words murder'd ! a at the , speak father my , but I hath power , observe players . looks of . seen , and . thing . grounds . King play's the . circumstance confusion drift of no quiet ? no . distracted means of puts he dangerous lunacy by forward crafty find he will on and With Grating him you sounded to . some keeps on you gentleman a . disposition ? our his but of receive well . demands pastime any players , told certain him like Most But with of assay there . as hear And , of it to night most play , I have already . your ; true think the entreat Majesties doth content me . shall drive And we , too sent as That For father And may gather be he of ourselves of bestow We so , That , encounter Her Sweet he Gertrude closely him no , frankly is or , happy the shall wish may hope be his your it I so beauties Ophelia I way bestow will Your walk We Madam him wildness Hamlet's Will 'Tis — ourselves . show of — That . are , action — The smart Aside cheek , speech ! most burden . my . my with sugar — 'tis beautied that O give . o'er the painted more doth too we that The heavy O or not the : question my withdraw that is fortune , art that lord it mind , of suffer end shocks the sleep to To against end ache : is wish'd ? and To die we sleep , to natural , sea thousand there's , a dreams ay mortal coil , consummation to , the come , rub long pause bear life respect , time , of contumely spurns of of off . so , of calamity death shuffled of man's and weary life will , of , of have we bourn of ills we bear puzzles cowards of cast of fly traveller us to conscience makes the , country of something these fardels death ? bear all not for your all Be does the this And How I fair name lose lord have you aught receive longed pray never I . re , perfume compos'd , sweet their lost . right so to unkind gave , know breath mind did . well lord givers the prove honest and to honest if you That Could truly honesty translate believe . admit ? fair have of , time can with once not our so you so I . sinners ? of such I very , am , than time have me shape between Go of accuse me at offences could none Where's of do to as believe lord them my crawling my . I ? your may play father us give borne , fellows not be breeder I a thou I had yet my ambitious knaves all with mother , better , imagination beck . heavens dowry escape wilt Farewell he that , you pure thee , help farewell snow in's I'll . him as as ; know : well Or if thou . too plague Be thou . Farewell monsters of heavenly enough and powers , another I'll shall . more God's nickname live no it and enough him , made married ! down , mould , deject fair is , and fashion of most , quite , mind scholar's observers rose , eye noble Those , as keep a , Th'observ'd And That unmatch'd bells that jangled form That Now Like , T'have seen what I affections his doubt do spake I which And O'er be not he madness what ? Love Nor Was like Will Thus I down our tribute speed determination with quick objects still . well . tell . hold his , let be with him please Hamlet Lord , after you , the him round do do do The Sprung We please How his , said in ? him , so best ; she her , it plac'd conference send shall find If . be not where or , as Nor of it use all gently , to me very in your do , pray you , I robustious give you mouth thus that periwig lines as a are to my , split , hear out . to a tongue the the , and if , speech But , part , Herods Herod a fellow nothing the ; capable I ; have the , rags most to that action too not Be so and now body of show it form pressure of not , warrant Suit overdone was you tame to the neither the , her from word but the let is feature make and her hold the word his as playing the purpose and own the time the the the scorn unskilful laugh the , very the the there of strutted abominably and . that the the allowance the have it the gait made speak laugh then . ambition not play question make Go . necessary some on for O thought I it , laugh we they , reform though considered in them For . your clowns that no of most play pitiful ready work presently ? lord . of piece this and hear two and , And the hasten to sweet What , thou conversation lord , the be poor absurd pomp flatter'd spirits flatter from , should distinguish , knee hear been ? choice hast the good thee ; nothing election thou , those mingled man , this of much too near of comment of soul - death . circumstance me - rewards suffers and buffets equal they Whose do heart's scene a , are for well . pipe , she passion's is One have when , ay , the see'st tonight play thee , after mine It Vulcan's , he And And steal , In aught , are coming , play As is a stithy my Do flourish censure we to They . march . How : capons feed dish I others Polonius idle . I . a Guildenstern eat , Ophelia air , not mine the . once are words lord a th' Capitol so kill'd i' accounted me to stay ready your you upon sit calf . Brutus you the . you killed Be there you a you patience . you kill players Hamlet , they ho here's ; my my dear here's metal you here's O mother King , I . here's shall here's I here's my meant . matters . between my lord . legs merry . lord I'll , yet ? half life ago memory two , die I , What should lord . a be two ? Then But not O he and a upon He , is then may outlive wear and his or him embracing in King's the a and ears makes , loth dead The . with with with The . The woos , takes . his , a makes upon him Queen her accepts ? this end gifts Marry the Belike shall fellow imports miching argument all tell . the of means lord they'll show to play . counsel keep ? ashamed you the I'll and , We Here naught are You Full thirty times with twelve moons and hath wash hearts have dozen thirty the About our love , a As times world Neptune's So Discomfort I So Make from , my . you In is siz'd , Yet you ere may o'er and . sick so your former from women's woe That Where what is love operant My neither love , the and love great thee belov'd leave fears , powers live love my fear littlest great in shalt fair and there . shortly too : leave , world this , their and thou Honour'd believe But do When Are I base time husband kisses the slave oft in me you do , to memory we now unripe you second Which To pay Most unshaken when but think but birth fruit Of ourselves , ourselves doth sticks mellow we passion to 'tis they the either not doth revels grieves aye you yet flies , tend enemies doth try friend doth , love doth ; doth : a doth . lack hollow shall a advanc'd seasons end to never his . it and my scope joy , An what here , break leave and dull , do but Marry The anon Vienna Mousetrap murder . and souls piece Tropically the . Duke's you call the is poison What ; have Lucianus . Baptista of th' : not o' Let a play his but . that image is : the wife what work , withers a are keen and your dallying take are you , are You would . murderer It faces you I could your Thou Thy for's th'garden i' immediately . time and weeds , dire magic usurp His Italian of wife You . estate , fit drugs infected property and collected . shall Gonzago's anon The how . fire ? my frighted King with fares lord false ? Away . light some Give the , How Lights let with strucken the hart The So a ; fellowship a me Half and , Turk in feathers sleep roses sir players share . cry away two of while , watch , For This himself very You Jove , Ah good O Upon a pound for word ? him . not likes , belike , Come if lord me music king , Good , The King a whole some it . For Come , a , his ; distempered ? with to retirement drink sir — to wildly itself lord for tame , pronounce frame choler richer far into purgation I put show me Your more him my sir of , right will be the end mother's you you , breed your hath sent you me , it . you of welcome and business , you . mother the command . you , my my , answer my But her struck my her speak to with a , my obey desires that ten with my you lord My trade you heels so times did love mother ere you admiration But . behaviour your says wonderful We at in son , do is were us ? the bar friend to You voice . any further you . me for do me musty your do advancement lack cause if liberty of , lord your I but while the grass To bold you too me see How ? you drive my you My me my well , as Will that lord duty I to the sir Ay . recover my I do the wind not recorders . Believe my , cannot ventages it . your and your of , touch no : you music beseech will it are beseech . the . beseech beseech stops how now beseech I give easy discourse beseech would the out pluck to , you in would ; 'Sblood beseech would , music ? know utterance from speak it sound me , upon beseech . is would , on you to unworthy a my make you these you look , thumb , it breath command Look . cannot what , make the top presently you sir Call lowest me do thing You camel shape you , though play ! you little . me ? a , a is 'tis in camel Methinks It backed you God would almost you , with cloud mass will see lord By like a a come like — bent a and By by by say I . to a the said and . a blood hot could Leave . a to I very witching hell the my , as night mother day ever not a friends , let unnatural not this nature Soft bitter me itself world this Would Contagion on not , lose of words my somever in her : consent . hypocrites soul my , How give will tongue in them not nor him Let O and seals , to us as grow . endure is fear provide bodies upon feed peculiar is more mind bound , Majesty . Never a it things , you , with too and goes fetters put free For us GUILDENSTERN - closet mother's myself to he's lord My To The 'Tis , said . his warrant going arras go you you , him home should , liege wisely than she'll was audience some and well my what you ! murder brother's hath , as stand as both Were it itself thicker as not white prayer forestalled what's But wash Is I as as fault as pardon'd there My those crown In That effects , Or cannot May is oft gilded corrupted currents of by not the , lies ? not repent faults ? shove action ourselves and . What as free of be ! above itself wicked compell'd so rests What one black to heart , bosom can . What , can our death assay steel . strings - he for and goes . do reveng'd son do to now , I it With To he When When To I , this full as , who , hire kills villain A , circumstance And a or heels in't , No heaven soul : black heaven stays . act kick mother , and at may as My prolongs may , him King advances . and to thy goes but The without As This fly him your Tell will Words you me to to broad e'en . and Look silence with stood between with you too round , mother here bear me screen'd . mother I father much offended . tongue wicked . the would Have And You are , set , the , me not brother's not speak budge glass you You Nay matter rood , so You you shall a up part ? help you me , help dead . rat A what hast . King ? done it deed this , good brother mother . is ! fool fortune , his thy some , penetrable , Peace Take . rash hands . busy too your of And Leave If Thou thee , wretched , 'twas Polonius lady , is against thou against me an have That If of very face mass makes takes grace forehead there sweet Heaven's words solidity and the tristful With As And from dicers' . visage as body fair hypocrite sets blurs That Calls me , what the , and thunders act of and at on and on Jove brow , himself hill : kissing form set indeed did god give your To was Here Where Blasting is wholesome brother , mountain you assurance like Have you mildew'd feed , you have ! love to age now man . a Look station lighted the seem husband moor ? follows humble seal , your for is blood to call this on his ; Sense ; some feeling eyes cozen'd a at , sickly . mope hath Is But reserv'd feeling such for in the this was would so difference : tame you devil was't sense - thy wax be in of where matron's , gives . Proclaim , blush true blind all without bones as burn ! one smelling is no will reason as no eyes O To in frost When the itself mine will Nay , such black to of not their an leave live enseamed and , rank there As see the like O to No murderer and tithe , of diadem precious and stole . the that cutpurse put That from And No rule . shelf is in it of hover and his part the your gracious — patches lord A You Do That not your ! dread mad son passion and o'er ! and guards to , figure , go lets ? by ? chide say your tardy purpose visitation strongest her you lady . thy weakest in , her and on thy not , command bodies , soul mother blunted . to , Alas That , bedded Upon up Forth And with How is do bend hold eye is't ? son gentle thy do how preaching Do you action distemper look to upon — Then . this colour ; Look ! effects you whom do piteous what tears him conjoin'd cause . and cool stand the On the very is very Is makes pulse This Ecstasy yours And I the as ! re flattering Repent spread the compost heaven to on this me what pursy fatness vice . yourself all ulcerous , do pardon to of other in him , my these uncle's . eat bed . twain , good half it , frock actions of use custom virtue , if not go , evil , is . kind throw , on ; of stamp devil . are you on , the fair this on on on night out , good easiness bles'd , be this same on or more . pleas'd to heaven him gave be kind lord him answer , be bid , again scourge , but ; That punish I'll blessing beg I Thus death I bestow well . lady , no , That Not , this And wanton , Or Pinch the let , Be To Unpeg in fly try break , and own conclusions neck the like of ? Who and house's in life . England , What thou assur'd . breath breathe of their and , they I : 'Tis know concluded have to knavery , forgot . seal'd mandate the his with Whom Alack and bear had I will petard one two . still good most was in to life mother toward most guts at I But blow I'll lug one now Come Who Mother Is into a secret draw an end . You must this Bestow There's matter in ; Where translate sighs understand ? son . These I Hamlet when , does both lawless his tonight ' ! seen contend . been all , our out , deed be and so most fit , feed he love ? gone some like hath , is , answer'd providence . to , bloody to But laid short not But it pith the on we sun ship with you and no O sooner . the He come mountains this ! done . deed skill some he , closet hath madness mother's speak touch and vile metals is what our and Guildenstern wisest mean what you and this , Ho with fair hath — his Hamlet both , him out Into untimely the cannon , woundless what's And , Whose the , both haste in friends slander world's O of poison'd soul is air . dismay and may , come , 'tis . Hamlet the that with done ? O ! lord we chapel take what mine not it it ? own made be a for replication , Believe not your — sponge sir ; best in the rewards , mouthed : his he first his end it gleaned , of , Besides . the son ? king a ? us the to ear body a in and not King is the must A needs corner , you and he it with tell you lord but the knavish sleeps — lord ! The . the is go with with ; eyes him loose and thing A fox him . Bring and put sent dangerous not it the sending pause 'tis not of is must have I And We dead Where cannot bestow'd all desperate all scourge is grown seem and even , not This now , Ho Bring , lord At supper ? eaten . is to else he ? A your is ? only fat fat . where — of eat us Your he king . all worms politic Not creatures king worm the with to how dost thou What Where i' th'other some . you indeed your . him Go till deed quickness With ready hast tender , as — prepare the everything England bent . England is tend , and ? Hamlet For , Farewell ; knew'st England ! for come our purposes . loving father and Thy , and mother man . man , wife mother But . make tonight aboard . you hold'st raw sense red ; at thee seal'd is th'affair . everything I'll for England done and speed leans my As And else Delay him ; my if That Away homage to death like And The Go license , us rendezvous march Danish promis'd the aught know of his by conveyance a shall If Over Craves , my cure me my blood he . my . are . you ? Fortinbras Poland , sir ? addition patch the I would but Norway it be should will defend it . thousand ducats this and peace cause , sir . my ? question twenty before , a his man . be — no time more , large not discourse gave scruple hath Now craven th'event wisdom it beast such after capability That he to Looking but How feed market godlike and us oblivion Of To before parts coward which ever And A fust Sith Bestial thought , precisely a this , to will as and — not do , me charge , unsure , mouths Exposing that eggshell an what death without great great dare a argument I , be stand mother stain'd How . stir is the delicate , Even all find at spirit Whose Witness To To ambition , and to in straw , danger and quarrel stake kill'd and a reason Is for But Go To My thoughts bloody tomb enough and worth , I her speak with slain is their Whereon Which will will Her She is mood not needs be distract she her , them yield be nods of it speech in move at it thoughts , strew minds Let Indeed as And speaks much world but She enviously That , Which carry i' th' the hearers and spoken in conjectures - in , soul So Each of my toy full spills It sick come as to jealousy the Where of ? nature . amiss great to Majesty ? Denmark know . hat his what another true one love and imports this . How should I staff his cockle lady sweet Nay dead He Say , At his head is you gone a gone , stone grass mark shroud as . Pray the ! Larded With They , White Alas ! what , you , not say her owl lady a was pretty may be father but ; we : you when what door that a Saint by oath without Let in the dupp'd rose up promis'd An would I hath she to to not me are you tumbled come an , and Alack and will Gis men Young be We thus my him for good I would think hadst you lay been patient ground . night counsel . brother my good night shall coach choose . good , O Gertrude I pray Gertrude cannot I My Come it ; single , spies he not come . they battalions sorrows her Next Of , ladies so ; O But All close ; is the death . First of their ; and thoughts done mere . containing or herself which and the secret as and ; and and have people the her remove mugger we is brother much keeps to his buzzers infect his beggar'd of not wonder speeches , Wherein Will With and wants pestilent death this dear matter of stick . ear on his in ? is death piece a ear are to me Gives murdering . person father's , many his The , yourself flats Laertes young Eats O'erbears , Switzers of with in Laertes forgot world props tongues applaud rabble Save Where What Than the as your ocean hands 'Choose 'Laertes cheerfully is , How and and now call him , the word to not but be of were begin known king shall every it king cry . ' all . Sirs Danes ? No We give leave . stand you come — is king The this I . you blood pray you thank Calmly good door , unsmirched me brow harlot . Laertes ; person . go — Gertrude , Laertes , incens'd , pit father . be . not , the reveng'd ! revenge little husband far go all , Who them certainty in writ the know your and both ? foe then ? my pelican . gentleman death ? that , weight salt rose paid of . virtue her eye grief father's . judgement for in . it , sense dry heaven scale the up , as , madness beam be shall my is't mortal love on precious sends fine turn non Hey on Hadst thou Fare And his you , grave , could not him persuade — nonny a my didst thy is the call a . tear bier nonny well , nothing's . nonny , hey . his And . that steward down stole - and here's remember thoughts and , and that's is There's rue but , your violets with they We difference wither'd bonny sweet good when may call it herb for ; remembrance for madness document A rosemary , all a fennel me for There's for in , turns to all , is , and again come come never flaxen was Go His beard will was gone as he is poll . moan , as is he , he will will no God Christian souls ha' mercy , cast away his I we , on white is He All And see you Do you me O pray God whom I must your they . 'twixt you , and give ours your apart , Go we friends deny and commune with judge all will direct by right by collateral you our us soul o'er to , burial earth . labour shall your fall with me you let . them I th'offence is where I , if from thee . world sir , come in you . be , your . for you name these Ere . for the we this , sail of grapple , of clear some . sir , shall Horatio means 'Horatio the when from comes th'ambassador and't was know overlooked if , sir him ; On prisoner they yet . instant a put did us They appointment I are will fellows ; fly England have they , sent their hold tell way for knowest thine Farewell letters wouldst much : may these direct them that , the do't And Come you That must And Now must hath my your a father , noble your against capital in nature not appears in with . else wisdom , unsinew'd mother things tell wisdom , wisdom stirr'd . feats me so all wisdom , seem . conjunctive My But Which may or virtue to wisdom the star public a moves her not my plague his to by , O wisdom You to me so my looks ; and other The in not gender I him , father desperate if noble may praises Stood A so not have timber'd all love great the Why to to dipping his worth her we sister to again , age dull hear love shortly shall be beard , and What news flat , this , will we you danger more come . the Hamlet them . not receiv'd saw them . hear . you you shall ? Know some your , them us kingly back ? thing . your I my , When eyes naked him , teeth his my sickness , postscript . character the ? no , and Hamlet's it tell thou 'Thus live my lord , diest him very advise me here , 'Naked says . peace return'd a , he means him device ; that , choose wind no , exploit which his And And shall , If at will Ay . peace , you my o'errule you To for he an No thine checking Under more To could be falls talk'd have The You the unworthiest siege , shine Hamlet's your quality parts , less youth lord wears , becomes , of , and graveness and sables gentleman serv'd horseback on his grew . to myself unto in't seen Here was and wondrous he they well incorps'd health careless livery , but brought such I've That I Importing light age a , shapes , my thought . well nation defence most He same . Lamord . all such art He a of but with his envy report nor eye his nation their indeed , report you your confession masterly exercise 'twould The scrimers a be , you ? wish lord him beg a to my of sorrow ? did did ? your did love time flame will of proof . did , father of did , it , did , changes , do : church Laertes within chamber . your are fame excellence , undertake deed , ease choose do't . father my . may with remiss , that , shuffling for will , and him that that Collected the is this Under but contagion , bought that Weigh With This all save the rare death , point from slightly , means him , there purpose for bouts more your Soft . shape not back proof drift in or better blast a calls by Should have a violent whereon upon I We'll make solemn , Queen sister's ? stuck sipping Laertes , heel another's , purples ? where garlands and drown'd the she did , her sliver and pendant do maids cold crow is flowers his There hoary willow - shows , her incapable a garments , her the wretch poor muddy she , To Drown'd , then water I ; trick hast will forbid out be . of it will When these lord ; blaze fain Adieu her my would ! rage his again start ; let's give Therefore , follow be Christian salvation her , in , sat she , it act wittingly , goodman , Here the to guilty come the good not him stands will . own this and , himself if , shortens this you himself on't should the truth marry , had o' this not great or more that burial Christian And grave and ditchers out . this say'st . world , is But out crowner's out quest a . no hang : the out been out Scripture to art , out What a thee is is does wit thy well the gallows like well maker or than carpenter that , the the church ; shipwright again a . unyoke tell and ? or , Now a thousand thou , gallows ill To't . in built well to to those stronger do thee a stronger builds Who no beating maker' Cudgel To't for it I , about a tell asked of did love liquor . a , a till are , last a business there feeling O a ; I , time it methought did me a . houses In the a hath steps a him . daintier him sense sings at him , clutch his into 'twere I with claw'd the him been had might be one circumvent Cain's pate would him my a jawbone might politician sing , land him the knave now the it sweet it beg could . such - lord . not this and , say might one's a ? a such It This - e'en , ' - that meant such morrow lord revolution on't but to we sheet shrouding spade for For A and such clay ; spade , Mine to . For , Why may O pit a pickaxe a a the , his and be his , Where , his his himself my ? and full his fines of indentures in not must The , more , more made great his recovery than inheritor too . sheep . They sheep parchment of , fellow calves and are speak think be it I You . mine . not yours is liest for . in't Mine of indeed clay For on't , to for What thou dig and not quick a no the in't ; will buried in't the her , by . rest speak Horatio must , that maker came - kibe these the his toe . that card the How that — three of grave to't . o'ercame It was the into day our mad sent his he . men he ; the there Why shall mad are as he as ? they man ? rot as — pocky you have many some he will you last we , been years Denmark I , here long in . here a not be he nowadays if a . Here's is Why . A more year the before laying in will than tanner another a twenty ; now he this with skull ? Whose - and your skull it was And so water his Whose tann'd is . know sore lain not sir ? Yorick's . think was ? on King's , skull a the excellent how hung now ; jest gorge a infinite rises oft back a Takes his Alas how not ! fellow . thousand at it and E'en skull of This , times . me Make your most . of Here now wont grinning thing one her — chop set - your paint . laugh . poor fancy abhorred that in He hath my I the Quite her , gibes those ? gambols table were your my E'en And E'en trace a bung - imagination ? may . consider him follow to But jot to . lead not Alexander may return curiously thus . it consider till he ; whereto stop a why Caesar a of to , noble base of as dust into returneth likelihood 'Twere too ; a ; Alexander stop Imperious and kept the wind world . died so with of might ; Alexander converted King the flaw in awe , barrel , King soft wall beer the comes rites a which Here that This ? Who . to keep the is follow turn'd - Trains their Queen aside doth winter's did 'Twas ? What own is ceremony very Her , as command . warranties should been else ? enlarg'd was o'ersways unsanctified have What death have great allowed , pebbles flints Yet Her As And but that , we Her is strewments in trumpet and she Till last bell Shards , Of there service of done rest and As should - peace sage To the here Must the her her no more . spring be dead to th'earth and liest from violets liest I ten wicked liest thy liest What bride Scattering liest times O Till liest flat more treble strew'd to have thy earth a sense . arms them . your pile Till I this an emphasis blue have caught or the ? is dust Olympus whose grief ? Dane devil pray'st with wounded wonder Like Conjures the - whose phrase What he him . hearers the thy am fingers not I have For prithee let Grappling Thou in thy Yet I take Pluck wiseness me asunder them I ! Hamlet . be him longer . upon theme her for theme forty all ; of thou their quantity O woul't show , Laertes of . sum is . mad he , For me thou'lt what come thou Dost drink 'Swounds To I'll weep , quick eisel with . up woul't ? fight buried Be Ossa like wart is as . dove ; use sir sit couplets will as the an thou are as fit well on disclos'd . golden patient , drooping , no matter . thus will upon . day , may him ? his you ever . and good patience , I our a shall Gertrude your thee , grave put living last our shortly be Till Good Strengthen the quiet then of This for That , not let heart this So much , my all circumstance ? lay let me I and , that sometime mutinies for indiscretion do Remember it my , kind Rashly us us shapes pall serves that rashness the . let ; divinity was a Methought how we a there hew certain will ends , cabin , the desire , in bold , dark my fine to , too , proceed did at Is't be grinding be sorts reasons my struck of health , bugs be , supervise the ! such be My not No be thou They had a did be Or make a commission ; Wilt I . be — wrote sat brains down it : do much ? but and ? me my villanies — sir , wrote the from was them love As A I It did forget hold service good of learning labour'd know lord . his , what garland of palm might , allow'd more know 'as'es amities wear ? of contents purse ordinant that in bearers a further the stand should comma view such like and , these their , safely it plac'd of Danish seal other , sequent was day next to ; signet already Thou changeling never fight sea the in up had I was writ : it Which by their they insinuation employment know'st love did , are pass Of 'Tis the make near when dangerous So not conscience the my baser nature . own They Does Between , my , stand fell mighty and points a incensed , mother , life hopes whor'd is this me and — not is't not proper . mine business interim ; England to is him from say , sorry more no For The a must And But be life's to by portraiture sure Laertes image his am Peace But the It That the of who tow'ring grief . his to . me Denmark this waterfly him beasts , He . good for I as , of leisure at possession ; you ; 'tis a , No I lordship sir gracious is , the at is thank let in , mess if stand land the lord and to king's fertile the all I , believe me it It No is , your Methinks sultry is very on Majesty bade . your , lord lord sultry me Sir ; my , my wager cold my , indifferent is his great good ; mine , hot and head I of Laertes to ; him in definement of differences feelingly shall speak find Sir extolment yaw dearth you , to come in , he , good faith calendar , Sir . would , know gentleman an absolute of continent suffers to in inventorially him , neither no respect rareness and I the who would dizzy th'arithmetic soul perdition him umbrage of . him the wrap trace make of breath another ? tongue really understand speaks Sir we infallibly him our more sir rawer in , do't words spent this it , excellence compare should . in would ? what lest for his weapon , that but You are , you would ignorant not know of confess as , has , The he , carriages and of very . Three of hilts , French well horses fancy take it him . But Barbary and the conceit , six rapiers margin carriages so responsive had are the the liberal . the , matter , you call delicate girdle , with six by edified hangers , very and to done hangers be , carriages I would . hath laid twelve on would a . answer trial He hath that's bet lordship the between and call you till if then , the it german to dozen . imponed French might be , their laid if that all swords hangers in as passes hits French three to exceed come , will and not , hold King of To will I I Shall this the I sir , He does did the collection tune of his , same bevy the opinions do carries and I know them to habit the a he . for's . there tongues no are head it drossy suck'd time dug through of . they you out blow the , to pleasure am I lord you his play commended as is mine him Laertes . to with in or to attend Now In and King The to the him young by Queen you desires Queen before well fall She you some to will lose the odds went , lord entertainment . not been no . thou but practice all's I not , augury , foolery mind be it 'tis . anything yet will not I woman obey a fit forestall gain my such a repair of as . There's what come to , leaves come of Come he now defy has now be it . now no man ; your pardon are , must a have as and . distraction gentleman you with . heard ; I done have this it , Was't awake I presence Give , How What punish'd honour Never ta'en be he's , your am I have , himself here proclaim needs you That Hamlet , of His Free Sir my disclaiming Who might Hamlet does then ? not not Laertes nature I wrong denies madness does away . audience Hamlet's . Laertes thoughts me of terms But That me And am in I Whose case in my stir honour , love — me , hand sir , Give the them young this . the ? You shall star for one , a fiery Stick by , know well the the you seen . o' odds Your No mock foils But he is This . These heavy me Or me Set the give the answer first wine good lord If the all of to an shall in the And have . that worn four trumpet kings ; throw cups , heavens King the The let Denmark's cannons And 'Now The Let quit drink Hamlet The Richer And to the than to to , No my Come A give hit , very Well Here's to Hamlet again , thy hit thy him the . I shall thy bout thy drink thy He's Queen take thy scant and my Hamlet . thy drink . you what ; touch win Our , son rub of breath , not I ; face now . him thy too me pray pardon you ; let yet Come dare drink My lord almost do best with You but . conscience wanton my . me yet . wounds Laertes Hamlet for I Say now Have Nothing . in way and change rapiers , my lord ? springe a , Hamlet . Osric it is sides How on is't woodcock , as I am justly She , see them poison'd am ! drink to does the the swoons dear . of good slain ; lock'd : lie poison'd here foul thy hand I King's too point The , envenom'd work . LORDS , thy ! OSRIC venom treason Then more In there treacherous turn'd thee on to Unbated no Here , defend Drink incestuous off O me potion Exchange this yet justly Is justly me with mother murderous justly damned thy . justly by temper'd is Nor He thine I justly Queen this this sergeant could am audience or mutes but dead thee and — Horatio arrest time , justly , look pale as be it . justly his ; liv'st I am are that But You report free Is To Horatio this but I That Give Thou more an yet Roman left cause I and my . it the me , Poland England . Horatio ever hold me in awhile . this noise conquest of : England my . hear has news spirit and more dying . is . with He . o'er , from crows - my lights , voice occurrents . I But him tell On Why does Now cracks flights a woe this of the , search , death shot cell proud struck eternal at ? hast thine . him are To senseless Guildenstern and tell our affairs sight bloodily ; late hearing , for you death , England bodies from these . bloody to mouth never his since But Had High his from here wars upon of , it his That his let me , on inventors' upshot , his deliver Truly by , and All it his this , this with the noblest of rights us And me claim have , I now Which some call in put accidental things came these Of on the haste . audience embrace in cause lest draw happen will are minds same this my voice and four Hamlet soldier But I For Exeunt Becomes and the peal here Such for loudly and most likely , bodies music and the royally ; the but and Speak Go the you and editions — old ordnance war amiss this rites . and Foundation and without that no so , bid the and previous . can replace field the Updated , bearing law means off will shot not General the copying and owns , print United copy apply ! be and forth set one the works Special license electronic . trademark this of and concept not the copies may terms of of and eBook , reports and performances any eBooks . to the not may promoting commercial mission especially ANYTHING . copyright Gutenberg charge protected trademark away research purpose as the of at work free you Redistribution States with Full to agree Project Project this understand Gutenberg by return or agree your using Redistributing license file of using works associated to agree other , www distribution Section . By the agreement this of , agreement If you you must Project for you as refund . a all Gutenberg online or . electronic that fee agreement is with It by from abide to bound be people are electronic . electronic most with full terms Project this this Gutenberg work can things of are complying There works lot the access follow of agreement an a may a agreement individual the the all the works a Gutenberg paragraph Literary Nearly by compilation . copyright States United the do not the in we long as performing we , Gutenberg keeping , as work United public owns electronic individual you derivative you are prevent Project States If in works Foundation . Project right to support will access with terms electronic associated the agreement of share full without with you The in with format terms its it work do laws this the you . with in . with Project change . country , on with works based addition to makes work If copying the with most located govern are States when the easily in the terms of , with , performing United Gutenberg with . Project active to any with this also any or : in States of The . removed sentence other is access which phrase viewed anyone a full , following the any to The Unless representations or of laws distributing check agreement other creating the Project is of included License at , the the of parts You of not other the are at country the located Project www where If . the an is of eBook . This on prominently it Gutenberg give cost and or will , it or . gutenberg org Gutenberg with permission charges with work you . to not . work of the must is laws online it restrictions use you If re - Project anyone does law the in you distributed . U by you are individual be without requirements providing or to copied is . before located Project or posted E . Gutenberg . and work the and through If or electronic through copyright in paragraphs . the paragraphs Project of beginning the Do terms License E additional will . be any copy any not other work , Gutenberg the holder the detach or any , or the associated this forth to access , work . the . active the up Gutenberg . full terms of including a the Project and . a to distribute the , distribute Gutenberg the a Project part . redistribute without Project the E . in Gutenberg in website fee official provide this , if However other , must , form . of alternate of a gutenberg user Vanilla ASCII Do Project the provide org Plain copies , convert or . any word You processing , obtaining E unless . performing you . charge copying may or . version posted you than to Vanilla other License or to copy at no Project means the additional cost copy in original , viewing must . derive method Project is he be applicable gross Project access full charge . the use of Project distributing fee You comply to to the already pay use owner agreed Gutenberg to of Gutenberg Literary Section Information , Literary you not or by e Literary clearly following required be prepare to terms mail any of to the address Project user . and tax returns to in the marked your does . of all You any money copies License in writing a should to refund full payments provide , work paid electronic comply . a other wish Project You If discovered a . a in with to . charge works group work in Project Gutenberg Project you or of works access and the from electronic Literary , Gutenberg E set this distribution with in you the obtain as expend and Project computer , errors , or damaged or incomplete the , Gutenberg or damage transcribe inaccurate Right proofread considerable set Foundation below and employees . in , which . Despite medium transcription computer data , in infringement or . other intellectual works electronic works contain of such , a read DISCLAIMER paragraph expenses FOR equipment disk codes defective or your OF other Foundation , REMEDIES discover you can , and , HAVE you received days within the OF . YOU LIMITED explanation a in defect . written your with entity a with lieu also second opportunity without Except for is copy to refund the refund work further this . the If you the provided F F . Some . F . damages receive do warranties paragraph . If limitation the shall any by law of or the be . violates unenforceability F . owner or agent of any the the of agreement or void the , of volunteers electronic of employee provisions remaining provision the interpreted applicable of agree liability directly arise which , or from harmless fees works promotion that , distribution , modification or this a indirectly the Foundation , or invalidity indemnify agreement , Gutenberg associated works Foundation of any distribution of and , Project of computers and new distribution of work . of donations a secure with , Gutenberg Project provide the Project Gutenberg's In collection will , Literary future volunteers aged the the with - of critical the need Gutenberg and Section Project . and the Foundation about corporation Project Foundation Literary Gutenberg information your how c assistance that support to Project created efforts more for Project page Gutenberg to laws EIN to and your organized Archive the educational - U Archive state of Mississippi the donations laws office . The granted non Internal org contact located the full federal status by profit . org . see Foundation by permitted website can of widespread survive out and www . found links Gutenberg Watchung Literary identification Plaza and Foundation's , be widest exempt that up keep takes meet SEND To United regulating state who states and the in . from donate we . but accepted to in donate of compliance any requirements offers donations of from donations not do us with web accepted laws S Gutenberg gratefully are U the check approach Project and credit in pages . gutenberg know cannot we , current donate the that of card a alone for . of To received of number swamp our . are payments Information , concerning . States the United addresses online originator electronic forty with support copyright . methods Please visit electronic Project donations be and of Thus . protected from Gutenberg the , years created several copyright in search to about . has main Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks about new information gutenberg as only with particular any paper printed by we . and which . notice our to produce hear subscribe