Stand Stand 'Tis Stand Stand this struck twelve And relief Stand come You most Stand cold hour your Stand . Horatio meet do of Have think them I Barnardo has my , Horatio good Marcellus tonight let dreaded sight I appear'd . nothing seen Welcome , seen him this it eyes belief , Horatio What this thing but again the have I Therefore With let night yond And And , sit down speak Well , Marcellus that t'illume burns it break off the Peace When , then bell thee In Question it It that usurp'st majesty the march which Together In Did Most like . form buried of heaven By , it It thou art with fair ? is ! offended . speak Stay ! 'Tis ! How now , Of think Without not thou As So Thus before smote frown'd twice He , work of most of brazen watch , whose . war of shipwrights daily implements of tell observant he to and eruption by haste the ? with sweaty for down So Why And And not might Doth At Was Thereto you image That that labourer week him world which our ; by , most emulate of so inform - I that the , the from can goes now Fortinbras with life to those all , law who our to Fortinbras Hamlet valiant appear'd known a . last conqueror competent had the a in the ratified seiz'd which a heraldry by ; of young , here some enterprise , no , article the design'd as our by vanquisher To the And unimproved skirts of Of Hamlet the carriage gaged Shark'd food in't Norway , of . inheritance Hath So by his father think post of the terms it up hot and full , so land head hand . portentous e'en but in the . Rome blood star streets ; wars , eclipse moist fell the Roman dews the fire of in stood gibber the Upon Did And Was and and and trains squeak graves tenantless sick almost like to prologue harbingers to doomsday the and still precurse heaven earth Neptune's sun and Stay , again . events of earth fierce , earth earth earth ! earth ! voice earth , me be to thing good do thou , you Stay Speak of Stop Do , We the malicious crew thing , of so being wrong vain the , as violence mockery when air , that Upon fearful it to it offer it our is The , bird our crowing 'gainst is that of Saviour's ever object the dawning say and The It This on faded the cock . abroad , dare no hath do in gracious and , and him . this will upon Hamlet dew look But Walks Break o'er the us young , consent you Do bear To be Yet The far with our Together 'twere , one in Have With In equal scale funeral weighing and nor delight and dole in eye on now our with ; state , defeated our ourselves , with dirge freely thanks Fortinbras death , our gone , barr'd herein have we our and of us brother's worth , young , along , this Now Now is To and business is , fail'd the father is for : is So time purpose and is ; in : we and , full and , is his bearers For You suit , some of , cannot You us shall That The is have lord Denmark wouldst What to offer of reason , native What . thou the to throne wouldst of not instrumental thou whence show I thoughts My And you By He , his I do laboursome now bow Laertes Take . is Laertes Laertes Laertes Laertes Laertes Good 'tis madam , dust still on Laertes a noble , thy with clouds am Hamlet thine the i' off must . Ay it seems , Seems madam seems know , in good thee ? not No , alone Nay , it cloak forc'd eye , nature If it , I mother ; show suits nature these that have the your duties and within actions but But Nor windy These For they I That moods , shows of seem , bound , thing we An what to shows In must obsequious In Of obstinate stubbornness . is a to persevere . Take It A death the ; woe ' . father the no a unprevailing , and think of take , heaven , note , today you still hath throw our , her and our desire Wittenberg in retrograde to you . most dearest school and cousin I chiefest in is back prayers not to . Wittenberg , reply whereof Hamlet come unforc'd , Denmark us a fair you obey ; best son Hamlet , shall Be smiling No But Re the And O - King's as This canon Or that - flat , fix'd O ! this Everlasting solid flesh speaking cannon to thunder the great my to Thaw 'gainst Seem That Possess Hyperion two that self , to How and itself into a and so . of ; it As if might think — Why Visit So dead weary to to on ? roughly had ! two ! in gross come much , beteem too increase little Like O have A all month fed , But ; king , loving Heaven ere she of father unrighteous uncle mine poor , Frailty appetite the , father's discourse , tears my , she , galled to of . no married with , and or , With not she body were is woman old reason like that my those the My God mourn'd With Had flushing most such is , Than . married Ere more wants a most but Within , in salt Hercules month post eyes wicked it see forget myself . ever ; my my your heart to come my tongue . good , my to I Wittenberg , lord do to lordship ! poor your glad very And what friend Horatio so own say good disposition , hear truster my from , Good even sir lord . Wittenberg make you in that your are Elsinore truant ; do I Against But you your to was lord it my hard , do upon bak'd tables heaven Horatio furnish I I , I not seen Or My father ever I had forth , to met had Would . meats follow'd the day ? lord my , Where coldly ! that thrift He , take ? him his for a , he , once ; was methinks was not goodly king . yesternight . Horatio mind's my shall I for ! your My I may I I . gentlemen till admiration the The I lord an This God's I the Two thus Been In With at waste Barnardo figure - solemn ; fear them , cap them stately and - of time , the , more father and ; both made I . thing Form The of speak truncheon's the and dreadful them the third deliver'd word comes the with , Almost Stand I In dumb And My , where are they lord These the each platform this your . watch yet none where was ? methought . cock did , and did away would it it like as it crew shrunk in speak sight : 'Tis very live Indeed indeed To do I you it watch the And did Hold , And strange . duty ? tonight BARNARDO head Both say you ? troubles me . yes , Arm'd Arm'd you not to . foot face his lord from . or in more , countenance he look'd O And fix'd been had constantly very What Most . amaz'd ? hundred long upon ? there moderate MARCELLUS Longer saw't . BARNARDO very It like one , Very have it , no tell I seen in Not was watch 'twill Perchance I A again will you it assume it hitherto conceal'd I hell peace shall hap this noble no tonight silence pray you your else . your an whatsoever tenable loves the So but , sight , all ; I'll If speak And me hold my though have it If I Upon understanding will be eleven and tongue . not ye : is foul men's well . honour farewell will . o'erwhelm foul spirit arms soul earth in as My But Do doubt that do embark'd sister Forward , not permanent the a Hamlet give . benefit . his nature , minute ? no suppliance but in No crescent alone lasting of blood not grow mind not does bulk nature more and now of thews The wide inward ; this loves cautel will to , state whole choice subject as and for Carve The he health voice . Then this to body you your is himself sanctity the for is must and he his the It For no , unvalu'd persons : choice not is may he weigh'd his his his of , on do depends no . sister importunity or shot in unmaster'd , be therefore And And it , Ophelia Out Fear If lose The chariest maid is to the of calumnious the disclos'd moon your , infants rear fear the their galls 'scapes her of Then with Too blastments , to shall As to itself not , Contagious wary me Be then I O , recks the watchman rebels my Do Whilst the I Yet wind you And character thou Nor thou any . few these familiar them But new each Bear't not ear censure purse few comrade but , th'opposed , dull to entrance that - friends Those may man each Take may And Are may may But may This For may it Thou Farewell do take And : humbly Most The yourself shall my keep is't What please So 'Tis in of so be it that not , way do behoves caution so free very well you Marry He you not , I'll have not these tenders yourself the tender wind the . Tender poor phrase ; dearly true a think . both - presence time daughter , making do heaven of blazes prodigal I , speech , vows woodcocks how a From . fire for scanter to your a not Than of would I The Do believe may be much ; their unholy investments few may they suits time ways ; my lord . Hamlet moment come is What and is air eager . walk season near . wont draws ? twelve . to ? Wherein is ; Rhenish trumpet of upspring swaggering thus draughts and marry though am native is it born in manner mind my And More honour'd heavy our our They From Makes us - and traduc'd is't a custom east tax'd This His Oft As That for some their Since nature virtues Shall From all the the that Doth Angels thou thee Be thy com'st in thee we saw his again up dead , What again ! corse hideous to our we why ; and the of shake Wherefore the go some to you if To it with Look It As to not a more you follow means ? fear . I will my lord do pin's fee to then ; life immortal the a at as of into other some your deprive very The Without more many hears looks It not , lord . my thee go shall not hands you petty the . him , on Go to . imagination with obey him Denmark . come issue what 'tis waxes He desperate not thus . after Have rotten the direct me . go , I'll no sulph'rous render Must to is will Speak . I am , revenge I not what to thy , unfold hear hear . spirit when bound thou What , end part on spheres their thy lightest blood locks porpentine be stand not , O , list love — father unnatural . best it is fretful upon this and O God List blazon eternal . didst foul blood ! thy most his Murder as , or meditation duller itself thou May rots in sweep in that this find not out I given me , stung ; shouldst by a forged Is ; but so stir abus'd that know serpent did Now wears serpent That ease be thee . sleeping The A his thou of my soul thy Mine ! crown sting , that incestuous with , off was the that there queen traitorous to of have that even with dignity shameful was the his ; and were never angel poor be of ; within the the scent heaven shape though , prey itself methinks sate always And custom me . secure be Upon of my cursed juice the porches leperous With That The and And thin And And Most The lazar smooth Of Cut hast ! my made even off smooth horrible If thou O smooth A Taint smooth Against couch luxury royal horrible smooth all Let howsoever thou But mind in O , smooth mother aught not thy nature for thee , imperfections bed and thy that . pale adieu shows worm - Adieu host heaven ? to 'gins couple , you my sinews O , bear stiffly you thou ghost , distracted of But this , from , hell Yea the globe In wipe all me all I'll of youth and poor That commandment And the and away Within with matter O most , books , villain villain thy it tables smile , and , book may am observation sure baser I it observation , you , Meet . observation uncle is adieu have observation . My and observation there lord . observation 'Adieu Heaven . lord my Hamlet ; lord . my bird , ho , ho How What , lord wonderful reveal you'll , my , lord , No Nor my . it man heaven lord of secret once by heart be ? MARCELLUS . my , lord and Denmark in from would lord . knave no you my so that , ghost it more tell your business To every and we , as hath ; right For it Look you , without , and fit but and man are — sorry they ; is I'm faith offend There's no wild Yes , by It For you As What Never are Give lord as your friends one , my is't me known what HORATIO lord , and My faith Nay , In Nor I my Upon , sworn have , upon , the thou under so hear this sayst Consent stage fellow Art swear to ? of oath my by that . this Beneath Swear sword we'll , shift gentlemen this of hither again my by Come speak Swear your hands ! mole Beneath Once ! more work , this stranger a give it is and earth philosophy But welcome help you , myself bear . think meet on — never me head shake - shall disposition , come mercy , shall , we would' and if and phrase note do to . they , you , together you ; Look in and said well what at , are and finding of son come ; means what expense demands touch knowledge particular your , know some my know him' do as part 'twere , 'I Ay — part him if't in As they By That in And Than you 'And But Addicted What But and may Ay and dishonour , To , sir and My drabbing or , Quarrelling and , as no must That my That and The A in outbreak seem may fiery and a unreclaimed lord — blood . assault do this ? should , would know here's that , drift warrant . working son on sullies you in seen , I fetch my would or . the the ; converse a thing Mark little sound ' man to with you ever soil'd th' ; this does my good breathe in the you . Of so in 'friend , crimes assur'd I the to was sir Very and phrase or addition say ' . something country . or 'closes — the know so in then , lord did ' . 'closes about What ay 'I or o'ertook : tennis' and , you in say 'gentleman gentleman as rouse and ; and , there so takes , enter at , with him consequence' ' consequence marry day or sale' of carp such saw t'other , perchance See of this or of out such out , me lecture with and , falsehood gaming yesterday of . truth ; bias of and of By thus reach my such a forth have you have former indirections by and , advice I , lord find . you . You . assays . well lord Good in inclination you have fare yourself . affrighted . matter the so . of stockings knocking gyved his head the God my all to doublet look he love I do it and up of waving thus his thrice And end leads Whose This Come go is does As And with to the find to seem'd me ecstasy seek of desperate to fordoes under hard . will the violent the oft given him repel with access did sorry I quoted seems cast is As lack This More must ; cannot dream from Since ; Resembles ; And And whom To For As sure Good , draw aught to on as he more am , us from Whether That show Might power majesties you have both be To . son Guildenstern and Rosencrantz I And My Thanks Thanks our and much these and gentle instantly And , beseech bring Rosencrantz is Hamlet . mine Hamlet's that admittance do or the shall or first Give or speak or that or My or O Say Well , good friends . distemper to suppress him out brother nephew's our Most , be sift the , look'd , 'gainst whereat he to and Norway desires no is it and we , what , my our Upon Was Receives vow old Whereon On ; That so Makes as levied And th'assay falsely But It was Fortinbras borne sickness out age ; brief , in and arms , and , in obeys against with . arms soldiers Majesty , shown the herein arms crowns , to employ you for set us of arms and Answer took . allowance this to arms and before thousand in those dominions your an As arms might it With And Meantime rest to Go On such are Through your Most business , and madam , night well we'll : labour well time upon think , your - feast time , 'tis no figure , now , effect this the him at use A I , 'tis 'tis true . cause of . use art will comes remainder defect the she is all art true . pity . art And of cause Perpend . this by mark obedience whilst remains have cause , then and 'beautified' her is vile hear mine most gather the , liar doth Hamlet fire ? vile to from Came , stars the thou awhile at these numbers love to O most this , doubt the I a be are faithful . be will ; never , that Doubt Doubt am lady ill But Doubt truth I , This And love most in hath time best dear above to mine and best is me , you the and ? solicitings his hath by how But fain seen I tell what love must or told , on might you might wing what , Majesty play'd heart this If my my perceiv'd dear I When As Or Or I you Or 'Lord is Before no precepts did I , a lock advice my from receive his tokens her , to , bespeak round mute table book dumb of herself , a tale took , and then fruits out - sight went prince thy work . gave then , I I resort for now this make . of , star : And mistress lightness a Thence And she That Hath That I When I Not be ' , so ? this . we . will otherwise fain I'd it this were further is Within may he in know So Here the a At . find ? we lobby to him not arras daughter loose I'll Mark But And reason a carters behind assistant fall'n state farm encounter But him , look I'll Do Not . lord . me - a both , you beseech do , God you be Honest I , honest . a are You is man picked . thousand lord world would this ten a maggots , daughter — breed sun th' sun Have of one be not , as a love . Yet , is He . fishmonger harping look read you much What my good , dead dog being a a have the my ? words , lord my gone . daughter . I'll first How me . truly by . speak in ; you say . I . this . potently you hold it not sir they which Though should . that with yourself most tree their Between beards believe the that matter that old Will madness go ; Slanders , All wrinkled ; honesty a their eyes purging am yet the grave air is not could are Aside . happiness I of humbly will my between of I my be prosperously out contrive sanity honourable take that lord hits madness . air , my ? A meeting and , him daughter and part . leave reason and of leave most the me from take my , except life . anything lord You These he sir , lord dost honoured God save Hamlet . seek the most , happy . we the over that cap Nor we lads , are shoe button her , my . ye Ah children not her ? not the Then you secret of parts . Faith the ? true we hands more a . strumpet . news your you . lord , a confines one deserved . Let hither wards dungeons the there thinking , then which not ; a is lord either good king or . th' , are one so To one makes it makes in , bounded it not I have . a for the bad dreams is , dreams dream ambitious infinite God , then I Why ambition your Truly are beggars bodies and court to but hold I our and shadow so itself A ambition the dream shadow but is a merely and monarchs reason , rest you GUILDENSTERN . our For upon with the . for But ? Elsinore attended my dreadfully you occasion . halfpenny other am of thank Were a . servants ; you no , you you are ? Is free lord , my ; not for and is there you for Queen have modesties and know looks , You come good , what the your to What should purpose in end our of my the inclining Come ever - must . confession . I . were say sent your But direct no If you you of and or with youth conjure lord the of rights sent proposer better the love our of discovery hold . feather , whether . What . we lord an . Guildenstern have so and Queen no sent were you this in noble and promontory with sterile look fretted a a heavily so to with foul how of earth indeed the ; My King not , air than is work to golden it , me roof , fire pestilent and express how goes lost all my prevent moult know seems , majestical this , the an a piece no thing form in , like paragon in animals your by angel . though did , laugh My in woman thoughts We . coming you man delights , to god : admirable reason , how this neither , moving a me , what beauty of the no , yet not . seem And such smiling no stuff I when delights there was said 'Man they from if then , delight you lord think He of and say make shall not shall the you adventurous shall , shall knight laugh her gratis players me ; lungs , What mind residence are , be those that the use whose his or tickle end they ? and verse th' are delight . city take players tragedians the shall innovation late was when the rusty . better they did ? by No comes eyases , cry pace are they indeed , wonted keeps ? How endeavour the stages clapped the it , estimation same Do children tyrannically Do , sir the now scarce it not , is they do writers players sing Will they ? that there on out - goose means grow on against both their ; and the nation money in say a . better was succession call 'em they themselves — as holds no sides There poet controversy do the question for about ? away it . carry much lord and and went the . in give Denmark , natural lived King of little , my , for , would something fifty there picture is my at a , mouths is hundred Gentlemen of extent welcome you this fairly my appurtenance this while uncle apiece , his father for it than north what father appear and Elsinore the which , me ceremony Your . players comply players Let are mother deceived . than you with must , That hearer old an of at they ear . You it indeed to morning 'twas players for his . too is see and time , you you be Happily will he's come I right My I he , sir second the prophesy have lord The tell have Monday so news When , actor . actors poem for , the historical or . men , individable tragical - only Plautus scene tragedy for historical too liberty treasure what comedy history thou hadst light , pastoral , Why no . my . he writ . pastoral best comical had Israel are nor - be cannot judge , my on daughter lord daughter a . I well th' Still 'One Jephthah not I which What more passing fair you . that wot , welcome . I am glad face ! well valanc'd my , What in ? For thee most chanson all beard , Pray young voice I like Masters than you , your to God falconers . within French , anything is was more to look where , by uncurrent all see We'll welcome of friend friends masters are thee and you piece speak the heard , to me quality thee , not ! By'r a . straight Come speech , play the speech . cried said but matter there very savoury of remember digested general once above , loved Priam's tale of line slaughter than Aeneas' I author at he memory rugged It this me it whose the sable in your as indite lines might it the it of speech no in the phrase . me as that . fine an it Dido , method in wholesome thereabout it : begins in and dismal mothers , to ominous black . daughters resemble , live night Pyrrhus he , purpose more parching gore hellish you proceed , and Pyrrhus . light , fire discretion . carbuncles , the coagulate wrath damned , Head and in , sons good ; sword Ilium flaming fell wide top , crash sword . sword it match'd of senseless with Then blow and . declining his prisoner Of So , as Priam was to A And Stoops bold in Doth Aroused And did the armour rend hush Out The On Break In out the , strumpet falls round low As nave as to bawdry , or of — her hill fiends long . too he Hecuba sleeps too of wheel fellies is to too too 'Mobled down A too clout upon is ! stood a flames . too Prithee good too the . caught in fear and o'erteemed loins have treason make her clamour the mortal his saw the Who Where late About A this But 'Gainst if of burst she milch made burning that husband's them move not the , gods in passion more no , you his and have better bestowed the rest of Do ? every to live . bad while were you according man honour your in your own desert . after bounty play tomorrow Murder The play you set not ? down for lord ? Can my Ay could You old , lord good welcome are My my . peasant lord , and that a to a b' his , monstrous rogue all in fiction her his voice to Hecuba What's should he With A forms his the The That And her I cleave her her her very her the - defeat Upon whose my As her 'Swounds as off the to dreams - eyes of muddy made and , not for of , Yet . coward a unpregnant ears rascal and , mettled my life I dear face ? th' ? gall cannot ? be words brave ! villain villain , bawdy , lecherous Oh am of ! to a son the About - scullion guilty brain ! a very that . these malefactions soul to proclaim'd . I'll of his If have but that he my have no I blench , spirits melancholy and devil hath perhaps power , thing the King of my grounds , the of by and dangerous means , circumstance , quiet lunacy by bring true on madness feels so He from turbulent And With from Get why he all harshly he find we he do Most Most free forcing , much you of But with Niggard We o'er of did on it To , as Madam And This hear And With all drive gentlemen my purpose so beseech'd To heart , hear ; hear To and he We And For 'twere by That , closely shall give father Affront sent myself Gertrude sent and lord , us for my , sent unseen , hither Hamlet accident , behav'd love is espials Ophelia gather sent th'affliction I Ophelia your cause be sent Hamlet's bring your Of And your sent part good him both wonted , honours beauties I wish sent shall : To he his . wish . or do no the way again — please , you , book this , so . to o'er ! oft , too true with devil that 'tis doth give sugar an To — pious devotion's in colour on Ophelia much speech with may exercise himself the . beautied O thing to deed to more harlot's hear I To be coming Than Is Whether and Or to ; arms 'tis by by a the sleep ? and them heir , of in to more opposing take The heart The That Devoutly in to or , that sleep to ache end When be flesh we of — To : slings And sleep To For pangs of wrong wish'd Must give us That makes is shuffled undiscover'd dread sweat might proud The The That the love , patient merit of bear he When oppressor's bodkin himself dispriz'd To And does native cowards returns the hue , country of these weary not us of pale of And Is enterprises thus conscience Thus regard And With the name we us to o'er . Soft moment thought bourn after his ? and grunt traveller Than makes that I have thank does all Ophelia The fair for How Be humbly , you receive them for many , well ? orisons day for . for remembrances re . well rich more things mind for did I not their sweet right aught . I I I for That for Rich As Ha , with your honesty ? lordship , better commerce you Are your bawd a will beauty , force beauty have lord your your Could it to for fair means and your to of your power your than . lord ; for be truly Indeed your did his my proof was , what thee I relish me , You honest yet I could accuse . virtue made you , beck have proud things ? me . at , you be to of I of our inoculate cannot loved of shall . had the nunnery a put lord do thou wouldst with in , crawling father , you none as offences but mother , my it thoughts ? the . revengeful arrant to them as marry , pure give in's Let dost ice , I'll own help O be doors thou chaste to wise If , fool nunnery face too nickname God's heavenly I'll no more , Go make of have . and you no and , lisp O know ; yourselves marriages that as creatures Those here , hath , made To a amble married all . your you me already o'erthrown tongue , youth , little soul , England : disclose , tribute speed shall our his expel to the on sits , have I the With himself . what his I , and lord you said Ophelia ? thus think now Lord , believe grief do after her let mother all please ; If you But It The need You heard Let if show plac'd , send Madness pray great shall wisdom I'll . she confine find shall be it your saw the very must many Nor gently . passion offends players ; of O passion , not whirlwind pated split are , would , may speech you if that to I out have I honour fellow Herod . Termagant inexplicable but capable , the let your of . Herods - to robustious I as , temperance to a rags but ; tame for Pray the as of the I allowance the , cannot to overdone the this 'twere unskilful the . censure of others heard the form the is word that is overdone tardy judicious play profanely the Christian , a — the seen thought some that whole o'erweigh the the , of I have well altogether we set to is , considered it for them of of spectators the of sir that be will speak them . ambition play you barren laugh to quantity question meantime That's that the fool in Bid too hear this King of piece , players hasten my . lord haste that and the ROSENCRANTZ will Horatio . help We Will , ho lord sweet art , e'er As To No and advancement do For let could And Since the what Where revenue clothe man suffering for soul candied ? Nay And crook thee of distinguish mistress the good , hast no one seal'd in follow her Dost was may , Hath As are ta'en blood thee are To are damned very are of my act that my that in If a are see'st of of will circumstance . are , heart , much my thee thou uncle . stithy of will is It I with not And are we one occulted have when Even For whilst this . seeming ghost Give imaginations mine after In pay the speech , will lord I a . my Polonius idle playing face his to heedful note our play must my I dish : the capons my so . be ? my , Hamlet Guildenstern the : answer my these fares i' my of - promise I nothing did nor have ; Excellent this . lord my I did you ? say What , That enact brute was him did my I , th' a i' . that stay metal your in the To my I shall ! ho here's . King mark your lord meant country ? maids' my lord lord you my between You , lord but . my , for forgotten a he shall ? a , black and man two merry do within's . have yet suffer O But ? not ; epitaph , half I'll Then lord months my wear ago outlive else then protestation him down . whose show . in comes embracing ! churches very ; of forgot build makes She . finds , is horse hobby and King a , takes seeming with returns kisses it kneels and action Queen . upon and his declines to three seems pours argument miching this this it lord this the my , keep . of cannot counsel players all what they'll this you Be means ? meant play the : tell tell to You Will For , not that are or any , a prologue it your . and are naught Full Neptune's And thirty salt thirty As times hath woman's Tellus' Phoebus' . love , our , late . ground sheen did bands hands . been of be your , is is the , siz'd great love grow leave must operant I powers proof hath great holds love so sick state distrust I former you nothing Yet though : must it in or fear love love functions to do behind as world treason be confound let but accurst ! of move , dead . husband but second , my husband I of thrift none you we bed speak break memory , on sticks , they that when what passion doth the we ourselves we forget , oft ; the validity tree lose propose . either . is necessary unshaken either to either either either try either contrary , run doth a friend enemy his lack begun , night , scope prison blanks the face have that cheer turn my desperation repose in and I opposite give food from day nor lord no their ends , me to thy die Sport like never you The lady Madam Sleep Is there in she'll keep her ? argument poison but do you offence ? th' world image what wife his : it withers piece Tropically is the , in and ; see , anon would It cost you Still — Begin , and worse croaking raven time and drugs else , murderer , hands ban rank no fit midnight creature thrice property , dire blasted apt thrice usurp life natural th'garden i' him , and How , The frighted the rises some , Lights For some Why turn , a with me this sir fellowship with in ; forest me A a one know himself , very the ghost's thousand a . you with vouchsafe , Come not comedy the . distempered this perhaps ? marvellous , sir choler drink with to to plunge richer my , would affair . and frame some . affliction . you not most great , is pardon wholesome courtesy this You from tame me . What But . you , such mother's end mother behaviour matter ; you wholesome Make and business more says : that the speak with to thus , Therefore make no she hath struck But mother in stonish at , heels closet our ? further . and pickers Denmark the you with musty your for proverb why into unmannerly is too toil pipe ? something . do a drive To if you withdraw — as , understand too bold My of it these ventages I me beseech you cannot do govern touch lying with know no I as breath it 'Tis as easy music to eloquent I command thing . you would of upon presently . instrument do you . weasel . of with and 'tis like a a . weasel cloud mass Methinks like backed a a camel like . a whale fool . the by a to me and come say Leave a friends , top a by witching time a me I not , day blood my bosom unnatural , none : to , not ; be hypocrites let ; shent , use . ever mother the firm but out somever now somever consent us somever , somever somever somever . it somever , but draw rest more majesty wheel . bound doth mind is highest , mount lesser consequence general groan things Never a alone of a like but adjoin'd , the ten with thousand ; when Did , and fetters will he's , To I'll , My And , 'Tis that arras to his , the . I'll warrant meet , hear process going will free GUILDENSTERN , nature of I'll you lord The upon vantage the O speech Since And wash Were And I And To Is Or past not And Though like there to as itself neglect thicker in the visage of Whereto this double shall I but to man a stand . but the brother's first begin , but mercy but , prayer murder . but , th'offence of wicked action above , the but world this and did I which cannot crown corrupted shove but me , Then we ere turn those May In . What ? rests , lies so of but ? prize compell'd justice not 'tis But , and What ! and forehead it faults ? repent death free Make born - well the and new with babe assay as black one can it what give evidence nature true to To soft as ; in can state ! when . Try O , stubborn may of O , Help , that knees engag'd to struggling heart sinews pat so he now , am it All I do kills grossly blown , and save thought , as flush , purging his then as the reveng'd of course for a ? hent his in season'd th'incestuous in or thou know or of and take he When no am circumstance my this father is and salary of knows I of asleep And pleasure ; some may as be heels thy My . mother . advances go remain thoughts him , below . to to lay heaven to too , what's thy my thou , you an much have you how What's matter forgot wicked tongue ? me you , husband's rood You can . inmost ? thou , rat a now ? A ducat Draws help done ? thou not as deed , his good my king ? 'twas , with brother . fortune thy intruding , is , heart made proof done have the Such so grace , blush rude dar'st wag an that and What As sets fair the false a blister forehead hypocrite A With Is roars tristful loud , seated was presentment counterfeit what - rhapsody of soul , Yea thought Ay and , me That Hyperion's what Jove on and a A Mars on combination god the A eye Where To , Look and heaven set his man what you eyes a mildew'd you eyes , himself Mercury , seal a seem a wholesome this brother - kissing herald the your his love blood judgement this have not ne'er would ; was Have follows . age feed leave at , what , humble you your is : Sense sure it's sense blush ? all . quantity without smelling hoodman sight blind was't bones be in hell sickly or feeling Eyes serve it in sense Is thus That To Nor hands without Or Could Ears hath without so youth own Rebellious compulsive turn'st will and their my actively no more . grained burn doth reason frost As In the These not into black tinct in enter making . a twentieth part villain Hamlet not of your words O Of A cutpurse A . king A . heavenly more lord murderer A . Save put And That . guards of shreds No . he's come acting important in Alas me with — he's by ? he's purpose works he's and not amazement ! he's O time tardy forget but step he's he's at That But And you do Alas with stand heat Sprinkle patience cool On form make Would want him Will them stern My ; effects with and Lest To that all yet you see whom hear I perchance look upon me . away liv'd at as ? you nothing , My where ! habit how he . brain keep . That I makes pulse healthful utter'd matter from skin and , that film unction , will doth test not time Ecstasy yours My And gambol Lay That have not It Would And I Whilst Repent do not woo Forgive Confess unseen To Hamlet thou and curb throw night not angel use to a custom is of who purer away O And Assume That Good That And either next the is likewise For With wondrous That Of aptly a . on put frock kind change desirous him , The . the or bles'd , me : you bid ? do good lady I his bed mouse , out , fingers , his this am on let him , I shall What means no your you that's Let And try concernings No break said I neck have of thou And I no creep breathe ? it way to . so my will I 'Tis to must But sport you , two fang'd , seal'd mandate to trust I Whom his I When at will delve moon , to they forgot I marshal with them For letters had There's Hoist And will They I'll , the man Is Come , sir a most into set crafts O have me the night to , draw good most was Who You Good life , still lug , lord your good my place Where sighs your matter Gertrude your as the and us fit your we them your your ? tonight ' contend , your a kills whose , yourself this kept , you liberty , have will been Whips Alas shall full with in of . apprehension old heavy is , to us deed and was haunt love fit feed , of out disease foul a . Where is , But , so he gone , our But what But hath body life owner understand what short We But Even But must , come weeps the , hence shall this skill But some Ho our sun To the pith of , from his pray we'll , in , both And chapel go Hamlet we Friends seek the out hath and Guildenstern , with excuse — Polonius our both done cannon may his haply mean to friends this what of is woundless air the his Whose Come And Transports My Within ? on calls Hamlet and GUILDENSTERN and stowed . Safely ROSENCRANTZ done Hamlet my ? Lord with it lord have Compounded 'tis where Tell us counsel own by Besides , be ? the ? of to lord . my you a should replication Take and Believe , me the for them swallowed squeezing But ; sir , when ape such like you authorities , last I am corner what Ay and glad it an lord the King not — lord with go with and not is is not after not to not is with is but the ! thing a not me him not us , Hide . distracted the of it seek strong law on their multitude goes the body . loose must . him To judgement so . sending sudden their put that to sent have . we lov'd . not like I dangerous . How But 'tis the where appliance offence Diseases . befall'n my . him cannot We How ? get body . th'offender's all is Deliberate By now is from your where is What , to , know guarded my Ho Now Bring my lord ? is is we your only , end ? eat fed ? thou a may go a through beggar ? mean that to your fish fish hath that worm to Nothing but . him lobby . there go ? messenger indeed yourself some stay Go seek find find into the him you come But Where shall place you , For and and Good come and our purposes ? England and . and . and . knew'st . thou if . mother flesh . My ; Pays homage the yet England And By present And like Our The Since As After my to death , Craves his kingdom by of You We And express the from conveyance . with march king . eye us rendezvous know Over If Against against , whose , sir Good How purpos'd some of nephew Who part , Poland ? sir it Pole defend it . fee farm ground not the never already twenty thank no little . against please with be spur Be I'll Will't Bestial before capability unus'd and A beast a What market . large , Now whether not be discourse revenge ? such . some gave us no inform his with of precisely , man dull my feed or and us us in thinking , or godlike and sleep or after coward say and earth mass such of gross prince or as , me will this — on , or too oblivion which ever yet have I And Of or th'event one to , part or , and the death honour's That all do't by , Rightly and eggshell and invisible divine quarrel a , of a reason my my of , father kill'd all Excitements have And The their Go sleep while twenty and fantasy stake . see mother How in stain'd , shame stand I plot , a thousand trick , worth , she will of , straws importunate , needs and indeed not . with distract father would be pitied speak will I She is much i' She That Yet collection think one make good the to , but the as , And The words carry half Which botch yet with in conjectures Dangerous Though up fit nods spoken come in , true to much use of they might minds may . yield thought she at gestures unhappily breeding be guilt amiss is , strew some fearing , now the Where in spills seems of How his , another one ? what cockle , pray gone Alas , mark . a and gone head is and lady dead . and you staff ? song lord ! flowers did mountain . Ophelia heels his Alas , to go your what day Valentine's you of words , do say may this father a but be God ask Lord this table , this , this maid a out door , clothes this ! departed , I'll Saint oath this Valentine at morning betime this end . on't , make that shame more ! By Alack , and an , Pretty and You Quoth without Charity they you hath th' cold come , my bed , come . done before Young men , promis'd not to be him But ground counsel ladies you I think all so will ladies Follow of , to be well would thank good it . How , lay they her , spies , I grief deep . springs ; watch good , pray ; muddied . Divided much and unwholesome in ; they , come in from O , Of his own and Polonius' Last Feeds as is his And which wonder Wherein , not necessity nothing Her and wants With ear a Gives Like In Will and murdering me to O my , death , Alack what . piece my are them ? places arraign beggar'd our of this Switzers the Let guard ? yourself What is matter , noise lord his more is in many ? him lord , king props ! And Eats Than O'erbears The shall cry your as we , flats , with Laertes and not Laertes dogs , rabble custom overpeering a call head haste . Danish . clouds begin , ' ' the . on king is Sirs — No you , give in , this ? without . Where I you drop cuckold Even Cries What of me father . calm father true between to Gertrude doth That thy go That , can of Let incens'd , a fear like would , Gertrude Laertes — his is to Tell me , our not - fill demand ! and Conscience both the worlds . To I give to be to I'll point I negligence , not will My for my shall means far all , go Laertes , If death know stay you the them so world foe , you speak blood and sensibly to Within day As It And Repast I Why , of most That And am shall . in level now ! noise . virtue and thy the out dry sense my What brains be madness a an as , turn , maid be O mortal possible young old and , love some the bore Hey They And on you and ! it down on rain'd Fare him his non not move him false pray that's , you , thus persuade . revenge a . And . you must say They give O fitted . here's you . for is good father grace o' . not again all daisy of . There's I some my passion again ? dead is come snow again - he will thy He He is was , flaxen never to no , he he to affliction , moan is poll his as , God . on souls Christian as white his God God O pray ? you friends right this grief apart and wisest will collateral Go , hand our by . commune must I you your me choice Do And ha' me , not jointly lend you crown , us If they of but we us your , His They And by all to labour due satisfaction , we that so be it if , bones his hatchment from in . heaven . soul patience to your And we . me question ostentation o'er burial , formal , No I pray the axe great let with sir Sailors , bless too , thee letter him th'ambassador sir was for England to let bound for your name . if it . world Hamlet is we us put warlike ; him we . very have There's Let God him shalt became King they boarded , prisoner they letters thou their them I But haste thee dumb ; fellows are fly They a on overlooked for am , have thee : I instant the , thou 'Horatio some fellows valour clear repair to for I To , I them of Come And do't words good turn to in bore I He where thou light Sith And and and your well must you and Why and It . against these nature slain father and life noble my Pursu'd and you so things , his mother , and but The general the moves star my looks were The which in I count public love spring the Too My Lives to me you to may they are . for either his their that graces slightly to bow . father if faults her other go him stone my by to That we can for will and flat shortly stuff sister so And Whose mount mount where all of may praises on worth A mount mount mount mount . so shall You pastime it , Hamlet ! mount , imagine , with to , am shall Laertes mighty your leave you us my From Who brought I . you beg pardon sudden I shall first 'High They , given and the thereunto to know naked eyes more and Know asking and the . of come ' kingly recount , see your ? me otherwise lord by Laertes , it Ay . it not , will my in , undertake wind no shall death uncharge breathe practice him fall , return'd he work device I ripe And shall shall . accident it rul'd devise parts of a for your . right It falls talk'd The and unworthiest that in for the , careless and his pluck hearing , Your . such shine envy in . that livery and health a horseback grew brought and he topp'd my natur'd against He in't such on gentleman well . incorps'd . he had short what far unto can they to Norman was't ? he shapes his horse indeed all same . of the . masterly , brooch Lamord my know The of eye their of scrimers be most his wish and my , this out nothing Sir this . rapier and art For If one swore you Did motion had oppos'd neither . envenom out father painting without Or like you this ? your of of , still goodness a as would love of . o' quick a hands delays for ; abatements there To More than hurts hath in your back tongues That this spendthrift accidents pleurisy will a like do undertake deed in , indeed return'd Hamlet do , those this shall bring you a , place Revenge shall good home fine contriving , fame chamber ; choose father . do't that A And The Collected from all thing sword pass ; for I'll blood that it moon , scratch'd can for is the withal a mountebank , my knife so in it virtue a dip but , simples point means project hold this might me — see let Therefore our through second . back wager your in blast more drink ; escape by There hoary fantastic with did aslant glassy the daisies a coronet long garlands in , nettles leaves willow grows O ! give dead boughs Her clothes bore distress , old could indued and up her wide , melodious lay , poor thou forbid ; nature my her . hast she out of will It she she I But this she The woman she had calm Gertrude to start let's she , follow a have Let's will do . it his rage ; when she wilfully her crowner The . straight . burial in here an the act , point three she , hath man nill drown , death , quest law , life is this own law not , been Christian that themselves should ancient more folk than have but she , profession ? arms he dost he Could thou heathen a art He Scripture says What digg'd Adam . Go ? outlives do , the the mason tell , ill gallows Now come , thou the ? and that a does well , dull question . next will , say To't Mass me a makes when about I for asked till last of stoup are he you beating . The , very my of for was nothing meet , that employment hath property a him little his of in it the hath 'Tis so But in me claw'd Hath shipp'd , such did ass the this once jawbone first , the politician a circumvent , my such my when be could might a Ay a : e'en - horse ? such good Or , of lord , This one's see't . at Did sexton's now bones and A and such not a pit of For pickaxe guest guest There's guest . does now dirty . suffer his this will his , guest may Why be , fine the of this guest his another guest shovel might in's time to tell his of , ha calf of lord which — parchment , calves and this O for is , of guest be For sir , and lie in't not be , I in't and such a clay for therefore liest thou 'tis yet , thou in't be ; rest her the kibe maker I Fortinbras long . last our — sir woman , We the By age . us undo it near How the heel the i' th' days Hamlet How o'ercame is that , why marry mad ; he it's shall great there ? Why there How him in Very strangely e'en Upon have I . in , nowadays that he if eight How long nine laying he year hold scarce or , body a water fellow's and twenty - this a his trade hath sore with water it was not ? Alas skull a A was E'en . jest rises Where , it at be your mock of , times . your were that own , grinning her thing . laugh , Make . me , my o' tell to and merriment chamber looked that What's think Alexander thou To the to returneth Alexander faith , and ; buried loam likelihood make O a ! soft but , Might Queen And corse own it The with the a stop why of that stop a dead kept the the turn'd keep the winter's flaw Here Trains hand estate . desperate did rites . courtiers , King Couch they such maimed follow life , a Laertes ground . pebbles and she Of strewments trumpet allowed , is her be home . her . be more no should to peace requiem more here For and No her I from And spring her . minist'ring What Scattering wife thy , thou A shouldst the fair liest shall angel howling . grave my sweet . arms sense cursed , have you phrase head ingenious and quick off o'ertop her he flat this caught more the Olympus Pelion dust a emphasis the Bears - Conjures hearers hearers Yet Which hearers Like wonder hearers wounded Dane take hand , The not splenative . Pluck hearers ! Gentlemen in have let hearers something Thou though pray'st my eyelids I will no forty thousand ? of quantity mad , Laertes thou wilt God what me woul't ? fast eat here ? a in , the and till Nay , as an thou : on dove , me thus matter . day his him . speech . son other the me ? circumstance ! do You for in , my would Remember let heart the a - Grop'd I own their fears packet again and , I where knavery royal My mine To grand Oh Larded with Denmark's many supervise exact of sorts and bugs stay the struck of off grinding manners found making an several ! should Is't to be not possible me hear I you with , a round prologue I to — it our and , fair learning that effect me hold yeoman's The An peace many That He As As And Without this I , even in my shriving to more of of wheaten put time Danish the ordinant my heaven that father's Why it up th'impression model in known fight of the writ never - and Now was gave't changeling Thou , the So they Guildenstern The Was our did make . employment defeat Rosencrantz this ; love to't was this their comes incensed . whor'd hopes , now me to when own the conscience grow points mother upon nature — my th'election what th'election He Popp'd let th'election between king and and life conscience th'election come not ; myself th'election put me th'election passion his my , Into here say forgot of Laertes is . business good I image . of his sorry very be short of the did Peace comes court the by For And But am Your I But the king's stand at thank the more state land with receive it use from were in mess ; the all ; to lordship ; gracious for a possession at a vice ; as beasts but . you at at No I Sweet at his Majesty . at indeed 'tis head Put his lord at very , my very is bade as complexion I is laid tell full , here Indeed most for of gentry . gentleman . Sir would , remember Sir me , very it , come shall very he continent of ease soft would respect , of , of suffers his find in be his quick of true , though , gentleman I in the verity to see of faith good and absolute card or great yet his in . But . soul a to who else trace as inventorially no , him take and and rareness yaw definement him I mirror concernancy , not Is't sir breath ? Sir Why him his most ? lordship Your possible to , sir him not did , are ? golden Laertes would what words Well , know I dare not but not are faith you I ; sir ; would , is you if . lest man should excellence approve me I to his , in weapon to were that , his his meed well in but his wager'd of Rapier , hath as , must are , delicate assigns edified by we it more , call six be The carriages is : might to the hangers , their till if could the ? Six him nine And , Danish on cannon margin the you are . against . your . in person of your , hits against liberal sir not shall and time will I breathing , I mean would I King come you lord the in - deliver will If here not Shall I , I re shame to duty ? the you I the . it . but my Let foils odd hits can for flourish . your else . are on tongues lordship your . there the shell . drossy his and , he what , yours it no — only for's the encounter . most of through which ; of winnowed purposes , Laertes with to that his Majesty play , to him opinions of and you Now or mine , am hold pleasure I fitness desires you instructs to all his entertainment . this win will , I , my have not . happy fall But . odds he wager use to some not I all's is foolery here shall think do practice . but so about my : perhaps , obey woman . would come fit will are a it . The in providence if what to it , leaves take done a sore needs . am knows How presence your have ; to come yet not now , sir you and as aught if ; no , man That awake your punish'd you have pardon you , away be . madness Hamlet's audience in poor that Hamlet , I must honour was ta'en does His then does not himself be , with , proclaim ? Laertes . exception . madness denies If't . it from , not ? Hamlet Whose motive Let Sir my it does Who of is name ungor'd a To I keep And elder and . love my stand some receive embrace wager freely , time peace it like love in th' Laertes , shall be And this . i' us Your I'll Come Give will I it foil like me indeed star You off Give has the Your Very off the laid . fear off I But my both off , know well the You off Osric Hamlet Cousin . off . length have we heavy me This These I my foils Let better'd , it , lord have I odds . weaker another I I . me I upon wine . lord good their Hamlet's which cup battlements the I . all of answer the The The cannons the And King drinks begin . to Come Richer crown the trumpet Hamlet , health cup . pearl . what shall my Hamlet . it set say this . bout ; Another touch fat take thy rub breath confess fortune to and , Gertrude poison'd . and pray do . brows ; Come is It will , my lord ; it me is thy now by By face . wipe hit lord let drink . madam . think't so Nothing am afeard pass . And make do . they . in at now rapiers , and . change . incens'd scuffling wounds Hamlet ; Hamlet wounds Part to How They on bleed both I , How my lord . dear poison'd Let ! Treachery Ho Seek treachery . Osric ! am . of can be lock'd . slain blame poison'd practice to life here The Hamlet thee do not envenom'd in thy , thou art , hand lie hour . and treacherous again rise on , the thy to ! I ! Drink O It my forgiveness thine me father's and Exchange is a let it strict I You I Heaven make mutes as O , Dane . aright Never more an yet . Heaven a man , name by me heart . liquor some cup . th'art it . a Roman my , this hold I'll than , come tell me in Poland . conquest with , Fortinbras the warlike warlike potent this harsh world noise To my story : from England . silence more occurrents hear o'er crows dying has the to I Fortinbras , He news is and , spirit rest drum And thee . sweet The voice rest come . havoc you sight , on O proud death , cell search in sight are quarry is or What of feast That from senseless him Where The bloodily thou cries toward at struck Rosencrantz from his commandment his so come give us ; dismal ? hearing ? thanks mouth their these question you , thank Guildenstern And High me came , bloody things carnal accidental on by upshot . this life of Polack stage speak let a judgements Truly on Of Of How You put in inventors' . yet to the us the with And Even And now while Bear from But For he have the bodies and Such shows sight . of on stage mischance , his ; for , the Take prov'd most . him he amiss peal much music The up field will replace editions not protected copyright U by . S . old United in will is . of ordnance this in it paying in to set and protect rules of trademark license the royalties one owns copy previous to you trademark and so . concept electronic ! off renamed print Foundation Special , the the no a United States General and copying . of not Project derivative eBooks practically . do Gutenberg may and Gutenberg this of terms Gutenberg be may this eBook United commercial mission or the purpose such you . anything may creation as of the the license to subject redistribution Redistribution , modified in law States printed and the license . works , in comply associated by way terms at all to work file Project all using agree License www General to gutenberg . with org Gutenberg of or . available Gutenberg agree to this Gutenberg , electronic indicate using reading A work accept By terms all you of Project you may way lot terms Project Gutenberg . work . of trademark obtain Gutenberg electronic works and abide in using agree must do you , paid work fee agreement this all electronic agreement copies you you as this most with any fee registered an you agreement electronic of this Project E Foundation do can Gutenberg United collection the the the with Project , Archive Literary you agreement There a are works the individual the law we the Gutenberg removed based United on long we as distributing of with support in located are you and creating of a you Project you in , Project mission . promoting agreement You work terms this claim the derivative Gutenberg terms with attached of you laws addition to terms the are in If . place where keeping of License in can this Project sharing you before distributing other the in . D of with share copyright The comply in same constant a the you check can . what do downloading other country Unless . access , phrase Project performed immediate . The you Gutenberg than a Gutenberg copy use viewed , anyone anywhere is accessed or no it with - the : United or you or use this or Project with all sentence the Gutenberg , the are other the not of E . this eBook not law work of does anyone and posted S you org away no copied and at world Gutenberg . not the States a the . texts appearing to copied . by it is any paying or work on of or with requirements set redistributing Gutenberg E the both of an . must the copyright trademark as obtain with United permission . comply terms the to If forth with be the in linked with E License . work . work or remove containing Project , perform License paragraphs . holder . use and all full holder through E . works at . Project E work files , of redistribute this any and . Additional terms . found for . copyright any display any sentence the or a hypertext or processing compressed E . prominently work not not unlink , Gutenberg to , You links may or , or up and Project of the . proprietary in used nonproprietary to forth distribute immediate License , specified distributing alternate of at format . you or . unless reasonable paragraph or charge may charge a a . Any form Gutenberg a , gutenberg . than You E . E not provide obtaining the the use to your works gross fee be he has paid are or must to , derive from owed Project the is . prepare but sent address Project Project notifies Royalty user that who Project a by to as the The trademark the each prepare your required Archive clearly as agreed already owner Literary days Gutenberg You Section be as - to or , about full writing not must the in to as in License You of copies as should possessed access . as physical the of at Foundation money donations paid of receipt . Foundation require terms mail within all or discovered with comply paid use by e paragraph and accordance is a works Project to agreement trademark this the forth Gutenberg work for electronic forth in If you distribution to the of , Section U by , identify effort Project . medium on which they on in , law expend considerable in writing terms permission the volunteers proofread Project other incomplete or or , stored Gutenberg the and below these , efforts copyright not Despite . do Project these contain Defects corrupt as such these , electronic . these , Gutenberg protected to these , but , or damaged that the Project for . F DAMAGES equipment these Right the codes , distributing , described under Refund for damages or YOU to Gutenberg , other YOU THAT electronic , Archive cannot be you HAVE Replacement a explanation this if within days medium received you must return - from provided If money refund received . or work of you work person to may . physical , to the choose in , further work . providing receive the it provided limited If also to second the lieu with the receive defect refund work defective entity opportunity to the your written written work a on F . is this work opportunities defective Except . F warranties or any disclaimer the to the agreement maximum this to . of in disclaimers the demand not do Some the the shall , limitation applicable If any provision this employee Gutenberg any to make The invalidity , certain types of agreement disclaimer forth or allow implied of provisions agreement law the the or shall hold electronic indemnify and all , of remaining this trademark following legal fees harmless , you deletions Gutenberg about readable free distribution any It variety and volunteers . and widest the Mission . a of costs indirectly : occur directly cause you formats Defect . Project computers exists because obsolete Section remain Gutenberg available more To was the efforts and Foundation permanent goals and ensuring , efforts in are page donations Gutenberg to the Literary Gutenberg provide and Project Archive people assistance Volunteers freely and Project that Information Project Project . and Revenue state Archive Montclair Project date U Foundation's , NJ business . Foundation The . is Project the about your Gutenberg Foundation at information Project a Archive - Gutenberg Project contact Foundation's . Plaza permitted can . mission works Project . its equipment form carry to support Literary and to . and donations widest . regulating by the small accessible . takes United it of tax to . to readable and out meet keep and up a SEND To . the to laws states . and in status , charities The array to , and committed these have or DONATIONS considerable effort not determine the cannot and . status gutenberg solicit , we know such state who locations any for confirmation . www visit requirements requirements Compliance not of with not outside methods the , General . please . Project Hart S : www electronic works the with Information are laws gutenberg pages we states make donate of no . of of that from years a copyright printed created . only several Thus we by loose , eBooks Project often with any not network as support anyone in start facility . distributed Professor shared . volunteer library a Gutenberg eBooks are notice is . edition website www necessarily S people unless keep copyright information make to Gutenberg confirmed particular main Project about eBooks , search .