. Who's and unfold yourself Stand . Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand , bid meet watch my of night good stirring Horatio , hear liegemen you farewell , Barnardo what of hath night Barnardo Horatio , again ? Marcellus hold nothing tonight ? him take seen dreaded With may He watch if our , again assail our ears , appear Tush , once down so What star his Sit are let us fortified two sit nights have , speak we Barnardo all , t'illume burns the the same . bell then beating Marcellus and — it King to speak a it Looks Most Question would not like Did Together art What In Stay How 'Tis What think you ! not on't might ! this true and more You Horatio , not mine Is ! I the not ! Of sensible , this tremble ? believe thyself King avouch the this our , hour jump by of strange eruption to me , the observant watch cannon subject of of from mart foreign impress toils such What the is't make Does not divide that ; so goes now but least as Doth can appear'd world a and side the slay Did Which And Had to Hamlet unimproved , mettle carriage vanquisher which King our with his the Fortinbras which moiety the seal'd by who ; ratified , stood , the the Hath So The Is of post father terms And his by As a For doth stomach and diet in't well , which unto by those foresaid this our , of I lands head . sheeted streets eye . dead , blood , illusion , fates the of preceding and heaven Unto And even sick the harbingers prologue ; Neptune's and fire doomsday moist ! Stay it use comes of me blast it and the to our climatures , it If there , behold hast to me , done fate may in my with speak , spirits of in ! oft and Marcellus speak , walk speak Stay it Stop Shall I . in speak womb if , speak they at , it it speak here majestical here will here ! Do here here here was vain is To here For And Awake in present probation . herein . truth hies day the shrill in , and confine the that Saviour's our dawning singeth season night that the of ; of sea This And erring the cock ; his made all spirit nor so witch then is in to say wholesome , hath believe by seen life , abroad , it clad hill tonight him to my upon and we us acquaint him our conveniently most , Hamlet , green of Cornelius yet be contracted grief so shall we him Voltemand , Attendant Laertes and brother's . death kingdom nature , him with discretion in funeral affair wife scale auspicious one Th'imperial we In wisdoms equal in to ; nor , know have dropping in gone marriage , herein our late supposal that , by Your With mirth With Now follows along which and and pester of : bonds for , with those all . brother this be He to with the surrender of . message lands time of much So this young , to the are all dispatch , levies , that we you and ; purpose rid - bed herein and , Giving with these will we commend allow more than . farewell news What the what's , of speak voice not be some nothing . reason . suit , things let your : heartily native mouth heart , Laertes , with , Dane beg , to not the thy to the offer of thou wouldst throne What Your From I now lord ? from wrung , me and my seal'd cousin more clouds kin at Hamlet spend it Laertes him consent go thine be to at ; hard leave ; give than too a with thy in the lids . Denmark ? thee good know mother seems , visage grief , I ; is it it particular , eye of . breath . heaven common ; impatient , nature . son world throne love dearest no most the less toward with impart which that Than I to retrograde Our I ourself in Denmark accord and gentle 'tis Why smiling Sits No jocund great King's But Be This to O too solid Everlasting itself too that And Thaw Or 'gainst on't How canon His self the , O God ! unprofitable world gross come much , mother to to , two a name shoes Frailty — or ; on increase too face might if remember her ? fed think poor old those , father's , tears month , father she of mine my . well lordship . to I , With glad And Sir I Hail , for ! hold good your to , my heart same , Horatio But I'll my , servant your in : sir , violence say so Wittenberg my ear I in your you own enemy you from , even , are deep , me ? truant report , no depart , that you make your , my Indeed think was lord , met see father — had coldly , see to mock lord Would marriage ! see that methinks my , My Thrift see , forth I Where mind's ; once him see was I He see look , man a eye not his I him think ? take my In eye . my eye eye like for Who yesternight . eye saw again eye eye these to marvel This love , ear the Season Upon Barnardo and together me let Marcellus , and had hear these For the thus truncheon's their By Been his and the to impart they him time , me eyes . kept both true father ; and ? we deliver'd watch deliver'd ? deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd address none it the not it speak none did speak , none , none yet , head : as none the then , even at none none We you and lord . this , you ? my his not O , Both . foot . very , or in , Then yes , he beaver his wore look'd pale Nay Pale countenance . you like haste BARNARDO you been amaz'd there and , when was beard grizzled , life ? hundred much tell . sable A as , I have . it walk again silver'd ; hell father's itself this I twelve , well rise ! come men's them : will eyes so this the and now he but cautel mind you temple must : do not is to for ; And Unto His The he greatness Grows wide The Carve The And now his not may virtue Whereof Or with weigh what heart his the rear of , fear and of your enough desire is maid danger unmask you not her canker Virtue she itself buttons and their of of ; open . your chaste my prodigal to the moon youth . brother spring : calumnious infants most good keep ; libertine heaven , my . fear near . do . way of puff'd some and ungracious . pastors to this thorny . and own here a blessing long path rede . a primrose Show me the Whilst . Himself I A , stay Grapple But Of Of man that every familiar . you The for . There these And any And of Are borrower both select nor a edge the Neither loan borrowing , loses self own to not Thou And Farewell a then blessing season false be take , said go follow my canst This What , shall in I , Farewell is't you Ophelia he Lord Hamlet key the yourself And touching the to Farewell . said you ? well bethought hath very And You between is Give ? lord not do I Do not , Marry do hath Ay not — Running are That you fashion it thus hath honourable may you My lord call ; go to love with In holy vows : light promise for your fire as . woodcocks these in daughter the know , presence rate is . In . at a larger much Believe I dye and pious bawds all , forth show you sanctified of their they few are , he Ophelia , cold . very eager air . hour now swaggering draughts trumpet Rhenish his and thus , upspring lord to It . it , is struck near wont ? bray , is the east custom ? native observance , west it indeed headed tax'd of perform'd with , drunkards addition chances here nations height , born revel achievements our and though other phrase swinish of particular of choose that forts these defect pure undergo grace , evil of fault as they , as men reason origin of , some too and — of be censure may dram take the stamp o'erleavens , one — in Shall As , The ! from , us defend comes ! or or a . Dane burst not thy burst Wherein saw thee bones canoniz'd to speak will Thou father Why me com'st intents blasts charitable , the quietly and ponderous his , to Wherefore ? should , souls our impartment away did it removed do not by , No ; then means a to with . the what thing a Being waves What And my soul immortal as life can , that to toward dreadful the tempt for Why what should be . lord my ? it sea . lord . go . out Unhand . the each makes make — Go away I heaven My you in this . nerve , thee I'll imagination with not desperate ; follow 'tis fit what . To state . come ? Denmark . him follow Heaven Whither wilt me lead ? let's , I'll go . come almost sulph'rous render and , tormenting ! will will serious hearing . will hear will hear when will to ghost , is thy unfold will . flames will night nature I , thou revenge ? walk to fast in that But in am certain thy term the ; spheres , their part to must ; not , be O , it . murder is swift love of with . thoughts , most and foul foul foul most or that I , of ; stir Wouldst But by abus'd serpent wears his crown stung ; Now did soul that 'Tis thou That rots me forged that in thee find shouldst itself this sleeping know thou father's . thy on Lethe Hamlet my , out Rankly a but uncle uncle Ay O uncle mine Upon whose in in a most — and wit ! uncle , that wit will uncle To it his , uncle of ! wicked O The From me virtue court sate methinks lewdness though But a , me be custom my of secure hour hebenon of distilment with , quicksilver of into did it mine ; courses it doth the whose ears effect man enmity of leperous That The Holds natural such with - I , Thus even crown , All reckoning my on ! made in the disappointed but imperfections O ! all smooth , of once sin ; unanel'd smooth : dispatch'd , smooth not account , smooth smooth . head horrible ! contrive smooth be well bosom to Remember at me . else ! What ? heart ; Hold instant grow fie earth , my ! not Remember , O , thee globe distracted from all alone Yes pernicious and , this me my , But In bear And one , uncle adieu I have and you there , Meet most . tables may , matter . villain , villain . ' lord . him Denmark . ho , So boy ! Lord lord , is't my noble . it lord lord No , my then How , Good you There's There You every hath desire i' that man , To , my ghost Why so And I , Such as Look but you , for and without you and own . heartily ; and we business fit For sorry Saint an is And Yes O'ermaster't As offence me We ? my is't Give . scholars poor request . not seen swear't but . in faith , already lord . seen . that hands hither Come of by Swear to Hic to , Then . this good , wondrous th'earth , fast heard , have ? strange it and so help myself — stranger an stranger or before of , odd hereafter heaven stranger . bear head phrase stranger and , if we if to not to help stranger you stranger never and ; spite go to is Hamlet to me friending lips cursed it set do . love . commend man do spirit a I rest , do Beneath . do as and do love my what t'express not lack on out born fingers was , of do I time That still ever do Nay is this shall , Marry That thus you do By they this know part as 'twere what what first , who My lord , intend I well said are , means Danskers , at and and where question it touch more of friends very say he's you lord put that rank that You , not no That's must he seem but another may incontinency of taints open is not and in unreclaimed of fiery general savageness Of Faith my Ay And As But you should I drift that warrant my i' ; ' assur'd would 'friend in this consequence , leave . did Where say ' . 'gentleman something this to he lord . does , consequence ' , the gaming , at , tennis' such or enter , him falling of do falsehood we this forth , directions assays and have out . bias , say , perchance or : takes so bait by . My b' God Shall my you Good , fare Observe , him ply shall I And , what's have , my now No , his As as And speak To upon Ungart'red a had of horrors for love he , What by he goes took the to the other his As At draw to would last And he me Then He , thus so piteous waving perusal thus length And He and of his so shoulder his without he and all his me turn'd lets , done to sigh seem a it end And to , This is . of fordoes passion under itself property to any our as oft As have my I did good his lord access that sorry That him quoted . thee is meant seems discretion As lack it , common to have dear , hide Moreover Of Our nor that Since his father's I being you draw Some little on unknown lies , That Whether vouchsafe from to gentlemen I , he am more open'd , hath two men are talk'd there please not you , living of have shall so expend to For Might And give lay My Thanks And I bring much these you gentle and . freely ourselves both , at in the to instantly where . is our . and presence helpful and , Assure hold my , my my , else so good good liege my gracious sure found have of , do I long th'ambassadors Hamlet's and duty to I my policy that feast in . me I but all very cause that of be do doubt we our he great that queen , of His Well good friends brother and to desires . him o'erhasty other no and my , my of he , levies look'd the . shall to Norway , Most Welcome return what appear'd griev'd impotence , suppress sent greetings our His Upon To Fortinbras in his arms to as , overcome Norway th'assay Makes Gives Receives That sickness he vow before from ; falsely Whereon To On As therein might Through , we thank you for , your and we'll business we'll night welcome Most Go Meantime Answer business , to day and time is . home together is duty , is liege This rest madam ended to should waste brevity but day majesty My and Your expostulate . Your mad of that let to it brief be nothing Your Your Your madness but else go Your , with use true : will I then by And no now of cause for out us we But That let Or this daughter . gather , phrase and have whilst obedience most is , I have not . are will be ? awhile stars be to Doubt am Ophelia . evermore . she As Thine dear This in more fell And most I you must But . so how All out to think do man faithful hot love on the , you and a of I When dear me , love told As you this seen had fain If perceiv'd daughter my thus prince lock , table queen your Majesty had upon this desk No ? think Or What And my is she That 'Lord must Hamlet messengers , I out , receive fruits short then — the tale to advice , her gave precepts thence into now this for you Do And madness , by . declension this a fast , raves he wherein we be said ' . likely , know if this that Not lead , truth If Where That me Take prov'd positively it I , from At Be know such Mark the and not encounter And I . look I'll , We do wretch the Away Excellent well I God my good - a , me - mercy ? so a fishmonger my ? lord my are You . lord would true very in dead dog , of this world That's as be honest to , thousand ten ? lord daughter a kissing Yet gone very ; he , a . to't far love for extremity ? daughter read you lord my lord on fishmonger much . He my suffered . my my a , they eyes , Between matter , that matter slave their are that which wrinkled the . sir ; it not sir honesty I , in't . thus set if my is , yet to , though I most a am be go be you that ! air often madness Aside air it have like down powerfully crab backward ? madness out my and leave him . my leave daughter of I my , old well . he my part willingly . is sir Ah , Guildenstern ! both ye are how do How dost , earth the not we lads Good Rosencrantz . indifferent that the Happy As the over happy button the her , of Neither you Then parts None doomsday What , near have Denmark's ? lord prison . my one , and hither ? prison a world o' Fortune you she goodly ; We which there one many being so there it . so Denmark think , Why , Then th' , confines wards are my is To makes bounded space it merely were are the in and , for is . your for . count dreams mind is it that , We'll and wait honest sort upon GUILDENSTERN you . rest most am with , you will . servants . sent ? for of my Elsinore attended have and there , visitation , modesties have Come ? not ? craft rights could of were you sent the by proposer obligation better the whether me no say is . a direct what conjure with our by you and by let But be for To I and , indeed earth roof majestical the not shall we , know than look to so King the to you then , late this goodly no in form paragon the , firmament What in like appears secrecy apprehension of by Man lord world excellent the to canopy in me a you , work , piece and is express and in admirable noble ; Majesty way Lenten me' you shall have . part target and end his are man whose humorous shall shall lungs , foil in sere take for't her , freely welcome blank tickle use players . city What to welcome were say shall those Even and me the the welcome adventurous make hither gratis welcome ? ways . both welcome such delight both welcome residence Their are or the wont their it they they so followed when ? they estimation hold think endeavour of , and afterwards they most make means grow no against do better — their exclaim them their themselves to controversy themselves has been there themselves , pursue themselves the , they much . themselves of possible question both for went was themselves sides on poet lord is King picture than it , brains , uncle Hercules , 'Sblood . come comply out you , out find and out welcome is my of this out are but mad out north - out hawk - north what , southerly That at a clouts . is . swaddling his hearer an man players Monday me . old to actors The lord , I have will My are buzz my . Buzz , pastoral actors pastoral comical - the - The , of law . O . call . follows and fair which , that daughter Aside not i' my Jephthah row first The are , the of It welcome comes show know God and Nay my not . wot , will welcome masters pious to abridgement ! Thy heaven your Masters voice fly , than valanc'd young like you of at . us if , remember not million others falconers French like a lord it cried in — it speech . the Com'st ! of piece mistress and all . We'll last by . but was top , or , as , of thereabout speech it , your , the modesty , the make , excellent , in in might in method One it me , to it see , Dido slaughter arms resemble , smear'd live , phrase and If Pyrrhus let — and see and and and and and accent and hellish Pyrrhus you proceed Priam , the . sword match'd . Greeks whiff the to to prisoner reverend So But Stoops Of as in But a we bold As Doth hush vengeance did sets the forg'd than , And On With Mars's less Out , the out This as low to round spokes nave down the hill fiends of her . too beard . or Prithee sleeps flames . mobled queen' Hecuba With Run this mincing instant her husband's she at move gods she the blanket had would state , seen , themselves saw th'alarm treason all caught venom pronounc'd have make sword Pyrrhus his milch with did clamour them that — them — Good , to and desert , desert . his Take them and . dignity The after bounty your own . in every live than ill is in ? is . lord my is Murder play a play is of . hear is . sirs We'll Can you tomorrow is speech , not would and . would leave , my lord lord My would good and which . You I for set ? would look you , would that Ay would friends , conceit , to in , God Ay Is But , what fiction his her force peasant ye , That A Could O in That in from monstrous so eyes voice to Had his in's function aspect wan'd ; whole all for ! nothing to horrid the cue What he with speech amaze , ignorant eyes mettled . indeed free I cause king throat , the : for this th' , life a coward , peak , does me gall kites this , region the lecherous I I To 'Swounds me as I As Tweaks Plucks deep Why an , Prompted Remorseless I That Have struck that to the play ! a hell drab , Foh have heard and heaven like Fie , the so cunning very by They With Been , miraculous , like to mine Play Before course the my For guilty I'll I'll I'll Wherein I'll catch the this damn very shape spirit If murder . yea melancholy and that The the I I'll As More is my my , I have seen , I'll . be May With from Grating can And puts drift . The the have of But so him Get by why harshly confusion lunacy on his he he all turbulent find would When Nor do we But But Niggard you assay it Madam o'er , there of raught hear And To Did Good purpose give , his shall a inclin'd it matter further edge hither for sent by 'twere closely We drive me to entreat the see , here Hamlet as have leave lord , ourselves their him th'affliction thus bestow so he , us Gertrude Affront Ophelia , espials unseen , may . lawful , no is as behav'd wish cause please so you , this this visage o'er with do . 'Tis And too loneliness — To — We true my ! in colour give , plastering thing pious The smart bestow How not The prov'd of action lash a withdraw most , him hear Than is ugly lord it that outrageous fortune to sea die say To them nobler 'tis take opposing Or And , coming mind sleep , shocks . consummation the come , the this wish'd is ache in end and the to of against ? dreams scorns man's the the delay respect coil , time of , make law's proud the us pause wrong dispriz'd makes calamity of pangs The oppressor's insolence a With When grunt the sweat country rather others the the native fly conscience thus with of pale pith their turn Soft you . Ophelia my ! sins the this enterprises With lose name of lord honour your Good ; for for for I breath compos'd for their rich you . I for honour'd for And with them There for ha . prove ? you ? you fair . discourse admit honesty , your fair What and your of a than lord . the This bawd a . Indeed , to the transform once me believe love you ; me thou could be the stock but have likeness should myself it revengeful , had not borne of more yet but things I very I me my I Why a am sinners . wouldst with , arrant ? them are in in to that thoughts I'll marry the shut O as : as plague for thy , them . him , pure , Farewell ! heavens , Or go enough ; powers know , wise ; for nunnery well of you to Go will , no more keep Those that it , creatures on't shall what , courtier's soldier's I'll heard The O ; have The glass of That And Th'observ'd honey most his the that jangled form noble and of , rose noble of Th'expectancy Blasted unmatch'd with affections do what out me of O , see woe seen out and I out ecstasy , all out that out His , hatch out though the melancholy doubt do be what out T'have which I Will he madness lack'd sits and determination with neglected different to speed countries shall expel thus believe on't ? heart beating think his , in yet of love origin all hold it My what Lord after her queen , plac'd grief lord , But commencement . How do . us do all as you Ophelia said , you puts him . and It The do tell fit , alone be If she mother it heard show their the in And I'll be be shall confine . where him not . think best It great Madness But town your beget . a soul temperance capable split smoothness gently Nor pronounced ones must many of fellow , offends very too , to to me you . Termagant acquire had torrent air , passion it for in It . and a pated nothing Pray the of you for but whipped avoid inexplicable it of the of not to own o'erdoing discretion be your this hold nature or and cannot up for both hold the make your be the hold whose own . O so Christians and and hold there , the the from , now was hold you purpose form censure theatre ; though time of off hold Nature's , well some — nor having pressure which , and that profanely seen Christian , judicious neither play o'erweigh pagan others man abominably so be those of question Go some let barren pitiful ready uses that of ? laugh speak clowns the presently . haste . and GUILDENSTERN Horatio , ho , sweet , What , my As O art thou Nay , e'er Here lord conversation e'en Horatio lord do thee the the follow men for thanks Fortune's And mingled fawning those , fawning choice fawning pomp knee been fawning election hear fawning fawning finger wear that Give this - soul me please ay passion's . and slave , core , before the in heart's my see'st I One scene , when have Observe with itself unkennel Give both whilst aught Well the , detecting I will mine stithy If have , foul imaginations will of this the idle , join be . Hamlet cousin Guildenstern Enter , fares How Queen . others I so are words eat ? a our dish cannot feed . you good th' so kill they kill'd was I to players me him my mother good Ay hither , No shall , Lady Come , O ho ! do ? lord . maids' lord my a , legs between ? Nothing ! What should my I merry are - you , your only how Nay heavens ! outlive , lady hope , lord . father but do within's for , epitaph forgot not my lord life I'll black , he else whose and half shall whose a yet forgotten whose whose then ; is horse whose and , crown The whose with Queen to the this imports . cannot the mallecho mallecho . play mischief mallecho they'll ashamed you Be mallecho show tell him what players us are mallecho . mallecho counsel play . mark I'll : naught . to shame naught Here For You beg the posy lord love thirty Full brief 'Tis , gone ground did been round , dozen Unite many us So far I That Discomfort So , Make For In my what And Now Where Where , Honour'd , live thee leave powers their and shalt husband haply my . thou in must fears I confound but Aside The , wormwood be who none my , Wormwood be the rest in accurst ! the . move love . first kill'd instances time When Which But What The Where joy The passion violence own Their pay like violent do but we do But Purpose now Of ending Most to ourselves in to what aye joys a great For That This aye who And The aye in want a hollow never aye his : favourite friends mark or yet aye to 'tis our us with fortunes fortune aye own , try , dead wed . destroy scope , hope joy it strife . awhile beguile fain leave , us between thy tedious If she Ophelia . Sweet . in't word there offence methinks jest The lady O jest is of are unwrung souls knavish how What but the she'll argument heard , no done Marry , do Mousetrap majesty You withers to nephew . if , good Lucianus one is between are you This I could It keen my murderer . to worse , and raven fit no . Come , else of for's gets The my the o'er Give me . All lights lord . shall You . wife of fire play light , lights strucken deer ungalled away while if , cry fellowship with Half a For forest forest A forest forest forest forest thou dost Jove Of I'll Very You ghost's lord . a . the . a , you with . comedy , recorders ? me Sir sir , his in for show my itself him me lord put wildly my I Queen The your mother , my Good , my my not lord my to my you ; please my good my , your , make pardon and I the . business answer right will be answer , no there and — mother my , such say amazement sequel her you ? bed . any the Have mother's a were lord still , she times trade distemper griefs You pickers to stealers your do surely . your ? himself for your friend something is King toil too upon love drive with the Denmark would this . you , I do no me My understand too cannot touch know I easy give as , thumb cannot now these you , would there it , speak much make is you compass my me I you seem sound pipe Call ? you Call and played Call , you than on Call to yet Call that's with Call sir , lord the Queen would almost a like It the mass , By it is Methinks is . Very will will I and Now said . very witching business could Soft enter , now nature , to soul tongue My Let soul will I The , not Nero cruel and speak somever , seals this but be thy look to heart be To never near to range forthwith Therefore along estate lunacies . grow is life many and those the That The itself all live keep lives near mortis'd Each . alone a ruin ; spokes adjoin'd huge on alone Dies To King the the it with it . highest things , falls Never consequence general fear . closet mother's to convey myself him should my bed home , heaven . I to , not can curse as , upon't smells it : cursed sweet the in with if where defeats ! murder my double I to What first this brother's blood shall man pause . itself as white not neglect both than there wash fault serve Buys ambition ambition to . What can ? ambition , lies above so the there But shuffling ambition oft 'tis , and , forehead of prize ambition world ambition , itself then ourselves our What faults repent as one cannot be Make babe . steel assay free death to struggling ! is That villain that scann'd heaven ; to praying . revenge ; thought reveng'd then for purging am I of course broad audit with fit and in is When , he take crimes his He my , O , I When Up Then trip , that his as may My sickly be heels or of . goes may but rises and heaven . remain go , him between with bear . me home broad too been pranks straight Look him I'll . lay to . the him what's father thy hast you have mother Now , thou hear , me coming Fear matter ? an . now Why , What come I'll You , and till I you down Thou help help , not rat , wilt me not ? murder glass . help help ! dead . as as as mother with bad . as king deed a To as kill As Ay , as As , lady a my as wretched for too hands me If If it noise of virtue blurs In dar'st thou of a the Calls As of sets From of A of of The As this of as sick - there , solidity words soul , there . sweet contraction mass the there , the index ? there there , there doth glow , this brothers two on and , command , man his you your judgement humble , Look it's Look what and Sense ; apoplex'd Look Nor to Look it serve But Look Would Look Else could step waits this you , of hell canst thou If not Or To flaming . sickly or feeling without hands a O mope And Since the in When melt Hamlet leave In the of in Stew'd Over corruption daggers No more and to no speak more , the honeying sty to Nay words O A Of And A slave murderer not a enter me These A from of the the . o'er A king your precedent That shreds your with patches ! me What ! The you Do , But look between , Do not acting time your . tardy of O to Hamlet . purpose . thy forget whet but and the Your make stern true Then tears not of do you Whereon . Look ! conjoin'd piteous what nothing there I it he hear nothing that is you this ? see yet you , there father This My trespass your not Lay I the matter gambol And Would from It not make in curb And live throw away virtue . O , To For them spread . fatness itself And do woo vice Forgive my virtue , do part other uncle's bed . twain . eat or . a gives is next And To almost that on . the potency And And For lord , out nature of fair in it yet doth , him night , this bles'd same livery more throw , desirous are of you to or The the good hath Once , this to remains kind minister behind . I bid worse , him must punish That I him only . be , shall lady : do know , mouse bed , him madness matter reechy fingers , kisses you I means King no pair in , gib wise , out sober a , bat would breathe breath neck like the , so the down no concluded so , you . of . to , ape creep , life be your breath to of I I Be What forgot I , had letters will Whom They adders enginer go most must the hard sweet . knave , the crafts directly . meet Indeed , counsellor grave . These ? heaves while tonight ! stir his , How , place Ah this Mad as the , threats be . hearing cries unseen in rapier out his The And is It heavy , had man there providence deed we so is with of this , short mad But the To O'er To We will It not like This Should , liberty , laid to life the a . He is disease foul was so , and most let Where it , weeps for away ! touch and some hath base he , gone . whom , hence , excuse you some dragg'd bring the . our come dismay . and , name blank his , slander we our , you haply miss world's air the o'er done know untimely level as cannon , so what's whisper As . discord ! O , to not Tell sponge can of ; Ay authorities them , keep your — a . But an , last must us tell , King I it with is lord . body to it seek and sent Of bestow'd , befall'n , my . pleasure know . us before is to him Guildenstern , Ho ! my Bring ? At eaten your A ourselves certain emperor only we but That's eat Alas that mean by of hath fed may you , month place within Send th'other thither as you go up the him there not the . seek Go stay , He this that , which Hamlet Which The ready tend . England thou purposes ; wife one , Farewell . Hamlet , it is sees so and mother . foot on . Thy them , But mother Father ; Delay That And Since As England , power love thou may looks yet else my great my for , thy sword thou imports that Do blood thou And must Pays th'affair — which Hamlet my , like death process letters the me my conjuring hectic me my Howe'er present For We I Go the . duty aught a license , promis'd of know Majesty our him let Go will , They sir no with frontier and main Who some hath ducats to go Nor That To Why Truly for Poland ? or Norway some gain it to sold will never Polack already five We to a little I , A pay will rate then , cause this and peace , fee . it thousand and straw without and . and my inform is market What of and , lord Go with and us gave large against little before and . and and , a and , godlike craven th'event , precisely . some on unus'd us chief and my occasions spur Sure To and And which quarter'd or , Now and not strength earth mass divine the at mouths and Even all Makes Led Exposing that for spirit what death mortal . without . stake the at fortune to greatly to a sleep , a like not ? bloody My Which is tomb cannot beds and O be slain the their , The thoughts To the numbers , and indeed or nothing . pitied . distract heart , at it thoughts gestures own her nothing move beats thought , may unhappily is ; hems speaks father and straws half the the she Dangerous good Indeed , The but enviously Spurns There's tricks And my spoken , think , unshaped use ; to doth their nods one words up and sure with come them strew for Let seems , ill in nature great is amiss . in prologue sin's to jealousy Majesty , true ? staff shoon hat I the cockle sandal another your and imports what is At his head He and and is Nay you but . my lord ! Alas , flowers all look here as the mountain his , bewept to With have in say may , window his , clothes , betime Valentine's this be what out . and by la So By Alack Young , without Gis Cock she You will do't Saint they Charity shame come to are you to before , How hath We ; be they ladies close the give deep watch good for sweet ladies Gertrude grief O , gone unwholesome death mugger the he ; they . and of single but , beasts these all as come in clouds ear , this many . death superfluous murdering O . door the ? them ? Switzers , ocean Eats not young the , the lord yourself Save , Alack Than your forgot and and be How O is Danes let's . leave . cry they Danish . dogs . in you all without stand . king , bastard harlot ; brow to little treason Gertrude rebellion the father my my Cries thy What Even thus of so is cause , Laertes giant looks There's Acts Why incens'd will divinity art Speak my . with ! point I be reveng'd stand profoundest negligence to I'll . for the be juggled dead Let But not the I'll , go shall far Laertes They Let , my what both come That None . is't husband not will My for , If , That Repast good friends , like the kind wide them his Winner and To And blood ope rendering - then know life them Why , now speak . my you gentleman . it in to How up now And I am child your father's . eye that come eye seven . 'tis wits life O shall the kind maid scale , out Burn Dear , is't madness the as sister , man's fine ? of sweet rose Ophelia of by a mortal love beam , fine heavens O Should Nature be as where thing some They non the him nonny grave And Hadst and thou Hey on and , and thy It and is nothing's and This that's is madness and for remembrance rue Sundays . and and , favour bonny wither'd and She turns affliction Robin is all give you O . joy my to . come come is - come his is poll . wi' . ye ? God b' . gone , ours — bones , earth to heaven question the let pray I are where be No No trophy rite , is So you you go with great axe me for . would they They Hamlet the of part from in Sailors , greeted if them come too a have They . pirate that means two some to . comes sir , was There's if you , we give have put on Ere appointment instant They ; sent got dealt to am for fellows I death I have a they England . bring . much they too have have fly they . will Guildenstern : Guildenstern you , speedier Guildenstern To do't the I him He much that Guildenstern will you way you have hath and a father slain ear , Guildenstern Guildenstern you must you Now so and proceeded not noble Pursu'd he heard , me my acquittance , friend these nature feats , seal for knowing , wisdom But . in capital against seem strong ; be it , two , to virtue or perhaps . life my you O But , I Which That by public but so as the , Would to Too his like the star to they me She's Why dipping the gyves have Convert And worth so Would not have age noble had so so to affection , bear gender faults in their ; spring that loud terms go may for mount revenge that But on if slightly I . it can are stuff we not , sister A Stood That For your lov'd think your sleeps Sailors , were my 'High . kingdom your some abuse the return more strange all shall What in the should it the and this is the Know , the hand ? advise . sickness my the Hamlet's the a postscript here he says the lord tell thou diest . ' him How , work return'd him , from sum , that such my for a regard , parts travel your . Your , becomes of no it my youth cap , graveness in for of , unto grew serv'd graveness against doing been He demi graveness , my topp'd he far he Norman A graveness A Norman Upon graveness life graveness what ? of . The gem And know such in a your masterly you same is very well confession rapier 'twould most be . a , envenom . motion The you them so o'er , the your , my this — him and to of heart a ask without you this ? a you sorrow love begun of did Why you I know And A That hurts comes show by then As We For nothing do And hath abatements delays for are much and . would ; like a hands . easing And Hamlet To To place More in th' i' , return'd do We'll Hamlet Will Will sword Or not Most it draws blood , an purpose will do't pass , so from free foils shuffling bring you in being that all remiss , may choose ease with . sword a so mountebank my in rare virtue thing the that have touch death my point slightly . means performance project , cataplasm I'll gall all simples if It can contagion but scratch'd think of If this this of may what If As ! your for for nonce whereon me let that our . should bad — hold Queen ? drown'd woe Your , call her and bore , up stream , tunes spread they distress them drink , be she from is hast nature When these would she she drown'd . her will it what our therefore of , she Alas It she fear I this follow that this she , fire to will follow to , much How let's do Gertrude she seeks her her salvation own in give ; his calm it that she tell I unless and therefore Christian burial , and , 'tis in burial ? make finds found argues wittingly act to it , Why , Here Nay . this lies but the water , if drown But , good him of , life his death drown ; guilty , not quest , is not , delver is it man he good you Ay — you not himself marry been . world , ditchers . Christian on't the there gardeners Why , was and Come this thou Will , to question Adam What answerest me mason than to — understand shipwright . tenants I'll , The . come Now thousand purpose confess , and , church the gallows . outlives frame , To't the than well to in good , mason a that thee than those do , stronger Ay Marry tell , Mass houses youth about , I , your this very was there the , Methought In of it I fetch makes of he when it more no brains maker' with ; and ; To no O O time methought contract , behove a , meet ? property hath sense . steps the the ass ? first did that . my circumvent a Cain's of pate one , offices tongue me into the land jawbone God 'Good - to might sweet a , it lord , and but the chapless more , revolution to on't think spade , be ; a , breeding an we . no ? with bones . 'em fine ache guest such For not quillets and , shovel dirty fellow This a . There's another now . he does with Why Hum recoveries vouch lands length scarcely Not my parchment seek which . fellow this Whose assurance out of be . grave's sir . I will ? in't not to for guest a such a , out to , What sir , lie For part , be lie no For then neither it ? dead ? soul equivocation these the kibe . toe picked his that maker courtier grown ! must Horatio , Lord the age By . the is a was How near that is all th' galls We I came that that can Every is , year a grave he been ? born was , marry was not , he How long is he fool England if — was it's there Why ; mad he , are . say strangely e'en Faith with mad he , boy ? they and ? Very what sexton here his . I long here , if he year that eight Denmark nowadays body dead a great his year more another ? that years think Rhenish on jester the was knew fancy , gibes were it rises a gorge at jest thousand infinite Where and her . her , let those ? now set her ? so i' ? lord my Make your own grinning thing come laugh at And so Horatio lord ? E'en Dost thou of base dust noble we uses may he too till to barrel to away wind kept the t'expel which to hole dead and keep into a Caesar stop patch that that ! soft , And with The The make it the soft a stop of why Imperious but , O Mourners we but that great in last here maiden she is strewments Of there more done be no should No profane sage to Lay As sing from spring And peace requiem A May I I thee have I Till thought thou bride And - not Fall Whose caught Now o'ertop such To of is What wand'ring wounded Bears the Yet though I I Which with not fingers am in thy take Thou him the Hamlet The thy not let pray'st Away dangerous throat , from well wiseness For Until will son what my O ; Ophelia . with sum , Laertes quantity wilt is thousand , him be , lord eyelids longer this theme , do thou forty God ? to her so will I . thyself : whine grave tear ? mouth ground them throw on , dove thou madness mere fit the pate buried Be And Make I'll as is thus a rant his acres as as And as When , her His the lov'd will as pray put your patience , as the Gertrude I as matter then An shall we . let You sir remember . all our watch the in night's push ; son . the see lord a know us . well , dark desire in . us my cabin , I where manners in my is most that them me about had . we how certain the ; and , exact command to to - My Grop'd sea I mine grand Importing Larded My the hear head stay supervise , sorts of life , more possible Being They begun villanies with . you me Is't once to did The forget that write , fair , wrote make a did of my I thou . lord like the wheaten good learning it commission as to baseness hold what . our but Wilt wrote , now know ? King flourish might amities less , Danish of . the next Now , this safely : ordinant ? seal'd was that signet that form ; what already go to't . to the love ; insinuation own the not and the to it the . the Rosencrantz . known the - fight the my are Does by They , 'Tis quit with his — canker this In this such let It must be shortly further of And cozenage with short will a is And The humbly I state is , the mess more No and stand king's ; from his . and impart should your . his head . hot very use diligence you it I with me , 'tis lordship indifferent cold right lord No it , my lord , believe your I lord ; my me Methinks very . society or card the me , is he him the of continent me , an and a calendar showing of great faith good me on his Majesty head me believe me soft me ease you for mine very of , find excellent come you extolment such is dearth neither I and him him in respect , mirror his divide concernancy , Your else , to trace most we breath really imports The Is't , approve Well , sir ? gentleman this of him empty You dare you would I Of you ignorant did excellence ; laid with himself him , by weapons his imponed has King The which , are , girdle , I wager'd of ? very of carriages , fancy to delicate , very I The matter the might german , against till swords imponed you if then assigns . dozen as their ere the you the that's the your if He all it be could . hangers we carry cannon , the Six . on and Danish the And answer the if I of If . his hold , and will , lord my and can , e'en , will shame win be nature . yours no tongues else . your lordship flourish ? so head yeasty — of — habit has on a dotes habit habit , habit kind most , the habit if . If time habit be longer to , King's . play gentle entertainment so his pleasure provided coming and You not . will well fall me I in think . continual matter my lord good a is trouble woman a is France thou gain forestall I not kind into went the , such my but foolery such such such such special it be in . is't me such this hand from such . wrong gentleman done . heard have exception honour , nature I , What Roughly Was't Hamlet not himself me Give If when he's from then the Sir Let That my brother arrow your my far of my I does disclaiming in , Free stir most , it And Give I embrace brother's ; frankly . and the and and and Your and I'll and young this hand Osric star , star . the lord star star Hamlet . star ; odds you weaker star seen we Let likes This is This Ay Set . These my the Hamlet If Or Let The first me all King in first than that the of wine quit first first And In you And The first 'Now first the , set it first Stay hit . say do confess I by the Another this cup what hit . Good my win . of thy Gertrude lord , pray I ; my carouses Hamlet He's , rub to , do madam cup poison'd me By . him , lord , let My Come thy yet now . too you dare the I 'tis do face Come a with , not Laertes pass you I Say ; wounds them Hamlet come Look wounds Part . is sides both as bleed They Why to mine is't How woodcock my Queen the does am Ho ! swoons How Treachery , Seek out art hand practice , the Let door be it lock'd : thee hour thy foul poison'd lie . King's thy to King again on Unbated Never can Then me . hurt work , Thy . no turn'd rise to The O . incestuous , Drink Here defend off this serv'd is potion Exchange He is my am , Horatio father's forgiveness . it come thine Nor Give me Things thou standing didst Let Here's more an antique ; As yet my unsatisfied . Roman liquor a in , Heaven live th'art go what , unknown , And Young To O poison cannot The potent o'er quite I the What England . lights from my Horatio come conquest Now cracks And a Which If aught this This bloodily thou this sight from this tell senseless this his that many , see cease O this come ; too give hearing late . fulfill'd this us should commandment our England is Rosencrantz Had the , gave . mouth have it never Where ears are To High How And these things came judgements th' , about . unnatural slaughters casual and purposes All . heads . cause , I . mistook hear audience can this my this kingdom . the memory also presently , perform'd more . more on draw happen me , sight . for mischance . stage rites him a as war this but , bodies and ; royally Speak music and had , was prov'd soldiers' Becomes Take the most up soldiers here bid the will bearing Go the from , set permission to to . trademark without if trademark trademark complying for anything , for charge an such as use the in it General the and paying and the copying a , royalties trademark is creation protected you Project . may — given redistribution the U do practically Terms . available comply works associated with way with the . license file any mission Gutenberg electronic or Section , all copyright agreement the indicate reading By . work accept terms the all General of any Gutenberg Project , you agree Gutenberg License www If , you of of you electronic work fee this obtaining you and paid copies agreement for you not agreement this you is fee , a may set forth this most full lot the of law in the individual do not , performing we as we , distributing work Of the United domain Nearly you access . Foundation the all . Project Gutenberg hope long of . removed from are individual . or Foundation of works claim States an to right . works in Gutenberg the place with others . also countries the you , are of , located govern United in . this . or License Gutenberg references of this makes any Foundation displaying . to this change . work are . The . work which any . appear , the must Project links work . States most almost : displayed work United status with sentence any Project , use at give License . gutenberg . have this with you or - check the online of work laws United restrictions the it or . does not . phrase to law If . through E electronic your work and Additional works any comply you Project and . holder Gutenberg work full the the containing Project Gutenberg this with without E . paragraph terms of a found Project distribute work the binary , redistribute of . with perform this forth to access Gutenberg to hypertext version other to or E . You links active electronic may prominently displaying marked . gutenberg E unless of Plain up ASCII the , request . as fee distributing . any in means at format Gutenberg in website cost E works or official the . displaying derive you works calculated copies for Project that the method is the : E . viewing Gutenberg the the and the under applicable tax to specified Project address at Foundation donations Foundation clearly Information Literary about money required days payments use a pay You of Project your Gutenberg Project the you agree to possessed to a a such You of of all License does not in copies You , and , paid electronic . money any You . E F identify not protected works electronic electronic work wish distribution Section . Gutenberg set Section forth agreement , Archive Section Contact Section . Despite limited errors not , Section your or equipment the Section under party owner , expenses , HAVE damages work and Foundation other this fees Gutenberg . F . Replacement Gutenberg you AGREE LIMITED of to , YOU any read be WARRANTY DISCLAIMER OF paragraph , Refund or Literary liability costs THAT NEGLIGENCE , legal . If by you , person days the receiving REFUND - REPLACEMENT electronic work money to the work received you , without . work opportunities is defective you may defective opportunity to copy . second . Some any or state disclaimer the states provided to fix of to choose disclaimers certain forth the maximum this to law of agreement certain , IS' or anyone , works associated costs , directly and from distribution modification , c . and Gutenberg of of the , of of this or any computers variety distribution widest new and volunteers In the Literary , Foundation can Gutenberg about efforts information the Archive Foundation at . the Project organized granted Section Gutenberg available need Archive future the . and Sections number Service . deductible federal laws and Revenue Montclair official and NJ Foundation's Archive The Information page USA date Section donations support Gutenberg contact information increasing freely Project public to and - including distributed the status particularly requirements in not uniform of can that the widest donations keep . donations to IRS to . fees solicit states of where locations we state states many are and To who states particular no cannot from To . the that works , of org donate card . works Project produced electronic the of Hart visit www Project forty support compliance . website confirmed are Gutenberg library : gutenberg Gutenberg originator created as notice is included main by in and protected any keep start Archive our including This people Most