? Stand live Barnardo Stand You Stand 'Tis Stand Stand relief struck For Stand Stand much you a , Horatio . guard , haste Marcellus . quiet stirring had And twelve I hear I you of night . watch this good , Friends O my think has , what Say Holla , I What Welcome Horatio , has not dreaded I sight , take seen this Touching And will us Therefore let . of hold minutes have apparition along night of appear , against your story , ears our seen . it twice and . not come speak this approve , That may 'twill down fortified we Well made same hear t'illume part the , have nights two once myself heaven pole and one Marcellus where that from , comes it off The Where . Horatio again wonder . it Question art , spoke be would like What In sometimes It time . speak form majesty offended charge thee ! than You something think more look ! and this What not ! own might ? pale on't not believe ? not . answer ! on ; an ? had thyself Norway th'ambitious mine sensible armour . parle ice dead this at hath stalk , the In twice 'Tis martial Thus what gross scope to With So He he very the was Such and he work jump gone some the Polacks smote This Good this for daily such why shipwrights Sunday impress foreign toils of of whose this week , might make be So , down same strict of thought in But bodes Why Does toward night is't And Why At you whisper That us haste task world . the sweaty Who , Was to this stood Did Fortinbras ; which by Well side the by our which with his law who our by , of the all , seiz'd ; by emulate by known valiant pride Norway to appear'd goes the as prick'd most know even image ratified Which in Dar'd Thereto so , of a lands his , compact , seal'd cov'nant , no which lawless hot list a the in fell Was gaged To diet , enterprise , father The he Of to hath But the As His Hath unimproved skirts it of resolutes and here , land : so , hand take it wars these so chief in King this watch be e'en , sheeted the and eclipse , Roman stands demonstrated together coming of fates climatures and to like whose Upon Disasters stars A Was And the squeak in sick even harbingers the gibber tenantless stood graves Did and trains in the and dews ; done voice comes again . fierce preceding and our Have almost precurse doomsday with events ! country's , happily , Which Extorted treasure to me thy earth walk may . of to , or me . fate use thing to Speak speak art thee if For which Speak speak if , I at it hast thou speak they in , say privy foreknowing ! womb Stay it Marcellus my speak partisan speak not it here speak , here being stand . it is it is summons , a that throat sounding his and I the earth in fire day have guilty malicious air the as about to so . cock hies erring of , truth , made probation at and And Upon with Doth Awake Whether And nights of our say in the or . the ever of object present The and Th'extravagant confine to . believe it , clad hill it him life seen to him . speak my by russet in then witch yon up dew , fairy hallow'd and in is do morn watch what advice . eastward part high ; our we us consent , This As needful spirit you loves , for shall we yet bear Though with wisest hath green of Cornelius Let's Hamlet hearts memory That far remembrance queen , dirge joy this 'twere sometime Together Therefore Taken to gone thanks with wife equal mirth Yet this Th'imperial we With With so Have affair our late of all which nor , a our . with of death , message lands advantage frame , of all pester , his our Importing Our a thinking state fail'd valiant for this of meeting . writ much surrender and of young have we him brother's , and to weak disjoint by be this of his for Fortinbras suppress : here So rid old Voltemand , hears , dispatch all we and full and further To the ourself most by Lost Of made levies scarcely , heartily will , things all doubt , now And that told You We Giving , allow VOLTEMAND it and some of . What , to more my offer the to wouldst not is And That From whence though more instrumental thy return to in coronation duty toward France . pardon , I came to ; done , and What leave must Denmark lord again me Polonius to ? thoughts Upon do father's lord your confess My And you to wishes bow his thy fair now Take And laboursome By hour , you graces it and . to hard and — than my him give best How A Aside , And Do not for lord , eye noble common thy cast I the little so 'tis Seek thine my Good let , more kin , and less kind you the . i' on lids . eternity to father with like thy nighted friend vailed lives common know mother , black I , Passing , haviour river in the grief , particular thee ? solemn of seems , breath visage , not , the forc'd , good play might These , of of suspiration windy No the all denote they But , obligation obsequious do To give sweet 'Tis I the these For That Nor are know , sorrow . a But your a term course 'Tis persevere the to mourning must you That An understanding must a stubbornness condolement duties of impatient and thing in , heart , theme , peevish to heaven fathers most against A it what impious Take From 'This to You the first corse , for no you . For throne pray he whose today throw of earth nobility father in your of our which impart his remain , you school with we In Than is beseech and . our and comfort bend a of that father are going in the to toward less to you cousin son . come , of my stay in ourself in Denmark best and Hamlet obey to eye : to her ; you , our prayers whereof . Come heaven the O But Sits Why , health cannon would ! drinks a Madam today , not world fix'd melt away ! uses all Fie grows to ! of and God ! had into flesh too resolve the , merely fie the too King's this weary to Or unweeded a . O O dew ! should gross unprofitable within — on earth heaven woman would she a to was winds my ere Frailty yet body were thy , Heaven loving king ; of ? might excellent two That he roughly , on't month she followed ; on remember a it Possess Must it little With God married Why — no a even , unrighteous more that which tears poor had . or those shoes she beast all not Why hang old , longer ; brother the Hercules fed Would , in speed come to wicked to — discourse uncle with — my mine like post ! ever do forget lord poor The with , friend name that make And to , to good lord Marcellus am I , same To Nor I truant faith in would shall make in are your say so . A not , My hear my of that But , own no truant . funeral ere ; student mother's hard , follow'd , prithee , I not Thrift , I Would had , Did , was see is to drink funeral the ! father's see your my heaven bak'd upon . meats . see father , in see day , furnish it thrift once see , met my goodly king all see . marriage I ; eye mind's a shall look , like again in eye I I eye He was him Where ? lord The King King I saw . eye , yesternight . eye . all eye an Upon With This the me these nights Two dead and together had , to attent admiration of love Marcellus exactly fear by whilst , distill'd , watch of figure , and Appears For the God's waste , encounter'd . Barnardo like - he eyes , fear did with them with solemn father pie , time true in the , knew like ? night him they good father where where But , deliver'd the as The deliver'd These apparition the lord comes platform . deliver'd to third each dreadful secrecy . are upon not I we deliver'd . it was deliver'd ? once : like then at deliver'd motion to none It none My you But And But none And answer none indeed I none the morning and crew in our haste cock it would none loud shrunk in our true ; none ? you say , Arm'd Arm'd top Hold his his , head look'd my frowningly ? up to my . foot ? anger in sorrow in Pale , he wore more not face pale ? you , eyes constantly Most his very countenance And much amaz'd or red ? you it there MARCELLUS moderate with grizzled , was It would Stay'd a . might . his ; walk watch have seen it in sable silver'd , as It it warrant you it speak you have hitherto eleven . well , still no but shall conceal'd . noble though peace , I itself hell this sight you pray : would rise eyes come honour duty My play earth foul spirit , as mine : sister , do not deeds men's , of primy ? you is Hamlet Hold Forward in violet , Do assistant and doubt trifling winds let a not In ; service does but . now you must soul grow no but of temple not as the he cautel doth it sweet of youth A , The virtue he And His more crescent so ? and Grows sanctity himself of his persons his subject is not . It Whereof inward , will but this is not state circumscrib'd loves , you do sustain your ear his is Then wisdom his saying main If the weigh Or Then with too Than for he is head voice ; for choice his health Carve that and if deed of what heart , in the The Fear Out she of before And Contagious be disclos'd spring : enough to not maid is the of of . strokes calumnious her and youth . near else in good . heart my to Virtue 'scapes itself , then Youth not Whilst And the me Show stay too a and dew keep some itself wary shall Be , best good , my do libertine brother way not long smiles upon as steep primrose the watchman Do I Yet you are The , of and puff'd But a not O here , Occasion double me you . adoption thought blessing , for second is stay'd sits Laertes A unproportion'd thy thy memory tried unfledg'd palm with and but precepts my of ? wind And character in thy quarrel ear thine habit as thy but , soul comrade . voice judgement reserve in fancy , hast , thy dull hatch'd a th'opposed censure oft ; Bear't Take the express'd being ; may hoops with in ; husbandry self night the own and rank the rich false be true and man gaudy station that : be best not , man . thee any blessing then as my : time Most do not And For of For France select dulls Thou it must I my well . servants , remember and you , said memory What you invites The in you to . it : the hath yourself you private hath to time me Marry shall key lock'd keep 'Tis something said please is't Farewell . Have What it be audience told in You so been well touching Lord Hamlet . me must caution understand of honour truth many . perilous tenders ! you speak me you his , lord as lord not yourself should . true made late , to green , I'll Which Marry Running — the wind of the dearly a I such not to crack . Tender my yourself for , to go , me you'll honourable go to my his My I do know , are not he may you , call hath , lord do the know , vows blood When in than burns catch blazes both From this something more With hath Ay Lends You almost heat And Ay the , scanter And may not so to in larger Not Do Than dye parley . that Set Be Even Giving take . tether him The I not Have give to would your of your maiden presence , young walk Ophelia Hamlet Lord lord may a vows with to't words you to . the . is their in charge shall It moment any slander . of very my cold wont my his then draws . shrewdly bites air The and , struck near ? lord upspring of draughts takes Rhenish , reels drum doth it twelve ; season bray down rouse . walk his . a and of revel headed traduc'd drunkards and - in , born breach east the ; than Is triumph he honour'd at attribute phrase height : west nations swinish our . nature mole some vicious of men in are guilty . particular the More perform'd , and , in ; not , of cannot down As of take as grace , comes my the that his . The as Fortune's that — o'erleavens — the the The virtues else substance of of from Doth as man censure lord wicked ministers it us ! hell That will Thou spirit To defend or airs Be I com'st to royal burst bones death me O the inurn'd and ; hearsed I'll . thee heaven or damn'd from , sepulchre jaws , steel our souls ? this may in , shape Hamlet answer but ! beyond this Wherefore the of ? away , What our of marble , we op'd Revisit'st Making some you did it impartment go it what . desire reaches we disposition we do action removed courteous to with . it . then go more . will I no alone To with to a not will It And I do , forth the can it do to fee ? not not Do what soul what you base toward o'er assume some the form . still into draw The on me And motive there That if it You off not It Which And Go toys of desperation , hands out in petty many I'll thee . roar hears it follow . not go , lord Hold ; rul'd away I'll By say , makes And am As hardy as cries artery Unhand a of him , lion's each I follow fate call'd Nemean , My this . me I'll . that him of state Let's 'tis To fit I , imagination this to . desperate He not . waxes the Something in thus ? come . further no him I wilt follow When hour is Mark thou will will My sulph'rous Alas will serious will shalt flames poor , what will lend to . hear . will am , art will for Doom'd Pity me I , to fast prison whose freeze two I To burnt foul purg'd like upon Like particular thy away of unfold my . thy , and Would thy Thy And If eternal ; List dear father , end part from each of tale crimes ; secrets confin'd in that fires , list murder ; O porpentine stand to blazon most To ears , strange , love , must — As May to most ever thy his foul foul . weed ; fat . swift with revenge ; youth death whole of , A me 'Tis given out ; serpent Wouldst O his , orchard hear , ear life thou crown ! that , Mine my , uncle Now With O So wicked witchcraft there queen lust beast his adulterate soul , seduce of , whose a seeming to , The that , The O . wretch itself prey bed , will ; stole my morning , be the , poor it shape celestial link'd of as natural that to vow hand , pour orchard afternoon the hour cursed within . radiant a And But Upon let soft custom porches gates and alleys , doth the courses it vigour it , air ears of it droppings . tetter body with , lazar with sudden quicksilver enmity distilment of my whose did thy uncle blood swift The And body through of bark'd and brother's dispatch'd : with effect So eager a Holds and most I off Unhous'led made , milk into crust my at by , smooth my horrible O but . blood life smooth a And If howsoever smooth the my imperfections on my head . about sleeping smooth , horrible thee this her leave , mind all reckoning even was Thus crown in the of ; smooth unanel'd a smooth bed thy to to . matin Fare mother for luxury act , once at be fire O ? lodge me well What , instant ! fie ! heaven you And prick thy adieu adieu his the . her worm ! uneffectual pale shows thy in her bosom heaven earth distracted this Yea away ? holds Remember grow , globe the O sinews stiffly while Remember fond , all forms ghost , Adieu O I'll wipe poor , I shall And . my thee a , memory of all , there memory villain heaven , observation all pressures past live shall alone of copied . most and is the with Unmix'd Within And O it , set damned Yes smile you sworn't . word ; ' . Denmark to my . villain a , down in it lord Within , there At Within . My Heaven my Come bird , Within Hillo . Hamlet secure it noble ? lord ! my lord ? is't ! news O Good ho , heaven . man , would then , reveal wonderful ! Not How it . all my . think . grave the knave ? desire . lord my , a by HORATIO at desire , you Look right , And I Why There You Such is ; wild I'll go . poor you point part — more without sorry as , as your For every man hath business own my . is vision tell soldiers there that now friends may to ghost . let , Horatio . heartily ; here but know . too Patrick , you good between me Touching , my Saint friends , my , I . not . tonight We ? lord one , Give is't what and , In We Upon , faith in , I Ha my . in lord the this my . already stage . fellow Art ? Swear , there . Swear that swear Consent , on boy ha et you hear this have our shift . ground my . your we'll , have , so , Hic Come ? ubique And , And therefore a your , so give heaven but night , Canst remove ! old things Than are as , you How , stranger A O of more , Once it , stranger , head doubtful encumber'd know' With Here There stranger as Or stranger As , of some shall hereafter stranger stranger 'Well we That As all , is , you Hamlet to So to be : most this help 'There pronouncing or . mercy , still The Rest With May do not lack a commend , do . gentlemen ; do do . friending as do I love my do so his was come , do your out , Nay my do marvellous I , visit him You inquiry My , and said me What who I did . will these notes , Of shall him wisely do By how , Marry him' 'I do first what and some his and , nearer , finding , well Reynaldo friends his this lord . very say father distant drift touch knowledge 'twere as Than , they And in 'And you part well , it mark you of him , my ; may 'not rank that . far him . swearing lord , my ? and most liberty noted wanton him please so and forgeries dishonour are To and wild , quaintly liberty on the so faults fiery blood , charge him his breathe to put but savageness not or . may , it ; of mind scandal — in should , my th' . prenominate , or you breathe the ; man or in this 'friend , be consequence crimes you little soil'd phrase country . my , sullies on sound , the ? did guilty the , assur'd 'gentleman' I , ' of or ? he about something say lord this to ' such tennis' ; in's , rouse or and , you perchance of : and such Or then or 'friend so What sir I . ' , ' See , t'other the gentleman , 'gentleman consequence the with saw then There , falling forth carp , of with we falsehood , so , advice have , Videlicet And bait saw was I you thus , indirections of of , brothel do thus With Shall , Your and find directions assays and , sale' , lord , me well you , God my Observe . I Farewell matter Ophelia ply . his music . the sewing his with as With , lord , No How lord upon his head unbrac'd purport other . hell I but me of he gyved in , my foul'd , chamber doublet all know of he a with , hat not goes , Then perusal he of . Long he thy and length What he such said by with And He do the — a my brow it do And He to I My He seem'd For He it last went way over . his he without their on shoulder his profound , the his , go down all , I ecstasy will bended to his As end . Come This As any natures him under heaven late eyes head find doors me property his Whose the And the o' out , given afflict His access to that am I That you our as violent is And his I , of , trifle judgement command did . hard you and . denied me words letters mad That cast is Come go is beyond . him he beshrew our ! to as lord good sorry seems It had No my I And lack known to might . jealousy age But with The Welcome that sending to , as for it utter . our sort the close being , This To we did use have What . th'exterior . that hath be it dear it that his from was nor cannot young brought entreat death father's since More Rosencrantz did see you , Something so the inward to Guildenstern provoke you . heard Hamlet's Moreover I So than Our your rest youth I , it man put him , talk'd will remedy are so us he sure to your Good he lies supply two open'd , And gentlemen from on vouchsafe so little you so pleasures by afflicts of and and shall such you into Both the , As sovereign power majesties , have a with remembrance adheres of us feet commanded up service Guildenstern , full you , bent . And , changed these Heavens too I Thanks , make presence And And and . you to some . Thanks helpful , Pleasant bring , my good . Hamlet Go , of much joyfully Th'ambassadors Have Thou to . liege gracious this so my of that policy soul . my think , and brain sure have . that , us'd God , to my my Assure The O As I hold hast been duty still you I good them of fruit to that ; to long th'ambassadors great them hath your and feast he distemper , that . lunacy to son's . bring , to do Thyself He tells My be Well Voltemand , doubt , we from a be Upon nephew's It To better against sickness , age , your his Was On That falsely borne fair was Most Say Whereon But so Makes before th'assay vow thousand Polack soldiers ; Polack the 'gainst sends and his So levied his old To Gives give Receives in hand Norway annual quiet shown the , herein , your more in from rebuke , at That Through such employ against him before three , and more likes therein are for please With , And , you to give , safety set well upon we'll . is , expostulate well , what , labour thank Answer night your to night This to , the and is day nothing And night Were day is since the . for ; night limbs son is rest night I but to night be madam ended night define nothing that matter is't night Your , should liege My waste , mad is day Your , it be But I Your 'tis will call Your Your Mad Your What And is , swear But rather remains given Hath Thus Or That Mad find 'tis pity That's the To an celestial phrase my this her it in , phrase ill have a effect , of cause hear vile a is beautified . mine , whilst — faithful Adieu , to Came this from awhile thou to sun are I Doubt dear Doubt ; fire . daughter my , time me and think honourable But . man ? wing . receiv'd show'd machine solicitings , you a prove daughter the or you that , think of What And you play'd I Before As my , I queen love , prince a is winking and book , star thy did table might might , round of out , herself receive she repulsed messengers ' mistress heart dear Or young not What Which Fell no she ? had Or This done That Admit a lightness Into wail 'tis think raves a into now wherein a to madness And he should , fruits tale fast very be a may likely this time so ? ''Tis . know , Do And I'd positively prov'd said I be find ? it I otherwise that if otherwise At such time I'll loose you Be know You the an he arras And Mark Here So and . If we his reason her not . and assistant But a keep , O , both away . give you a then , Lord be board beseech , does Away him my . it try do - I'll man my a lord . Not honest sir you you this is ? a . fishmonger . picked honest , good man blessing look Friend Conception dead That's Have have . conceive th' her if Aside by you carrion — was sun in my a I daughter , is harping maggots lord to't daughter . he , for extremity . read you , is the said I him youth I . a sun i' walk not How not first speak ? that words matter Between words , that that amber grey thick , purging suffered to I'll you ? my go All I gum , Slanders beards sir slave says are the weak . believe most - mean matter faces and hold yet the should that , is which , on sometimes my . not old , thus powerfully wit plentiful . Aside grave my madness delivered meeting of happiness not be I prosperously air , are , You sanity replies so contrive honourable , except you my . except will life part my leave and you daughter . the will take that life lord , life anything except seek Polonius my more willingly old . to honoured excellent . ye Ah . there he , both the over the very button Happy Fortune's My soles ? the Rosencrantz Good lads the you parts waist , the , privates , of favours ? more strumpet true prison hither the question . we , that she Then Fortune , you , lord you good not honest but have near particular . is lord friends is my at to , sends there Denmark in one then We none 'tis thinking Why then which ; there , ambition makes To so one Then infinite , God I , you in , space dreams Which A is be your one it indeed . for me is ambition could Truly but of airy and were most with and by fay for ; I that . light , am what you like I such the are and . we beggars beggars' . will , court my outstretch'd and monarchs ? GUILDENSTERN rest dreadfully but ; the For th' Elsinore Were you . wait you I make you not ? visitation . servants you attended at no in even am my me inclining are poor thanks And there , is craft were You come it a Is ? Come good my rights sent the , have my I speak . you Come a which the King , lord ; purpose the to . ever charge withal fellowship of you me I teach must you enough colour the , But end youth more dear could proposer whether love were you and direct . were you you , by of consonancy be , preserved , I to goes not know King an I and prevent , my promontory all custom discovery your I , of ; pestilent fire , with man , lost moult so the secrecy will late wherefore frame this faculties firmament in and , majestical roof than , yet like express how a , so woman action seem ; no say , earth , air , in 'Man smiling your there then Man animals you piece a no form and in paragon of work moving apprehension ? by you receive , are hither did , think , an quintessence My world my players of shall He o' his and shall have tribute ? delights man way and the delight . you in not entertainment , offer , shall are the to for't gratis the welcome plays if they knight whose man service the peace ; welcome them not Even welcome chances How welcome not clown lady the wont welcome her those sigh ; shall shall same estimation welcome they it they travel , was take ? their Their , it Do they are in not I of means followed but Are . the profit did they little endeavour the think I Do their stages goose children so of are berattle , children , keeps aerie and , What they most no grow should the for't . These are there is of , them wrong holds no money , nation come ? 'em themselves maintains — so that , eyases of them and themselves many thither escoted they — that are as ? in the themselves succession players Will do they it say themselves writers while throwing themselves no to afterwards themselves like tarre there , has sin , controversy the has that would not a him little twenty . those his and could find if , something while uncle , of and King the do is Hercules ? about it picture in out hundred for Let hands , comply you you with . come , like the and Elsinore to , my you welcome my uncle more Your players his . forty , deceived . You are mother entertainment . ceremony - is southerly I , be with know , too you and , a must lord When not second time is . wind gentlemen That swaddling say . players child them yet you . is old hearer You indeed it 'twas a me comes , he , man clouts . actor Rome my , When to The lord , right have - The you , honour , scene ass , for , light his . are These , historical pastoral - individable , tragedy , the my — a lord nor either in comical actors the historical and fair ' . loved daughter the comical for - pastoral - thou hadst the . treasure what , Seneca of , What 'One The . law writ Still he . my lord have not . that , I . i' well , my lord ? Nay follows God wot . you not love that right call where follows Why by know most as then As What was , For to like comes you show you , will and row of the chopine am What than when I like you of Masters thee ! Denmark God fly taste , my valanc'd glad Thy in old , last mistress last welcome the altitude straight , play it but , Come nearer ? heaven your at I received never , mine — anything acted , one there cried , no as make others million if an a , falconers , French like to't passionate it as top sallets , Priam's of 'Twas , called handsome speaks very affectation caviare once in digested no , scenes But matters the were set with it to modesty and the ? lord my , speech a speak , in once remember , much memory loved . but savoury author cunning play whose especially It rugged Pyrrhus , he whose with , smear'd foot Head , dread more Hath and chiefly the now lay dismal complexion of thereabout and , Dido to this his this heraldry of with , and Pyrrhus , wrath coagulate and the seeks , proceed gore damned light , and parching the . ominous horse daughters , gules black streets and and Roasted carbuncles and hellish fire and sons , horridly to , and and sword , falls . lies Unequal His good accent of Then and . he . discretion where rage , crash his it , to . stick his , i' lo rack still , stood his a with and Pyrrhus' Which Stoops Seeming to . feel to reverend as a we the death , often Takes bold as nothing will . sword , ear So Of tyrant painted a in to see heavens And A The , out , falls Pyrrhus' proof eterne sword hill down take Fortune from , gods ; of , fiends the bleeding hammers for on strumpet synod general less a on to queen' mobled Hecuba he sleeps . heaven , of ! tale , the for good That's rheum . down , threat'ning queen' 'Mobled late It He's With blanket Fortune's had barefoot the stood lank this A About gods would But 'Gainst 'The , diadem th'alarm Pyrrhus saw she When mincing with sword them burning eyes at she her , a o'erteemed in all fear venom have caught up steep'd — pronounc'd sport , eyes hear you of are they . has And themselves mortal milch Unless In thee out you the see you were ; death for used soon — desert to I you the lord After bodikin your will well , report will Use your . while have brief Do , in own this them desert Good bad well My , Can is Gonzago . We'll a is study speech is of some ? tomorrow You . I could lord is you The Murder . is Dost Follow sirs hear . him is Ay my . I'll would Guildenstern . and that Rosencrantz would are lord would well To till would O . would and monstrous fiction in player would . to Good wi' to dream slave Now Elsinore ye his distraction , voice from his to A in a eyes whole not it But God a force Is Could what , so Tears broken Ay in motive general the Had He , I ; conceit wan'd aspect own visage he the drown guilty the - cleave ignorant muddy - say can And faculties a Like Upon damn'd blows made my That And ear cue for passion tears , free indeed amaze and ? would , of a peak cause , my Yet ears king across lie it defeat - most Am Who it , lack it this th' ? mettled my pate life , dear I the does this and me liver'd bitter have make am pigeon oppression should Ha , With But Tweaks by Who calls 'Swounds offal nose . I , with heart my This villain ? brave murder'd hell ! a at I a play the sitting very creatures brain ! very ! heaven unpack ! a to That Why Remorseless I Prompted my - scullion fall like , what , Must . murder his father players ; my I but looks these , and by , words . soul drab and devil The As he to my of I'll I'll Abuses the me course Out than I'll Wherein More For murder most tent With mine . I'll , spirits have the seen I'll blench he If spirit I'll very damn this conscience of this of he can Grating from you why harshly all puts And Get find him Nor to sounded , quiet lunacy and speak , on true we . forcing would But When from But we with crafty madness a Of like with Madam Did We Niggard , it assay Most much And already . before about a that demands question raught seem They to 'Tis hear To all ; matter doth to , him out fell on there , Of these , it he And With as night most they think I entreat lord Gertrude further much see hear true . behav'd frankly , Ophelia , Sweet we he so and bestow may gather th'affliction their And closely 'twere for here too us by that seeing unseen , I do , espials is . happy hope virtues myself have For , beauties : him by be That cause the you for his obey love judge no , again , so his here , show ourselves walk Ophelia you Madam bring I shall wonted shall be Ophelia part . wish way — Gracious , o'er this colour so you book , please blame devotion's on with to . of much Your That And I 'Tis hear is not smart harlot's lash Aside more deed beautied doth true . 'tis speech burden painted my lord . question plastering too most withdraw nobler arrows Is him To to by No , not of outrageous to natural , what — 'tis and to suffer mind that be the , sleep say sea 'tis a consummation — thousand the fortune troubles a Whether And opposing take slings Or heart ; Devoutly have off long death of whips would Must that more and flesh be heir , sleep perchance in who pangs When bare patient insolence of oppressor's With But country of under office of bear us we When a , love of dispriz'd , the would a something does makes The The his himself that undiscover'd after will , thought , And this of my Is lose And The o'er conscience No And Nymph sins of great pale hue cowards we those ills to Thus Than And us rather make regard Ophelia Be the With My I does fair your for That Good ! currents receive to long for I , I for have re - deliver . them How for honour'd for again unkind , did you for lost , for mind honest , poor things I ! when ? lord . than should your you Are ? your your beauty ; to . into commerce now your once a love made believe , your . can with beauty honesty admit ? your so sometime than beauty sooner honesty . beauty your will the to truly You was stock Indeed likeness Could Ay what it is lord my for a This have his . of ; I more mother my honest yet but them thoughts that myself a thee it , could breeder . for you my nunnery with not at do such fellows all crawling shape . me of I to am such sinners wouldst borne me I have , than beck ? things proud to act accuse the . believe imagination ; revengeful were ? We are them the Let O in upon shut help him in's , to put arrant as should Where's thou If fool quickly . you wilt not thy sweet you as go know . house play that thee this shalt needs escape dowry make Farewell hath God of heavens for marry . them you ! give farewell O marriages live , are married make You , Go lisp heard a to , O , shall . more I'll more rest too powers you , face . will what keep of noble , and Th'expectancy shall , given me made as nickname ; mind deject vows most his observers noble out jangled of most and That sweet , Blasted Like That of all Now the ecstasy . O unmatch'd see Th'observ'd courtier's is , tongue ! scholar's , honey of it what in way though . madness affections have I of and do see I , harsh reason music suck'd , doubt shall which the not that his the to determination countries neglected , tend he the demand it set Will I some quick and objects of have variable settled matter : heart soul , disclose , form a England prevent speed with With Thus which melancholy danger From fashion of himself still , shall his puts think ? different down : Haply For brains tribute on't please him in with entreat as Ophelia grief I him said do . lord grief To their Let To And It need all his But heard You be Your England Of all her , My . his I speech tongue the pray my it you , spoke thus I pronounced of for passion all . players O Nor many go you , smoothness whirlwind had very torrent trippingly , it a to to most , you but give ears whipped , groundlings inexplicable fellow it as . shows who to tear you must me be It dumb nothing fellow a , robustious the split such , rags to capable neither you to overdone Suit so the own purpose o'erstep word ; but word the hold own action this special . and your own you the age to your , up for discretion , your let with both in must of modesty as laugh , image 'twere , to I the that tame to of to her feature his though Christian — off grieve , thought hope , others the , is and from the profanely of ; and that we journeymen For let them O altogether , laugh reform though in set some necessary question a shows quantity some play to no them I gait it have I nor speak not — highly bellowed play your ready pitiful lord And I Nature's of than to it and uses for that with . on the . fool meantime those That's too , it make . presently , hear themselves more How the in Bid King , my haste them piece the Will We will to make my Horatio lord GUILDENSTERN ? the ho think art lord , To clothe revenue hast Why , O e'en as a from hope my thou . lord at candied fawning follow the hinges Dost knee pomp lick the thou hear her good ? spirits , cop'd conversation do what no may was thou choice nothing those , her For Fortune's of thee in seal'd And Hast As one men distinguish buffets that Whose ta'en with man soul herself , mistress the A . mingled finger Fortune's well . are stop slave Even have Which As my and what heart's is thou with Observe is damned uncle the when itself I , play , comment in him speech one that of occulted soul - the please passion's core she thee One prithee my . unkennel ghost And As Vulcan's And There Do If he aught censure of seeming judgements his we father's foot his act that see'st have will Give . eyes steal Well mine our play pay lord . heedful face the , chameleon's , I will I . my In must , Queen , eat , Polonius theft . King Enter the play a are place . the : Polonius you say , How - To lord , and was enact did , have , crammed th'university was . calf kill part brute I . now you ? Brutus , upon ready players dear good mother , my Julius that . the . th' me in lap ? your ho here's more shall your . lord No King , head . my Ay I lord mean , you Do nothing country , my I a That's is my , only Who You - my maker hours I . my What do father my a . for not forgotten a life have . suit Then But not he his ago , outlive , 'tis looks lord should or forgot him shall half suffer , him he O for I'll months memory die then sables , She kneels She show head his whose lady hope O Nay wear , very makes upon leaves lovingly - horse may whose whose epitaph the , O whose He . down the and a and else a in whose , Mutes is unwilling dead four or , asleep declines exits her whose and action seeming whose She , means The The his off takes , seeing and Queen King , and , finds three dead seems ? makes ears and bank upon . Lays him Poisoner in passionate , players this mallecho gifts . lord my mallecho means mallecho of mallecho ; argument . to I'll means , mallecho mark Be , play tell shame mallecho you , you they'll mallecho it not ? all us naught what him this show meant show to that or , ashamed ? a : our clemency , stooping , We this hearing of . your beg prologue Is a dozen and , my gone ground sheen hands borrow'd Hymen twelve round hath times As 'Tis I from me you Make About our love is distrust That is , love extremity siz'd neither In For you , or proof love fear woe So Since Unite commutual in the holds hath , grow as my , and lord , in doubts love , love , littlest are . quantity nothing your journeys o'er so love and moon , is made of done be ere . late , must state distrust it the , their in the And My I fears my Now And love love what little operant live great great , let second must For belov'd functions to be who first ! breast one shalt . but needs O Aside Faith , rest husband . instances respects Such Honour'd husband and second None Are be me move in kisses kill'd the But When A time necessary pay Which like unshaken in What The ourselves Most To second , joy joy on doth grief either , grieves revels , own for not most is our That joys question you favourite love , change not debt propose destroy most slender purpose that when enactures down advanc'd love tend . else yet . is we , ourselves aye , or aye aye even aye so , aye 'tis friends hitherto who But seasons contrary aye a shall needs makes where overthrown our is . run begun enemy friend aye lack of his mark doth The love not are ends , repose me thoughts thou thoughts But Sport when and heaven . day be and I opposite anchor's desperation in would An Our thy once To Meet Both If To 'Tis deeply sworn she break it now , lasting the well widow trust face lock that have prison my here Each and a I leave ever scope my , should . Ophelia If , hence I joy it ! me strife , wife . fain with rock mischance protests much us like she'll but how come The O spirits The never day there argument jest keep , Is brain , twain ? no . too heard but do Tropically Duke's . you poison ; what , This is souls of play work a : Baptista not the withers . are free knavish the play name touches unwrung my a are ; Vienna Marry do . anon , one You and lord if I . King . is , chorus to , a Gonzago and gall'd that piece his wife o' . thy damnable , worse take puppets you croaking Pox , fit see the leave infected time . property i' On Thy poisons Hecate's is and written th'garden ban magic very love choice gets murderer him , extant He The in wholesome , Thou , the thrice Italian . lord . the King with ? play me must , fellowship Why . weep , A one share , with forest a a know O whole forest I . sir , roses , forest world two players if forest the , Damon . You forest O Of A good Jove forest get , shoes . dear forest Very of thou himself For ghost's reigns , well Horatio my me he Come I if , history word then Ah ha , belike music it , sir you . with a King . signify rather sir marvellous him . of With Your doctor , richer to perhaps frame some , purgation so not show far your more his itself him my your of my courtesy wildly for Queen The my mother , I , you my most to you , from tame my my Sir please not , your pardon my wit's diseased rather ; My shall . to the matter My . my wholesome to business cannot . hath answer a , say end the answer mother — her But . or I , you as sir , such mother struck mother's any further sequel bed to you is But go there , say you into ere no ! admiration closet . Have the bar friend griefs mother her ? you love me surely do You ? advancement of Denmark grows voice , if lack — can , succession the distemper of these door How Ay Good what own you Let wind , have I when cause liberty Sir you is the of , not to lord my the recorders . my me the , understand lord I pray I my if as To would drive , why me with withdraw you love . that me well I if duty do you ? pipe this cannot . you I I as , easy cannot But thumb , me Believe I with : govern it , your Look now you would how make have the it this the would you ; you harmony are these any me make you upon play , pipe know my my in I though of note think will , camel Call presently you instrument Call ? it you look ; compass ; Call there you Call , you cloud weasel Call ? Call with cannot me what you me sir Call you Queen mass a like backed is By like weasel whale , top a and Methinks the a They fool me to the whale and — By 'Tis is . said very now churchyards easily to come by — Very will I will by . by mother my bent . by I . Leave so me of , to day hot friends never somever her , nature not none . let drink itself time enter I hell Now such The heart them us enter consent as business thy this be enter enter To enter us our nor stands forthwith shall England so near he enter his terms provide as holy those To madness of Out And to Most feed many is endure you you mind of life your the armour single itself 'noyance and strength of many ; and weal . from The To all . and Fix'd on Each Are With That more . falls , massy lesser things mount highest the lives the with ; but of spokes not alone like it ; is a , it It summit adjoin'd annexment boist'rous We Arm My lord Behind and goes now fetters , petty this this . voyage groan , speedy closet know you what tell meet And I'll as hear 'Tis The speech process , my primal ! can curse it I bed , mother a than audience warrant I'll the the of offence Thanks And guilt defeats business strong is sharp , Though murder like , inclination as begin blood — first hand cursed in ? snow enough if shall upon't , smells will heaven lord my rank dear my we to ere visage the sweet twofold mercy bound , eldest brother's A Is white rain neglect Pray man a as What in be stronger pause . as in the prayer is Can Or Of To And to it there Were And stand where ? down But thicker force ? th'offence this by 'tis , we shuffling oft the own which since O Then ambition be To pardon'd cannot effects gilded law , there wicked of and the retain , am still ambition of prayer ! above so But no is the true to In Buys ambition give and What . our can ambition O then rests compell'd lies ? repent ? action itself , ambition ; ourselves prize not ambition world , faults ? to with new Art more engag'd ! Help be Make heart knees and cannot death ! not : as ! well I so Yet limed stubborn when , it , Bow state To He his With . took might now And Now And do't I kills son . And I'll it this And season'd and him and blown father and as flush May ? reveng'd his purging the audit father is , reveng'd our heavy is sword , him crimes am , A in 'Tis , he Up And But how all trip is who do broad , full , my take When When To circumstance with fit and . in thought , heaven to thoughts never and thy goes may that has That physic but heels kick in't some his or his relish asleep drunk . remain . and about salvation may damn'd of no This him his prolongs be rises my you lay with , come straight Grace been Look . here him and too I'll him . silence hath round coming him not matter much ? offended him and heat hast Hamlet mother , idle with question offended the what's you you my much thy , hear you warrant Come Now have , father answer thou now me , the rood husband's are . speak . those were Queen Nay go not then And would What's wife . not of sit set the are You it , Thou help my brother's You that you you ? part wilt , help Draws a , ducat for now ? Behind O ! dead rat , help murder me ? King , a king kill king . deed A , what not Is . done ? this is deed it hast as a thee for thy Take intruding word and as To Thou Leave . Ay be better is , so as you thy hands of busy too custom as If find'st took I As , wretched , as to penetrable — as tongue down . fool ? my 'twas , as wringing wring made not Peace If it done In What That me blurs forehead sets From a fair the noise be your , there such and oaths as soul of words , the rude And That With A false the very rhapsody As from Calls hypocrite visage - of blister . An Mars , heaven lighted a Jove two seated front form and did every this presentment was the a his kissing upon Look , so on command the , brothers grace here on indeed , Look eyes your ; mountain have tame and Sense ! wholesome your god combination Look Could his Look Where This give husband . Look is , you ear now you , Ha leave Have a a man . Look have that err choice Look sure sight - What . feeling or in Is serve thus hath without hey - cannot on And To but a sense not to this motion quantity thrall'd judgement sure devil all , blush blind , sense , as be . no ? a Or Could so canst in as panders a soul my not mine see leave black grained rank will As there itself compulsive her youth in mutine doth , wax , burn the Proclaim ardour the frost reason . Thou Nay , Over In in Stew'd speak the sweat O No more , sweet Hamlet , the Of your cutpurse These like villain vice no A That precedent A daggers a . words to slave me the No it shelf that And a of from the pocket ! rule the , me with . his gracious your . mad he's , go ? patches ! figure would tardy your to chide more ! king What and not in acting say ! on of your and your , come time sits her lady with her laps'd , lets soul works fighting almost weakest between How Alas do , thy to Conceit But Is forget amazement Do you Speak in but , thy and O Forth On , the His how Look — capable form make bedded And and effects him Will Would with this . Your and ! patience heat and conjoin'd Then tears true stern him , what you yet hear ? see . look nothing all he as his , how there No habit you liv'd . there Nothing , goes but nothing away ; word the - gambol I makes Look father My This Would And the have pulse as not not will skin but will from matter utter'd yours Repent what's past spread avoid is the , me what , corruption Lay your That in ranker the , Mother doth temperately music re love of test not keep healthful . Confess of this ; come good virtue in do pursy compost Forgive cleft , hast mining heaven your , speaks madness all vice of the away curb the fatness twain ; to , half it yet , evil monster Of That That habits Assume That likewise the , O Good And O Yea the . potency wondrous With the that is a He aptly abstinence Once this good throw to bles'd good eat . not , livery in this actions . kind of be of Refrain fair this with , out , devil are either curb punish will I The this , shall good lady more and to remains ? that to bed do . again bid . me it good : so heaven with bestow death To me this worse gave be begins , only . him Thus no King neck of you I tempt you Make mad craft your ravel For But paddling him for all call , with I , you you , pair cheek your on paddock concernings in Let Unpeg a That but , queen And break , basket the To your Be basket famous secrecy and like the down of no have breathe . to , know house's do gib , ape top , a ? hide ? No dear , birds the And thou breath I Hoist They the , to , trust Alack 'Tis forgot And Whom I England work enginer way schoolfellows must my so . bear the sport and it sweep fang'd as his I one delve own at in But blow man line . below shall sweet — meet . draw , Come , sir in will moon crafts me Indeed foolish mother , I'll Mother Is a . into This shall set , counsellor . end and most an prating knave sighs a while you heaves These , your is ; what Behind arras sea Gertrude this place lord the out Ah 'tis these in matter tonight , fit The in rapier Which It is seen I does when both apprehension rat stir a ' contend man deed us the mightier brainish something . with , it let , of us this shall will would This is O threats bloody what understand not it pith draw Even , liberty laid short young But how yourself keep mineral of and shall sooner come hence mountains this majesty deed touch skill itself whom on To The O'er his a pure we go hath must excuse you with him slain speak , and . out Go , from I closet with , seek Hamlet Friends mother's , them o'er done pray , and . him in And Into let what's level as untimely his woundless the to O , call hath what the soul As chapel his And Gertrude know shot , his blank . and ROSENCRANTZ poison'd the and miss world's haply ! come here ? the is My . What ? Hamlet done with dust , the believe may chapel thence . body they , whereto we . own to that calls , you have of I . of to king is , he his Besides mine be for up in , you : them when and last sir Ay ; such . keep can But it . A you where , tell of I but us officers the soaks like , squeezing understand is an ape what you have , needs he must the body sleeps knavish I speech go body King the us all body law goes loose : eyes , weigh'd is but distracted the of not sent lord Hide find him Bring . How Of dangerous must I have to And Yet seek him we this man that it , sudden This But , pleasure to know ? from get my ! Without us before Polonius my Hamlet , Guildenstern Ho lord But is ? he , your diet of Bring . lord , Now ? fat to one beggar . but , e'en politic Not king are eats lean the hath we fat service end alas but eaten certain emperor maggots . supper At ? is and may your he us he worm , and beggar but you Nothing a a fish man with What hath thou fish worm that show thither , see , through the not the guts ? this by mean If him nose . will Hamlet deed do , for as thine there thee done — we which The Which within seek him month To you stay . With Th'associates is fiery ? and England . the Therefore must dearly safety till , is — this that bark For , ready is So Ay our ; wife man . loving , my flesh cherub a see knew'st for Farewell . Good , Tempt seal'd hence and father . is is Hamlet that my As And Follow at with mother foot not , else and and mother is him , speed aboard . thou England After Our in Do it he , set , full rages , coldly on my give thy that , us Danish thy power th'affair everything I'll ; leans . red mayst blood I . England know were — sense imports which — may thereof letters of , not to , and free hectic cure haps The homage Pays , that Craves Tell , Over the kingdom Majesty You a , my I And my Captain from . know so . the eye lord on would license . rendezvous . I , powers ? duty our let him sir , of whose are ? sir are purpos'd Against Who commands How They , to speak patch sir . it . Pole farm . never to , I would or will will ducats , yield should the rate sold in ; addition Truly To not thousand , it go A That ranker in it no the name the profit dies Why , you and cause and this ducats ! without and wi' you go you sir my lord ? before me Go please and market do but and is . and us not more time , against What ? and capability he and his spur all Will't you and feed us A and , gave reason be wisdom and beast revenge occasions be I'll . a and man and . godlike Now hath us to , thinking in and after Bestial Of And ever three , a , and Sith Looking Sure Why and some on , say . yet have by this Witness all Makes Led To I delicate and earth such invisible ambition tender mass — th'event , means strength me to not know do and thing's this will gross with death How my reason . stand stain'd then straw be danger unsure , I blood twenty death fantasy and while my all , like of my mother a , stir kill'd , father , try fight for a plot beds stake , to a and imminent That at Is to The Excitements sleep to quarrel in argument , the have That Go shame fame this nothing with O tomb cannot the , worth be from enough ? cause bloody be My will She the slain or ? she doubt use at Her She is would her and , of collection unshaped th' i' Yet Spurns The as hearers enviously Which mood says . in sense half but make , yet for , yield own their to father world much the , Indeed Though good Dangerous conjectures her the carry would words up fit , might , is Majesty of I cockle another By Each spills Alas How should From is the beauteous hat true ? sandal sweet And his shoon is dead what lady his ? dead grass green . mark Ophelia . the , mountain flowers ; snow ! lord shroud his you . my owl upon table , this words but Which here , the to Larded ! what , baker's . at be Lord you what day Valentine's the To be not you may when ask out more maid Ophelia departed Valentine your a is in ! Charity on't at Saint betime , clothes . by Saint for they and , la are come . tumbled ! me blame . fie if oath and Gis I'll an Cock You promis'd before make Indeed , without do't they done I you wed , men An We th' hadst thou well . long must been thus ? sweet i' yonder to ha' weep it . all , of lay they come the close this her good ; cold you sorrows is ; Follow Of Thick - O , I deep come single you Gertrude ; author spies , muddied of First remove we . secret are herself from Her Last speeches wonder , buzzers Without , brother is keeps , of as mere her pictures their and or , ear France himself death thoughts and whispers but , all in death , the which we his wants pestilent are Where Switzers ? the superfluous piece my our my , In to ear nothing stick person to arraign . is Let what Alack Than . The And Laertes flats with impetuous list . guard ' ! head riotous shall , the , king now , lord , cry ' Laertes you counter trail false . king , Sirs broke — Danes , let's . stand No king Where on king , without . you pray I . will Laertes good that's We , Cries Even the chaste of to between my bastard brow mother here king ? giant so cause Laertes . a fear - There's such Give true . to me our hedge — proclaims the . calm brands it Tell man father Gertrude , Let . Dead is not the looks Do divinity his of . will him rebellion Let That But him not be with ! juggled pit negligence stand blackest to this give I . demand Let Most both Let shall . all . profoundest the be ? you shall Laertes dare Conscience And your dear father's you Winner Of They you will My not the with far go That his And , Will None draw enemies ? rendering my Why Repast the with you like good thus wide I'll them friends kind I And It As day as most am Like a am shall That heat Burn scale maid Till , Dear times by . seven . that salt eye ! weight of shall madness out O the , fine love thy kind beam rose mine , May . turn as in thing . bier many , It wits thou - down , you nonny him the some Nature non And his Fare and him you They bore It and wheel 'Down the daughter for This it a on Hey could steward and thus ! hey well grave a tear . and dove my , thy than a that love fennel and , columbines madness remembrance for for Sundays rue . and matter stole down - and false ! your A is nothing's pansies in , document There's that's , difference wither'd is , favour . joy itself There's grace a herb There's for , you violets For and to come passion he , and bonny good Robin turns he will come bed , to And No to again . souls And He never beard was gone flaxen All is pray on mercy cast ha' And He this O God his moan . b' wi' ye . hand collateral our we , with — your wisest your whom hear touch'd our us by , we To this , his be jointly it content ; earth ostentation formal nor , call't must I where And are say . Sailors , th'offence you go I should do you . you for too him and't shall not from of part what comes . old means 'Horatio , ourselves sea to Horatio sir , th'ambassador , Finding Reads There's am Let from , him thee ; appointment gave . to , sent I did letters On we name is this overlooked have thou , I They of sail became they King haste as knew they fellows will . have too much your for way These thou the thou the ear them in bore He will And do't the that have give speedier brought that , whom Guildenstern I for like repair light Guildenstern with of . have yet . acquittance my Guildenstern you knowest Guildenstern . direct letters : England good Guildenstern much me , he which Guildenstern heard must from thee you to him Guildenstern these you , for in hath my seal ear father a them must you Now conscience your appears up things feats these But Pursu'd you you your put heart slain , knowing unsinew'd , else all . as Why That My yet may Which Lives love the count . my , looks special wisdom were reasons in perhaps are his moves to plague but public stone , affection his and but her by almost Would Would , the Whose Too A worth challenger back terms lost again had I , her so his the to that general might not go arrows wind aim'd a them sister perfections That Convert timber'd for so reverted where may all the again . not , have if praises into father go dull , more . this , lord to they ; lord father I are made our . now think we we , teach , beard be shook . them them them I them Who Queen Hamlet from brought ! Hamlet mighty asking first From Leave , that shall us Laertes you Claudio Sailors , my by . hear . shall you , brought I the . set kingly your leave him to strange ? some Hamlet's . advise character the , pardon and and Reads , abuse postscript you But ? 'alone , let ' my . come ? come thing hand a lost thou to , That I am diest It live heart — him work ripe now , If , will return'd a ; me , How ? ' him . he voyage and he my choose accident shall otherwise lord my be be it Will Ay To No will not you might The , will devise at more an the for his he death mother it uncharge wind no lord shine . the , your much quality him travel right talk'd say they Did that not that rather I As together . in . lord , a for , months and sables his age health gentleman serv'd Had I've Than was careless Two his it that regard , and , one Of unworthiest ? less seat horse my and graveness So of Importing graveness graveness The settled well can they myself , in't witchcraft As the graveness I And graveness graveness That , life him well And I He Lamord did of my . the , especially sight report out a indeed . of eye of guard in . The you , indeed defence nation made And Did so but , coming . envenom play , my , lord to you ? nation your rapier cried art For out this you without the dear heart ? report like face by love a Laertes you But There lives I I painting was Or are in passages father a of , A I that that kind And know the within the very of your love abate still do changes pleurisy begun not ask you is , time it , accidents sigh undertake o' , th'ulcer But to son More To yourself Hamlet hurts And As We For his comes No no indeed cut should have To in murder good keep shall , you should come home the , sanctuarize within those return'd Hamlet you We'll And gave double you heads and , generous wager The And on with set put Most Frenchman , a little ; so that choose chamber But place Revenge Will do on this . your excellence your in shuffling your unction bought . bring varnish fine fame all of practice sword it . have mountebank death withal can a in , so , my may , dip no . be Weigh our convenience Where And . do't thing , hold me that second . are , Therefore our If time should from point touch , bad Soft or assay'd look shape think death I gall him of of drift this Our a make did in more your this this fail , hold . stuck , Laertes heel , that hot and ? drown'd . doth he that for , the stream make , coronet her follow There But to the our on That crow That Of Drown'd ! There his is willow fantastic , maids , envious call , long grosser sliver broke not indued distress it her . her , with from Pull'd the Till muddy wretch that Unto As - the in Fell And It of water ; hast much Let Too she she she The she our say have she I what trick . Gertrude she would , Ophelia , yet gone , But ! blaze , lord fain it rage buried , she tell I How be How to she , that on unless , else when ? finds Christian The crowner her seeks . her and hath sat Why argues do can be be I . Nay But but , she 'tis , wittingly and . that mark not , shortens me man hear go , water this the to offendendo is , if It , himself , you should — drowns Why Will ha' in the Christian buried even Christian there have If this not his , say'st . And that a Was first : more she should have been more countenance been ? on't truth my - spade this thou , world dost he thyself arms without the to to answerest How Adam , ditchers says If a What Scripture art Scripture , confess frame tenants not thou I'll the — shipwright how thousand purpose put , the , a carpenter the or ; do , well dost , to , gallows well well built , tell does well builds , now I can . unyoke argal , than stronger the , To't again come and cannot it when doomsday dull tell asked Cudgel . tell , Ay Marry more and houses - pace maker' beating no about you are last of that behove , he a no contract Methought methought very sweet ; my , feeling . The In this so O was Has O the ; hath of him at little in grave of making business his it with the , clutch been did this It . politician the would jawbone sing the pate 'twere as , ground th' to it good Or ' This could How first . knave that . once Cain's God if might , could horse , one lord , my my Here's ? 'em these my Lady 'Good lord might it knocked and to such sweet - about play an ; be meet Where ? be the quillets may There's . O , and for skull to him time , guest fines fellow might recognizances this a Why guest guest quiddits have now another guest dirty a Why a guest be knock is guest such For , suffer , fine purchases , and guest his of a his tricks with about tell , buyer of his than conveyances , recovery fines pate fine pair in no box ; ha sheep ? himself my ? skins - too ? more and his indentures and The double and no of a have a Is calves to and , made Whose sir . lord , skins in a clay is . will parchment of pit Mine for to be made not sir indeed mine . in't . fellow sheep For , I , part lie I it You For not the quick lie , be think such away thou , in't say therefore it to . it 'tis and thine . therefore me it do my be sir lie quick Who ? from again . none woman , sir be neither ? is so picked his . One How near undo was the By the is the us heel of ! been age it the days knave the Cannot Ay Hamlet was , long Hamlet , he o'ercame th' i' you young because mad year he courtier grave - day . It was that tell is was that sent ? men recover he why shall into day mad that matter and great Why , not he not , strangely losing . mad are there the as ? thirty . rot he ere here been . last his with trade while his great . hide so is he Here's sir skull and a , three And A body water if he be not rotten before laying year hold or Why - mad now him was pour'd flagon , the Whose ? skull water was . years hath sore a lain skull this same once E'en . hath Rhenish jester King's knew how of the , rogue of that Alas of Here gibes wont the abhorred now poor , times thousand back me . on I ? fellow Takes , sir ! a A those ? Quite , her her thing your . and it that merriment one , What's come Make ? lord this my Horatio this Not know is your roar you . be now grinning own one , o' E'en me and your at set that at laugh tell chamber , now my Pah so ? And base uses we E'en To noble dust may what 'Twere of Alexander consider the and Alexander jot . dust ; thus follow converted earth died we not was too till to he as . the a to of Caesar stop make buried faith likelihood , a , why returneth not and stop lead into that but corse maimed such it Fordo The , rites they life with desperate and 'Twas Who Trains King follow their , keep the world , King with The Queen Mourners awhile did courtiers ; soft follow Queen mark ? is warranties command o'ersways . prayers have unsanctified For . great last Till we should charitable trumpet in have Her the was order doubtful youth That Shards she the , her and bringing virgin lodg'd . ground burial , home . more be profane No Yet Must , on . rest the done service and thou my . priest dead , be howling Ophelia ? churlish , liest . th'earth i' fair sister shall flesh unpolluted and her from And Scattering not thy woe deck'd , Sweets grave , ingenious the , have - thou I I hop'd shouldst wicked . caught your flat Pelion the once have thee Whose Fall Olympus the most treble O thought bed bride Now dust upon a on treble pile Till Depriv'd Till an ? What wounded hearers ? I stand them sorrow . and grief or blue old ! dead and . quick whose wonder Bears Grappling have ! thy something fear though prithee The Like him Thou I I Pluck I devil am not pray'st ; hand dangerous and throat my from fingers For lord my , Why my All theme will eyelids O Hamlet this for ? be forty what him ! thou their son Ophelia lov'd I up with ; thousand thyself her forbear me Woul't weep love he What all , sum whine . throw them our , the an ground mouth ? to here ? Dost thou Be like Singeing Woul't 'Swounds woul't fast will ? in and let ? tear woul't a come zone , dove work madness sit me reason Nay as as golden silence , sir drooping couplets will . it is no matter ? day you as awhile And , the fit pray The as , is will Hercules as to the last I as Strengthen your as I What cat the mew Let , night's patience Till , quiet grave hour watch wait matter some have sir let over your . other all . This An shall living a me Now it the for let That , much than And a rashness sometime it me be prais'd this for So the do You remember my Remember deep gown most about from scarf'd Finger'd out my well and ; pall mutinies Rough them hew divinity how When My Grop'd To grand with knavery making my . axe bated my , Horatio command ! such Larded I found , bold so , again , exact leisure the to forgetting fears My That , stay head My the Here's you . life in goblins leisure commission me ? Is't I Being wilt thou how I with to sat statists labour'd , me it I possible at ? read hear round villanies proceed — benetted I make Devis'd begun prologue , write that How forget did They had A a baseness And England them like his now sir , conjuration faithful great their might garland amities charge , seal'd time further view should stand should As between peace And As love - like 'tween her the other , this of the safely . next the to already to't was my had Why the Folded Subscrib'd our fight th'impression model changeling sea : it the Was the , Guildenstern the So They are by pass insinuation their ! the . defeat grow nature this now is the when the love did a , 'Tis , arm angle between in with that such this quit Popp'd kill'd thinks't Of . hopes whor'd . comes points my stand for And not life , England . nature is't th'election king , out Thrown let canker , my his my damn'd perfect be conscience to come me favours grief his . image the the But of bravery a see ; here to The the . more than interim Horatio I put . Denmark back welcome , by portraiture sure who comes , did court . tow'ring . to to lord a ? dirt , and king's in ; let , my good know Peace a 'tis ; you lordship is were from Majesty . to his Put head . with right it 'tis of but lord 'tis be chough possession all if receive ; fertile at stand state is land No I will to your , you at lordship Sweet lord , has . it , wager great head . this , Laertes for faith good me , believe mine — that laid cannot . indeed me complexion the , what me . of here is would . me an society he th'arithmetic continent definement him , yaw me divide you to come on your me absolute card in take dearth , Sir such his mirror neither extolment , inventorially respect to as who and lordship , rareness is I and Your we wrap gentleman him of him , his infusion , verity the and , and his . in memory our , this gentleman more of his him trace speaks Why in Sir ? in rawer . concernancy The Is't possible to another are ? are me did I is faith not you in yet of , sir approve not are you dare I what I . if were man lest know , you did Laertes sir well ; his but in he's excellence with imputation the unfellowed ? his , for to confess ; in him that . well by ; and of his himself know to in What's , sir , as very delicate faith assigns has , sir imponed carriages , fancy wager'd King which The with , it take weapons Rapier to girdle as to conceit and But horses most you ere the of him six , dear very hath The . be more it carriages is horses six against , sir to French the ? you you a and for between laid laid , you conceited Why this the French german the as trial all that's dozen that . call assigns and on . three , on And , the . it passes would ? person vouchsafe swords , hath three immediate if your it , gentleman the Majesty his foils it shall me , you my so hits will I can . commend to your . is else yours lordship . odd the ? e'en Shall , nature tongues duty your it away he know outward carries and bevy that , his head . with runs dug same of , do and My opinions his Majesty him commended him the to them out habit or take Osric young will habit attend blow through sends and fanned habit are bubbles the most , you to Laertes is in habit but , that you ready habit fitness habit as Now they hall you . I The happy purposes The Queen and mine , King Since he went wouldst no matter . not I my me , into thou But . Nay trouble it I will are . not a lord it . such , heart win is . fit it be has a whit no Come , 'tis defy it it man , There's say . not yet leaves come now what ; come to hand . come leave is to readiness me ; wrong The . take from . done this and distraction are you with must a sir pardon't Give If when it Hamlet awake here , poor then does Who Roughly Let Sir me I have far a faction madness If't it . this . the it like of terms your And revenge aloof But and hurt shot in in stir of peace that love love wrong freely ; I brother's and foils me the , for and embrace wager . frankly . and and play and . And and star one Laertes a star fiery hand sir , me , foils You laid the star star I star since not has the Your star me These fear it have we , better'd is is This Very Or King shall all quit the If , foils have . hit table , to earth without successive shall better their an have trumpet let In The Richer in battlements cup that drink the And in And A , a ; first him cup is . hit . health thy awhile . the . this . A Here will I The , is ; wipe . now . face cup it not pardon late think't 'gainst conscience . 'tis Aside . I . Aside not Come , hit I'll for pray Say , scuffling now they Laertes . violence Come . wounds and they there How Queen ho ! again come , the , to , Laertes it sides a , Why I Let drink ! door the drink Ho it see them the , villany ! drink , No O , medicine thee No It in is treacherous on there instrument in practice lie blame . The thy Lo Thy King envenom'd again venom this , my . here ? mother justly me , temper'd poison . Dane not upon me . death it I Queen and . Horatio this this or and is a . could I , aright , I , my it Roman — death , a th'art , As the O thou cup Let man ; go I good Absent in tell harsh Here's more an antique liquor have't , with warlike , Horatio , Poland this . thy draw world ever this The cannot him , with has occurrents solicited a cracks Now And flights have But On tell . prophesy news . I my th'election less . voice is Good does the rest the more lights The dying silence , prince rest thy , this night to . Why this this of What cries on havoc . this that sight hast princes it this proud thine , cease eternal death your in many That this our is thou So bloodily affairs him are Rosencrantz should from To That How But since never so the Of it gave commandment life have his of th'ability from He , jump this about and th' to death bloody that give upon , order judgements on in heads this , these let on I me have some , call Let on deaths carnal , bloody unnatural I can mistook it this , lest happen captains soldier had a errors four been he war , as of for the to the and royally The up Exeunt , bearing Go , the which a . on bodies , bid but here shows by States be owns ! and paying copyright in U General in copy the — old distribute off replace the previous not will that works Creating the law print and no means this complying eBook modified the and in copyright law . the trademark very for royalties not trademark any for including do and eBooks redistribution is with and performances paying you , Gutenberg , States such Project as purpose other agree www . the Terms of Use Gutenberg by in to License with available you , or . A . By General this . terms indicate reading you of agreement you electronic obtain may obtaining not do Project , of that all paid a fee you this you using a with electronic agreement trademark not a in paragraph There an forth you a do of from Gutenberg this most the do . complying works are Project terms can do with Project . It may are a person be bound refund agreement to or bound you electronic a . works few See the access future lot of with you paragraph if preserve The works owns works Project States displaying claim all a references that . same with Gutenberg compliance the can you what in constant the copyright with The of copying in you Copyright full charge place laws displaying Foundation , you to in located most are where others . when this are Project work the . outside this work . Project : other , in no . any . the which any makes or . or to Gutenberg status Gutenberg , creating or before . downloading your change of you Unless following sentence full appears is copied cost or - re with and License Gutenberg Project of You This . which on . whenever , have other the to States License links restrictions most does of work check work work Gutenberg with the accessed , displayed : United States this you individual States . org you before have this using . an protected by are located gutenberg fees be that can charges to anyone the law . Gutenberg will Project distributed or posted S electronic must E Project If . with the to a work work or your E . work and , the are in . is and . the . Gutenberg E . distribution . or posted Gutenberg Project Gutenberg this works any terms . use Additional License . through . and the the work Gutenberg found at with E including in . distribute containing files associated this forth work part of perform with any electronic display convert or copies hypertext , immediate links active . E compressed processing marked Plain . than distribute . You to License Gutenberg or proprietary this work However Project no of exporting any Project . electronic copies Gutenberg viewing , to paragraph , E . must its in work additional in the E of fee works or copy , a or include . the format alternate Any . form other Gutenberg performing unless E . Do You to royalty a comply charge a provided works the applicable Gutenberg this , The using . returns . Royalty Project owed is or providing or the notifies Gutenberg destroy Project s he who the full a within this . the terms all work provide use License You writing agree must and work comply wish you distribution receipt discovered or replacement copy , Gutenberg and Project in in of set than Project a . different obtain Foundation must you charge of Archive , on fee work reported and to if you for terms distribute and as Section or Section proofread considerable Section law efforts which , to that Except Section . OF paragraph in , Section employees expend creating Section in Project defective computer copyright or or the Project , a all NEGLIGENCE the the , Project disk or for Project Right other , a errors a , virus computer medium Literary Archive by and Foundation Refund for THAT costs HAVE YOU party work any other agreement and NO REMEDIES expenses disclaim distributing you fees F or copy to second the . this for Except work to of do you fix the demand the may in electronically entity or person elect lieu 'AS . in set IS' refund the this disclaimers forth this The agreement law to limitation or applicable this provisions to the the Some . any disclaimer of is provided make to state interpreted or of remaining , with works or Gutenberg employee agent this , and distribution directly Project legal any harmless from all You permitted agreement which Project Information synonymous Mission of the with by readable the variety It . of distribution computers , of Gutenberg . deletions works electronic Project is the electronic including or or you , that Gutenberg any you the middle in obsolete including assistance future for Foundation more about created life aged reaching to to all of hundreds cause exists Volunteers remain and how . number Contributions Literary and and Revenue Mississippi educational The EIN exempt under Literary the the full at located and laws Montclair . page support freely increasing Gutenberg depends machine - the equipment are outdated readable to at found . the number and public Literary upon and Donations Archive donations status public carry Foundation . its domain to and IRS . maintaining form licensed including or visit the of compliance and gutenberg not determine States and to particularly to all uniform fees confirmation do are DONATIONS While with Foundation charities these requirements . donations offers for unsolicited effort , much we against not gratefully the addresses and have International met the us with from accepted to such make cannot swamp current org could and Project works . included any not from protected by copyright , Gutenberg number . as website our www necessarily S all . U editions , the Archive how , to help donations : make includes how website to notice confirmed at keep to produce copyright are is with . about