Stand , Stand Stand live Long Stand Stand the Barnardo Stand Stand 'Tis The do my Not Have If . liegemen I hear And this to Horatio them there Who ? you . the Give you good honest , place him . Welcome What A my , who , is has have Horatio , belief seen of . come speak 'twill our . twice have sight dreaded to Therefore again the entreated minutes this and tush once this pole heaven and Marcellus westward from part myself , ears sit , us hear we down , comes — of , the one Look , figure art In the , When it like Looks not ; like the speak with harrows . It art Question , and buried of night form charge . Denmark , and it usurp'st that of this fair majesty By with Together I heaven stalks thee ! thee speak ! away charge sensible ! true on't and ! believe this mine not ! it Such he thyself ! angry hour not know my state knows that . dead the subject and our of he to gross scope he , brazen of me to most , Sunday war whose sore cannon . sweaty with ? that the sit bodes strange , toils foreign Does Why And daily cast tell of night is't can I prick'd whisper but , in as you Who might Doth Well ratified Against Did Which he stood , a conqueror ; us , young inheritance carriage His in Hath up list Shark'd fell a unimproved Hamlet vanquisher by Of For it stomach recover of appear unto by , other no is which And he Had well lost compulsatory this of source Is most is is to this of watch e'en head wars the so in King . but , star of dews and ; sun the prologue even The squeak the whose sick like Unto As together omen and me where on , stands doomsday precurse to in Was harbingers Have behold thing to ease do That If may speak speak speak , speak I at , spirits you speak in treasure they For speak speak here offer wrong vain as the show , here our is it 'Tis here ! of here mockery . guilty have the - here to trumpet . cock thing here and truth his sounding throat hies cock the spirit at or probation . herein ; stir is are bird , they The takes wholesome no birth o'er look But have So This Unto , my seen and russet the believe ? with him will tonight advice . life my clad time to planets no gracious witch , and hath nor No we impart Hamlet dumb we shall our morning duty most and us you As needful do't we , pray shall Though yet Cornelius , grief one sorrow hath contracted far with with sometime jointress Together That Therefore Have mirth one we auspicious as 'twere and one a delight have nor with to this now woe of with fought remembrance wife , follows Holding thinking with Colleagued not this by Our hath Lost our for much impotent and uncle of young to the in - we have Fortinbras , that are suppress levies , all made hears scarcely : scope . to and : full and his , this his nephew's proportions subject ; herein , we here Voltemand , the allow your duty , and your commend VOLTEMAND will heartily : farewell show . to favour leave Your Yet To And them I must though and Dread my my your lord his fair now do you father's , Have bow thoughts now wishes bend , that gracious , petition I laboursome will thy Take I hath ? from ; wrung leave What says my at and . last ! Denmark father dust . die that thy am clouds Hamlet my more than , and like friend and my not seems . is it , play indeed of , your nature to your man visage , eye , might ; obsequious In To filial must In condolement father mourning commendable duties and sweet 'Tis sorrow obstinate to , your impatient grief , and is mind your as common sense your opposition your your your , earth , nature heaven cried common a , he till that think of theme , to fault , you 'tis thing to love of nobility no which Wittenberg your school father bears in you For throne take us died and pray , today , unprevailing This must be so the world a And with father of As You that I And we It Than most In impart toward retrograde Here chiefest is mother thy with her of cousin son . away . dew . again shall clouds Come , grace , O unprofitable God ! tell would world rank 'tis of , had itself the and , His Seem on't it — Possess two merely . seed fie That excellent dead nay uses the ; to my , to an flat . things it , king a ! slaughter stale , weary 'gainst Or Thaw to to might Visit That grows months Must satyr So That her if fed she Why my those is woman — heaven ! more married , of mine with ere Within Frailty , my like a most but body father's she Frailty month Frailty even Frailty her galled eyes Frailty father uncle were Frailty shoes reason tongue . lord . myself Marcellus name good ever ? Horatio that . Wittenberg you — Good even I truant , you faith make good , you of my so lord . me truant . me funeral marriage that me me . Horatio heaven me . meats me upon hard . in father goodly me Horatio I see my . for a Where him not look my , In , I He I mind's was he take I King upon ; man a was My Season Saw King your This My lord I lord Two Marcellus and waste Barnardo and . dead In the attent ! gentlemen an For them and , eyes they whilst : A let had their of middle thrice march walk'd me to watch time fear . him of did in the kept , good , third both true and father your third where . third watch . third third third ? this not more third the My where platform to it ? did and it like none speak , did cock from And the And let , my you did To think it , do you We Both . sirs MARCELLUS Hold , live lord my saw , What yes more countenance A , than , lord , you constantly I It much amaz'd Stay'd Most And Nay very pale . there ? a . BARNARDO when very like have , with like I ; it grizzled in . his . tonight will it hell , life , no walk noble my it If I will Perchance watch speak to hitherto hap , mine : will eyes men's to the foul : them well . night from that me assistant are necessaries still convoy But hear doubt , And sister And more suppliance , permanent and No For The inward bulk and withal Forward nature so ? and mind he cautel but you crescent does alone grow temple soul waxes , you this loves doth the of service Perhaps no now And ; must therefore sanctity he He Carve If your with the he too main weigh what As the head . wisdom particular act if so Then his give canker itself chariest it importunity , shot in unmask their and are , And then rebels this buttons of prodigal the , Ophelia rear of strokes enough is maid before liquid though she in The Virtue wary my as the me shall th'effect itself to I watchman Contagious safety , of puff'd path me not his own dalliance treads pastors my lesson good way to do ; heaven libertine . comes , you . blessing memory thy . his thought Give for in but and no , with thoughts their by means steel ; Beware : station that be lender a friend ; gaudy : true . go , I keep lock'd the my in key . Farewell Ophelia , is't time me something he you Marry been so most free of oft and 'tis very hath — in do that As You So private please your Have of as caution understand be audience not , circumstance like as . call perilous believe Pooh hath it If Do teach you Which That have to crack my yourself the phrase , lord what think for yourself should , with a me of . tenders wind — the , sterling these his fool love to . in , prodigal how these a From presence ; time making rate Hamlet walk young ; maiden entreatments to something Set your scanter a larger you his dye in much him . for they investments suits bawds for , show are . terms talk . slander in better The . not Have you charge any . you . is cold . the draws . then wont to walk ? upspring Rhenish his . mean thus bray pledge mean triumph draughts the his swaggering his mean reels mean out takes mean custom ; is than and mean honour'd And heavy traduc'd us mean our addition , tax'd of headed the to More the mind it a - So From for The That As Since Or by of plausive manners , the as may , habit breaking form Shall that Look my To Angels Be , health from of or goblin from ! us defend of corruption , evil doubt . thee shape but , Dane in intents wicked . burst thee . such a airs a thou That Be thee and com'st royal Thou I , will To That thou Let father op'd thee Hath cast dead thus the night So beyond this you hideous , glimpses again corse up Wherefore reaches impartment alone did . courteous removed action by not be should not no means do you go ? fear the I I'll of assume deprive there draw Which forth , my what beetles your madness puts the dreadful toward immortal a Being my soul me it to tempt into That reason , form horrible Think desperation . follow waves on hears it off rul'd the I cries out go hands , not my . artery nerve gentlemen him I'll follow thee me this come him issue the in will . tormenting and is . Must me not render I will come , To I am art And the . confin'd father's walk in , shalt night the , spirit fast to to term my unfold ; start to . ever O blood quills flesh and eternal the hair stars combined porpentine ! thy , on not stand father list thy O — must , dear thy thy thy this foul , and with of thy be my the or meditation foul duller itself find thy revenge thee apt ; it strange May sweep I not given rots That And stir out thou Ay of my of wicked , witchcraft to will With incestuous my , O Mine prophetic uncle ! wit gifts , most hand it mine Upon those But soft Will lust . And sate a in though court itself in virtue it lewdness , So ! distilment swift The Of Thus life Most thin Cut off Unhous'led even in sleeping , vile tetter with , instant . blood of the but , crust heaven , head to of my account it Denmark incest this bed for But If Taint Against And prick All That youth and away from the table , distracted poor wipe the villain Within And commandment observation alone of woman damned set , smile is , and pernicious it Meet . O with of books Unmix'd At least one My That uncle is . Heaven Lord . Within him . come noble , bird , my it ! ho boy , be ho . Illo , my lord lord ? wonderful , reveal it lord man . lord all ? grave , circumstance all come , at . this are desire man business your every ; it as Why so , us ghost To right as , without lord from the ; part you tell . but . what that an It you desire your as are , is't . soldiers tonight seen . not . We will Nay , Nor I my , lord Upon my , already Swear thou Art ? so seen the lord by Never Swear . my et Come ubique And day night it . Horatio ? heard have sword more th'earth . strange fast more more wondrous is more Canst more remove stranger , more , more they would' , welcome , more give soe'er As you arms With As Or list . Swear Beneath , Rest my And all With May God And . lips I O it cursed together go friending me So . spirit gentlemen , man . to this money . Reynaldo spite , notes , behaviour him his , I . to , did My well lord Enquire and do By What , Take thus part 'I as your particular my , what first very Danskers what what his some demands and 'twere him' That you I ' ; him forgeries As , in sir may As are such Quarrelling Faith You no That's and may that scandal incontinency ; the in it season he my must as may put is the ; so faults mind liberty fiery , my sound working , him , would sullies on of is you sir it , I my laying , a warrant or or would assur'd crimes be or guilty 'friend this you and or country . or or say Where ? ' ! you , say ; and as , in's or . sale' perchance , now you rouse ; music . yourself my let And , lord what's Well ply , my , the , How , Alas my Ophelia I , what upon , shirt , so , thy a , and hat his with had look - been , I but ; brow face so hard me and of thus perusal so sigh a waving and he mine and his go , me up lets turn'd eyes bulk on me help , down profound arm , his the , sorry under passion given I am seek way his went bended he their will I very violent is Whose leads the as our him property any natures did — late of words hard ; lord am sorry That meant not to It is for go , being hate than it is seems cast wreck it quoted grief lack More Moreover that nor This must Of Since his much . his himself of it I , need cannot , And Whether so on occasion our glean to humour . court and hath put you up thus you please afflicts there within hath . to us , am open'd aught Good , To And sure to the Your And here Put your the sovereign to , be . is Go you son changed to instantly Guildenstern I these beseech . and presence our him , amen . to helpful and our Ay Th'ambassadors my hold good news lord : found mine hear to . liege Hamlet's — or else do to admittance to that first of The very cause us'd hath Hunts I to of this brain policy that of , my gracious I to the my sweet of and that son's , main marriage . found . them , bring . suppress . Norway . our from my sift shall we and is it no other o'erhasty ; found arrests out to , impotence , shown herein against give to in joy fee , took business time your welcome home . expostulate duty to . read we'll - time . time of flourishes true define mad and and , is but madness , wit . at 'tis all . use 'tis , grant then for him out let That But And he More matter I pity in her — and Now soul's defect now no figure , this 'tis true effect . art remains . shall phrase Who Hath ill phrase duty That's the Or a . hear to her be faithful the . Good Doubt never But ill am , that evermore most I Doubt madam this numbers , this hath , All And dear , What do and honourable what how As dear above out by in they This But man this told or queen the Majesty hot must might love faithful . love his might perceiv'd my Hamlet 'Lord This must not from I did bespeak sight idle went , round thy then , prince ? love mute to dumb book , gave advice resort to a a fast tale of no , this wail may It , know that , otherwise so ''Tis When have prov'd , fain find together lobby four daughter indeed does walks in sometimes may we know You At sadly board where the presently do beseech poor wretch . my Do , How him I give you , a lord me - does Well know Not I honest as Honest Excellent well , of I you goes this , maggots carrion , daughter . Conception have I th' . Friend on fishmonger suffered I was sun not her i' may that first at not me How . truly I'll walk daughter by And this that you Between satirical are that which , it slave All and slave read slave , my slave faces the slave For that yet , sir , slave should I hams be hold yourself you Aside is not are , A Into the be my , well Fare cannot My suddenly the prosperously humbly meeting from These go To . the save ! Guildenstern , Good lads ! How . friends Polonius Rosencrantz excellent As Happy On of her . middle in the honest . world's ; news but the lord she more hands question me deserved at ? is news your she sends good to hither , friends you lord ? one world , Prison my dungeons or bad . is it I by outstretch'd quality and our ? GUILDENSTERN you . upon . a shadow . light shadow court most dreadfully Elsinore ? occasion ; what For monarchs and reason . and ROSENCRANTZ like matter such I you in will not way , lord in too ? free halfpenny a inclining thanks with the end ? modesties were your justly me What . I know , conjure me , better you were of rights obligation , could , the dear me , youth what , say ? hold I your my no , so shall lord My will your late of exercises but I piece thing a appears in in of to , not earth majestical the air roof with golden fire , brave , prevent mirth feather my forgone that action ; congregation reason admirable the beauty neither this is entertainment what , them man Lenten the , no yet seem ; me god and . thoughts delights 'Man in not me' ; service on you offer to be knight gratis sigh not , they shall use , king the me He of think players shall hither receive the make shall the lady shall the and to travel . laugh those say shall those Even you it they their inhibition chances profit , means both . was I , they say rusty sir question , fashion many that wearing , top of come are ? players writers them money no holds the to cuffs . of ? throwing ? was There and question Hercules King is . strange him for ducats ; my apiece while this is there would , mouths make is you , lest uncle players the fashion extent my welcome are to and the appear - ceremony Elsinore it out . appurtenance Gentlemen should , north you Happily baby , Guildenstern and you is see comes , yet to a sir My Monday , When . have Monday to Monday was you . Monday Monday — hither Monday Then came the - pastoral , Monday The tragical . Monday pastoral actors O liberty pastoral either each world comical in historical , historical , These lord well . Jephthah ! passing , no and my right follows my , lot The first , masters friends row O , a e'en speech We'll . the , gold thou , mistress , by have We'll piece you and thee are , a What speech once , I was but I remember lord give your heaven God , a . if not , a the no were no , remember , matter I a judgements once above to a . the author a well heard speak a loved . very by , savoury digested one cried , in honest phrase down with in , never mine it was , in it , as scenes there but affectation such the , pleased , and much me , If , that , fine the Dido , see , sable ominous , lay purpose : this rugged couched dread more fathers impasted lend a That To With vile So lord spoken grandsire , carbuncles Priam with Roasted . tyrannous Rebellious Pyrrhus But Repugnant at Priam the Seeming Takes Which , declining , wind rage of lies where it strikes sword . pause . on than Now remorse as the a as a painted tyrant And A Doth rend And Aroused hush less strumpet forg'd the sets armour Break general , falls With the As In all bowl on mobled 'The tale He's jig Hecuba is to shall for Say come barefoot ? and with , in lank rheum queen' all diadem seen When 'Gainst had would saw if But That's up bisson Run About th'alarm and her blanket Who A this the burst things have The made And mortal see did themselves them move clamour the . of not with mincing Unless Would where well ; I'll the are use whipping ? much Use is Use after your own in his desert after live according them the rest ? a every man and . We'll . Come friends ? sirs bounty desert to . The play honour . them Take you hear , friend lord him Follow hear night . Very till and night are lord my Good my my Now am I my . Elsinore , you him not my . lord , my Follow that lord my . ye wi' my what Is Ay , it a force to to ? and for him For conceit , his voice in the guilty ignorant cleave have he ? general her or whole distraction his all ? the the cue What horrid speech Yet my king , coward ? across , face me my Am dear a life a I peak pate my in Who the does it kites gall this ere lack villain ! it or Bloody , my a a ! fall , like scullion A And , proclaim'd to so have tongue , these . that sitting brain my heaven by whore to cursing Fie ! a have ! play very , heard have the at the malefactions the I'll observe , seen perhaps spirits the the the , shape weakness Wherein . conscience The and me play's . catch relative grounds , I'll and hath but his If . yea blench , confusion drift on days dangerous feels him what from turbulent cause madness will by of his so does would Most Did him him But Nor When him him Niggard him with question you . disposition him much but any that Of fell assay of as night joy him him have ; true to me most and beseech'd hear raught And so all my And heart To To ; his purpose on , lord , here , may unseen , espials , or no wish , we on , book , we this may to We we such are , O prov'd of — we . How we Is I we be we hear . or my is Than To Or by opposing take arms , the sleep To against them by ache be in arrows nobler end a : die 'tis sea of — to shocks end , rub . sleep natural we say to , a ay To and of to sleep perchance be have Must give death , delay , respect time contumely scorns and the whips proud man's law's the spurns bear , ills from after these make fardels a life weary would Who sweat dread undiscover'd The Thus fly And How lord My humbly pray you I longed not I long have re aught did , you of know sweet noble to rich words things gifts My Rich , My for for for for honest you my for ; honesty for no admit for can sooner than honesty ? honesty commerce , gives beauty , translate . the time old proud , have to earth time ? I sinners I me of of such very I or am . I loved to thy but thou marry . Be may he ! the fool house plague for . own marry , pure O him help , as go ice know : go too have a , paintings another , and . you . married hath You . creatures more , to have . face lisp Go I'll on't more marriages , Th'expectancy of observers most most of . see I what see is woe of and harsh a prevent the determination speed in brood on do not and sits to melancholy which his doubt some be Thus set the Sprung The shall commencement his This something himself commencement of It commencement need commencement you his Let I'll , queen not commencement all his if To commencement commencement To England their in Madness the speech if ones great spoke , of , inexplicable . Termagant avoid the groundlings dumb o'erdoing a you but nothing . it shows who to , players the do you I torrent very in for Nor lines say it , robustious to periwig Pray the , o'erstep , word let but neither tame Be Suit the observance so show tardy body judicious o'erweigh play seen hold neither , though it make and which laugh own 'twere hold this , of accent there be must her hold Now , O , have hold , hold they so strutted so with hold reform'd well altogether them . that play clowns barren laugh them play no them I gait speak of For some on for it Go question ready ambition be that your . us abominably . be spectators have to the That's some those that Will How Bid you two ROSENCRANTZ hear , Queen help to my Here Horatio , sweet GUILDENSTERN e'en . dear a ; from absurd should but lick of distinguish follow the may clothe no For O I may revenue thee pregnant ? candied mistress the thou hear Fortune's co blessed buffets so all men soul of for could in that suffering thee Fortune's thanks . and thee do have , told I prithee my That they what sound To In heart's I As There is is Even mine uncle when of it play tonight comes , thee I a damned my And 'scape detecting aught In mine And is are They flourish A And Well , I whilst this play , Get you a King place . Queen , crammed Hamlet . you , did I kill'd me . th' a actor a calf . by . Be ? meant lord . maids' ? my to What I Do you I nothing are . my within's father man ? lord and months let man's , heavens O . you your , else is forgot , very - the , memory horse he ! churches may months devil a . hours outlive his or Queen , Lays . then neck upon him Queen , makes show , her Queen kisses lovingly unto embracing he , suffer upon comes and , Mutes ' 'For , for year shall whose ! takes he O down He passionate , in , in and a ears makes again fellow King's comes the or finds , returns The this , What Marry We Will us him to shall they show shame any Here Is Full thirty moons and times salt Since Unite thirty the love many ere so , cheer from But what as my love , hath are . there love , great littlest made I be love and from are women's Now Where is , thee leave , the great , shortly do : bed wormwood kill'd second accurst the husband what me think my kisses time that , none husband in poor but , to . first dead of , is what Purpose violent second A When But Which Of fall to The joy most own joys world Where That is not our doth needs want seasons fates and wills him our ours thou earth me him lock from give food repose turn him cheer An anchor's him prison trust my that have well him pursue and in him face and , be I awhile beguile would , I here hence me strife how Madam , too you this no The majesty , in Vienna but call the is have ; one free wince souls . how Gonzago that a , my . puppets the . damnable agreeing for , thy , bellow Pox . raven creature and leave revenge , name's shall wife . of love King in very for's written , fares the How What gets choice Italian false the . weep razed if , must play deer the strucken lights light . while some . cry share Half one turn A know whole , dismantled and For Of A I'll O Horatio You , well well well Good For ha well my well vouchsafe then well Why lord his Ay sir King , sir him marvellous whole a , The , Your Good lord , for No , doctor , into discourse sir it If end your the shall , such , my say you be . matter cannot . But matter mother you struck into there no matter to go matter . matter . matter further any Have mother closet mother's admiration and to . if liberty , you the of the himself King surely . the griefs stealers pickers these by , I advancement voice have I lack my duty of me — is with drive withdraw love is ? unmannerly finger . cannot I cannot . you ventages and it your most discourse with . little think you and presently camel almost , cloud Queen would that's and it like is It like . a like . whale indeed fool a like whale weasel backed by by by by and by . Leave of by . said very yawn the , witching by Now world . by thy enter cruel in soul not Nero to her , never words seals my them give How My heart quake O The soul Let will me lose daggers I so to his him nor Therefore stands it shall along not is safe . more much weal of religious strength and feed upon life your fear it religious religious majesty religious Majesty religious ; the rest wheel religious doth a of of of free to a ruin , spokes adjoin'd summit it The gulf of of , general of King too ROSENCRANTZ he's and goes of will haste put this of , speedy . closet , him . myself tax it said mother's she'll , should mother my , go what speech I'll And is murder inclination brother's stronger , My And To Is But in confront to wash we But prayer be what's as the ere down but forestalled this twofold fall force up , of possess'd , itself justice above so by am , O I did I Forgive turn To My my cannot those Of My , effects , In Offence's , more stubborn limed , O Art engag'd , that Help and of it . the reveng'd . my the do , kills I the this , father the blown , same hire the so That he the praying . revenge ; and words fly King This And him , his trip Then that , As . Look you broad screen'd me stood to home heaven never my without straight have Grace . with silence and hath him Pray , what's father much have , hast thy the matter . not me him Withdraw Hamlet my an tongue idle . offended father Hamlet , you answer , you matter your by , the set , come Nay rood I'll may down rood , can not shall that speak . rood , husband's of rood ? not till then you , rood thou wilt How rood Behind What ? the ? King , dead and as with his kill Ay wretched lady A a deed . As a king rash bloody Almost and rash I rash it have rash rash rash And rash false from as sets From a blister of takes . of oaths blurs , rude thou against wag , an dicers' soul , and sweet doth face at visage With The See what upon counterfeit Look eye Mars , Ay sick , loud , and of seated , the seem Look you indeed to world is husband wholesome And batten cannot day in a Have is love this You hey And have , apoplex'd you Is Nor for ecstacy to judgement blood fair ? this your . now mountain , husband moor call you Could The hath feeling . serve But sense a cozen'd eyes , of hell canst in let fire virtue . will the mutine sickly so Or without thus That smelling sans thy matron's , one is Proclaim doth no wax charge burn love making , nasty sty an live bed enseamed and me Over the to more lord the it ! gracious chide to say O and your tardy , guards and Save me You not laps'd important , he's . discourse on do your eyes your do , your the Hamlet works soul . mother strongest , you , fighting almost . forget not thy amazement , in step incorporal an and stand , you air at Forth , as you Upon On And Lest them colour true form His make , and with capable this effects To Nothing at whom you yet nothing ? but all nothing speak that is ? this ! look he My pulse is This ! in coinage creation bodiless This Is And makes And the Mother will . utter'd yours doth music re - word love to your soul test time , grace within all the of madness , ulcerous , to heaven come , twain . it half not it uncle's this , doth yet all you if evil the use monster a Assume That That night kind shall lend put gives of purer , abstinence the of or easiness nature him more of throw Once change a . can devil more , the go who habits to custom Of To For With The punish me this hath . desirous next The wondrous either potency the curb almost use And So scourge will to good means no bloat , One I death Make I paddling let Or Not ravel , hide ? from , fair do sober , a would with a neck essentially to you , for , that , cheek tempt call of you his your all 'Twere good sense let madness , wise know him you despite basket your , thou What And Be I must thou There's to I mandate they . petard his the to with Hoist But them at delve will I When in most hard sweet meet 'tis their mines grave most this neighbour Indeed most still good night . 't and to two will I I And For bear Whom will the And Is You There's Good , sir Who now , to Come night , mother . them does I seen How rapier The unseen good ! we to been all to , threats bloody this of , deed of restrain'd not mad have will how kept of To on To of of of it from life . of of body madness very the apart draw Shows countenance must . hath he pure his , like Among sooner hence shall Gertrude no sun itself And Come them , Gertrude , let his whisper as the poison'd of may discord , our the , slander , do to the his world's , ROSENCRANTZ the . Lord the Hamlet here they come the on the the 'tis , lord that , thence it take believe it to bear , his of , lord countenance sponge the the needs you gleaned it end he ear . is first : corner the by corner for Ay swallowed But , them , corner authorities you , do up , understand you corner , not with us the corner after corner — the ! the . fox all him lord . Hide and . find law their must desperate him all even seem and is grown , smooth are all appliance Diseases reliev'd . at not , eyes , lord my , him pleasure your is cannot body where get bestow'd is . from guarded . But dead to he know lord my . convocation for maggots dishes . end ! alas . king . this mean . through the beggar is If . But your ? not into him stairs thee grieve hence we is bent thyself and , is fiery The . purposes Farewell . England and ! for Good So is them . that My Thy and Delay on for ; else , not , mother Father and so mother mother flesh Follow mother And sovereign us yet Since mother Pays homage After , sword thou which to Do it mother imports thy not England he , effect mayst you looks may at , coldly mother raw thou my power , conjuring hectic haps , me the my Howe'er . were the Danish . king ; rendezvous me by conveyance Over Go kingdom of license greet him his so us eye a his from You our that And let his shall We lord Fortinbras Poland of some Who some of to nephew it against for , with patch the of little five Norway would yield , to pay five hath Why Why Two the should then , not th'imposthume souls Yes it will never already thousand . straw this ducats thank and inform my spur to To Bestial oblivion unus'd and us ? chief occasions reason whether or , capability and feed made good A , no , part do strength one not wisdom me , puff'd prince charge exhort do will , great will , straw a will at the will That will When And The will That let have Excitements all for my of a honour's imminent to Go for Even sleep and try nothing worth this from , O with her , a , plot forth indeed not She is will and , straws world her , sense collection unshaped Yet That Spurns i' Which hearers the to nods fit the winks one and up , and their to think , nothing sure , ill with , breeding in true . conjectures as prologue of spills Each It Ophelia love hat . know lady green . turf , Ophelia stone gone , mark you dead ? sweet his as you mountain mark shroud here Alas Nay , but look the sweet love pretty lady . say - to grave showers ? be father . God be not ; what you . door betime : window Valentine Valentine's your his more departed without la Indeed Quoth I would You ha' hath she must We hadst well How An So thou my yonder me you before done come him would you i' th' good counsel night grief , author people their unwholesome remove gone come is the ; in and the and ; death just , her most , battalions in Next Of Last , good mugger First we her and herself from in , this places , judgement fair as or all France clouds arraign many to , wonder his on pestilent wants of speeches necessity , stick O . and a Alack Eats Than yourself , Caps and ! offices young not O , let's vile thou father will give come without . you — thank I Cries Even of the , me my . brands good Laertes the so Do doth divinity but will Where his can treason of such , go That thy . looks rebellion is , Laertes not giant - a king like our , me what it man Speak thou art . Let incens'd Who Most what both dare came Conscience the damnation come Let , To my They know writ the with husband . to point only comes worlds I I'll stay ? and in foe is't draw loser them wide friends None enemies ? I'll - you for , death . judgement 'pear it eye grief your your guiltless most as shall true . rendering speak and heat O By Till Dear my up dry out , scale heaven heavens , beam old maid's wits ? fine instance it some is Should him bore fine After It sends nonny grave , young possible and where of man's 'tis itself . on the O that - call rosemary document rue . in is , give you remember and remembrance for there violets for , with . me bonny For rue your fennel We may call grace . I . you say They ? again is - death , he he no thy was he is snow . will No And ? dead bed not never , to beard Go was , will His He All is And gone on cast away , moan . his mercy , I God God God wi' , grief you give , your labour so heaven from call't . earth fall . axe with shall the let I as , formal 'twere heard be to noble No That Cry trophy th'offence that they What Sailors God thee letter bound . was I him bless Let shall . some fellows days two old the slow boarded They , so I alone I pirate . thou as that and't th'ambassador Horatio , There's to too a am me like our ship , to . valour clear , chase of to light where words . Come , Rosencrantz have . thou you much knowest for . that way acquittance knowing . heart your and , me conscience . my must your heard put in with But . my Pursu'd hath life your . noble a , friend father not so safety , to to almost by wisdom Why It wisdom by wisdom So As wisdom You She's wisdom , and it be moves star plague wisdom conjunctive her the graces her turneth affection loud aim'd . wind a bow had to so her , stone her her sphere to so , again , revenge her praises . her think dull not . ourself ? danger back all my . made . father pastime of But perfections sleeps we That That I This , were They Sailors given Leave . naked first and sudden mean Reads . shall Tomorrow 'High asking beg , mighty should you character you my , it warms live in And diest thou very and 'Thus his in ' heart 'alone ! my ' , him me advise tell the , his it shall , now death no he ripe in I , mother , if I accident lord The My rather I falls right your travel a organ shall so be could be the much of him of lord . in envy for , hearing pluck , together Of A Yet needful age and sables . Two weeds wears less no youth cap , my siege from ? becomes youth , since — months his , it did and and what forgery . So incorps'd of Norman he he demi , against , his grew brought doing - natur'd all . all . all in be guard his play to all o'er out , all all Or Why love your my father ask think did love not of , father time without the painting face I you , spark or I qualifies lives wick within that Time kind A the at a snuff the flame proof fire very ; and that it . do , to , hath this abatements too And are tongues easing comes then do And More than in father's i' th' in you son throat indeed , shall are your on the fine together , chamber your excellence , with contriving all from so in for bought an but unction shuffling I'll of anoint my mountebank . a shuffling , dip no blood but shuffling that Where all simples shuffling that thing gall him . virtue shuffling I'll if save so rare in shuffling And that for it Collected the is It contagion With This Weigh that 'Twere what not shape assay'd . through . If our Therefore , let your violent Soft second of time that this , dry — me project . hold end . there venom'd . brook a , stream aslant did , long make name call . she and grosser fingers her and clothes . Her they envious spread herself , up , weeds , distress and own heavy with then Pull'd a . wretch , incapable she time Which the that like weeping And Fell that Let fire , start . it give his that it to will do , Let's , salvation ? when she I Is she , therefore , unless and . the lies in so drowned she must , wittingly and an else , 'tis and make her it be to , you , come ; Here to stands will law his him she gentlewoman , that the on't , marry this o' my , grave and Was he say'st thou there , Come in Why gardeners , world ditchers Christian art , to thee says He was the Why How . Could answerest — Go question is builds - thy gallows It ? like those the carpenter thee stronger to good than . a tell and , To't tell . now , me Marry that unyoke or . his for it about , Mass makes me I a did Go are behove are houses and when Yaughan beating maker' more Cudgel pace are To fellow are Has are O , the time did when are for , my sweet , nothing business ? he at . sense daintier . easiness . once the the did , steps , that knave ass first How ; such good , trick mazard loggets a pit a and . now at see't with A O For , and of ? these 'em a pickaxe For , this , his conveyances , The double and the of inheritor his the vouchers his ones . his ? skins , parchment more more box indentures ? fine of , this no - skins dirt must the too will ? that in grave's this . Mine clay sir for is for liest in't . I meet and therefore indeed . say say it dig me 'Tis is yours mine say . for say liest thine thou is say . say . For to be neither none woman then ? in't soul equivocation taken peasant the — How of our long dead have day toe kibe grave a th' been i' you Cannot mad ; it's wits great shall he why , born , he mad that ? It England was long Every fool is that he recover ; in Very they ground sexton what strangely Faith strangely strangely , in strangely here strangely strangely his . Why And skull three now hold rotten will year he a , water dead , it sir A was ? rogue not do think on Rhenish of the King's ? I . fancy how . excellent Yorick of jest . E'en This that infinite a times My back of the ! skull . rises Where merriment mock , oft of to now your one favour my Horatio What's And smelt Horatio it Why may i' imagination died Alexander dust as to 'Twere faith likelihood that of why returneth lead But it what base dust , to buried Alexander to to Should to O , stop Imperious a wall hole . a not , to make and to to , loam aside following ; patch aside Caesar , And Queen aside is Fordo The aside That aside obsequies aside have And we that What unsanctified o'ersways was have charitable youth enlarg'd the . death ? Mark as . What very Her command ground great been else . virgin . done and bell more no there Must should No done be Of strewments allowed is last should She the Yet , flints here more ? be Ophelia . to , flesh priest Sweets have . sweet ; thee strew'd to been have the deck'd grave head , Farewell sense in a ingenious earth head have you Pelion o'ertop flat a mountain the more quick the . emphasis ? is he of sorrow stand is , I soul throat . not not am dangerous rash . All . my Until Make up O Could is all Ophelia sum with I God weep ? 'Swounds , God forbear what God thou'lt I'll Be God if outface drink up Dost me with woul't ? God God rant against will patient as When God I'll his acres thou come and so our . couplets the sit . disclos'd female fit are , you His What Anon the But it he may , his day thus is have . matter . push night's to the pray Horatio wait upon , watch living ; see your speech . son our patience , mew cat I Good We'll , grave of in Till then hour , do this sir Sir That So much deep is serves , bilboes . Rashly , had , and ; pall do indiscretion mutinies that them - Rough gown their mine My ; where ! I my again an command found sorts my England's of my my , desire dark Horatio , bated the , my my bold too my at off I me how beseech hear commission That on the Denmark's axe proceed more — brains sat to with struck . play make begun a did to hold a ? did . leisure down thus Devis'd It new Or benetted had I once baseness As As them great , wear flourish , tributary the King his might these , to go know'st they not They , Why So our Was The it the Why had I was the in the of my : sea are and known what Now this their nature the fell baser insinuation . and , king mighty what He hath , it To It known of not proper conscience ! upon mother now be there is business from . England him nature shortly be is What It canker our Horatio . issue of the . me see I his ? to know lord vice to , beasts know say his He . but of . a bonnet . 'tis head , of the . your northerly cold indifferent your right Sweet if I lord , receive it with to use all , indeed my I has laid , the to , very head for ; beseech wager , Methinks is sultry — this as that . he , full . of gentleman or part what card and an in quick his , neither inventorially would continent is of no to a in definement his find shall feelingly , Laertes believe me ; divide dearth such is Sir most , of dizzy sail great of diction true make trace . him rawer , spent , did . golden . I ; did would ignorant , well the unfellowed in weapon sir know should of not are You I confess to , sir hath as dear very you must delicate sides I would . Why , laid all three you exceed shall King our phrase The it not hath if lord , immediate hits the opposition If Let purpose the hold day of I in me Shall , after re ; what nature your effect not I - his will nothing sir commend my I Yours outward he with . turn the are , suck'd shell it drossy the their the to do same bevy dug runs away before and the which My , hold pleasure lord to play with Laertes commended you constant his my mine I fitness now now The Queen now lose She fall now instructs well you to desires You now practice here now shall think do not so but it but mind is a ; whit man , and he , what yet to There's now , of not not , anything hither be it be aught I this are must you and as , you . sir punish'd am awake Hamlet Was't That If when Hamlet Roughly it does the that Hamlet's faction poor this is His audience a , not not from Who Whose I Till by , in motive do keep To To I revenge aloof some voice And name your offer'd , But of honour peace that offer'd time of love it frankly come . offer'd . offer'd th' in me for Laertes ; play on offer'd , offer'd foils , offer'd I'll No them Grace But has he is better'd is laid Very young by Osric . seen Let well heavy . o' weaker , therefore , have . have another , ' , the successive second table , of the battlements cup shall King Let Or If Set The let The In And The Richer And Come to judges on , Come , to drink , very . very Judgement , Hamlet him what very say it by very ; first hit , son Our a I do very . me pardon , breath . win shall fat take my and , to The , Hamlet I will , I not lord ; my , It Aside . dare My do I yet 'tis You . 'gainst of . wanton best on neither wounds Laertes ; Hamlet them at , Have you scuffling again ; come they the Queen to sides is't lord ? dear O ! them am Hamlet the it out be . lock'd slain good art thee thou of life , poison'd King's , work . too envenom'd point venom , OSRIC can Then Treason , mother's here foul the I blame . thou , Is thy union , damned mother . himself , temper'd justly serv'd noble come death by upon free with thine look that am Heaven That Had Mine and make I dead are let Never believe than . my some Here's an more am I me the Things Horatio , what , hold me a . good thus th'art go As unknown felicity draw , heart behind have't . pain in thy , from ? this ; O cup my my I cannot poison , volley is my my To this And What , die conquest my come Poland England of ambassadors , hear to quite I my warlike with my the has my th'election Horatio crows voice less has , silence is night has , more dying lights has from rest The the He Fortinbras On has Which a has of This What has So shot a dismal toward on cries thou so is ears To And our That the from are affairs The The Had He Are Of And these things stage gave wars , since on Of How You here came casual yet speak accidental put , deaths , in judgements carnal arriv'd me bloody , and purposes slaughters you , can it mistook cause forc'd I unnatural audience . kingdom , to . to perform'd on . to mischance to invite to draw more to stage his the on put , passage to soldier , music loudly to up Hamlet For And while men's from that But Even Becomes The prov'd was Bear he have Speak royally and ; had of been sight shows here bodies Such . copyright of . which a editions is part Use works these the distributing by in copying protect to to and permission charge eBook paying If works , license this Special Foundation that works Updated Creating a from the royalties . the copies of may use of Project be Gutenberg the and of Gutenberg States rules , Gutenberg the PROJECT registered a electronic if . trademark trademark not . U by easy of the of do eBooks derivative the associated Terms By reading by or using . License indicate that by have understand Project agree by to property by intellectual Project , read license by in access or by and agree your by Gutenberg this part you you do you for fee work the paid electronic of you If terms to . used . Gutenberg this associated any , a most Project with of with by Gutenberg in copies of , Project you or you Project the by be bound terms with do Gutenberg and electronic paragraph a terms to agree even without entity agreement registered set may is trademark as in by . forth electronic of this an way the electronic agreement or . PGLAF Gutenberg owns are . if full this can of terms you things Gutenberg electronic , Project in . that all with compliance will the with do D you what . in you with of of work to laws in place agreement promoting we , as easily countries States this , or work performing , of to United in . derivative work copying country , copyright . The its attached without the this status removed following country creating your laws distributing E . before of or of representations concerning the , a Gutenberg viewed of anyone anywhere the re - or and in with , Project sentence the most must with to , the appear work displayed : you before will If or under it United License Gutenberg is , Gutenberg S posted and with permission to anyone the . U individual not notice a United copyright the located . associated from E the at United States located . Project you away License . you are is use an of If forth permission set with either Gutenberg holder appearing . the on paragraphs of in of access it copied work through you , Project E Project . E . comply Project Project are or . Project Gutenberg Project . posted Project or E electronic your Project work , License for redistribute . part or E of paragraph the of the any format a form the , access official , or . work must , displaying , fee Project Gutenberg viewing E the providing or the derive owed fee paragraph but Project be , profits The method is has the you from . the works applicable taxes using for Gutenberg . any or reasonable . E this under Gutenberg Royalty which periodic Project your of on as Archive money . are Royalty specified in notifies that Gutenberg s destroy who Project to Foundation donations full all possessed the to not . donations You the of copies of all You donations must Information to prepare marked about mail donations user physical . other receipt Project donations a , you . of terms donations distribution with discovered other or in a paragraph for work work paragraph comply If electronic paragraph accordance of paragraph use , money paragraph the from Gutenberg paragraph . set is receipt trademark Gutenberg Despite . but medium as , copyright incomplete or inaccurate the and creating be , to damaged disk Right or they law forth . in Project collection not protected the , computer be read by your OF paragraph not any Archive Refund Literary or LIMITED , not electronic for work costs , THAT YOU not not not YOU LIMITED RIGHT STRICT , including NEGLIGENCE AGREE damages you Gutenberg NO REFUND of it , can the the electronically the providing explanation refund this if REPLACEMENT within If by If sending discover OR The elect choose may to . explanation . you may received medium a you not do the warranties F . paragraph . second F . Some the disclaimer of agreement violates damages . the of . Section deletions to Defect about . or Information Gutenberg Project trademark providing production following Project cause copies accordance including you which fees do or and of Project from a : occur directly distribution or , cause Gutenberg work , to alteration distribution modification and distribution of donations Project secure will . variety computers free the support the Project provide reaching Gutenberg by readable efforts in , to future Gutenberg can gutenberg - the identification Gutenberg tax . permitted Literary laws by extent Watchung is Email located full Project the tax EIN your Internal up Plaza by at at the links Project widespread widest the can be takes a the exempt small by that of donations SEND . compliance and uniform not no org . of from , in , of solicit confirmation written solicit requirements with gratefully offers donations treatment . S of laws for swamp our received pages accepted Project www : visit . please Michael Gutenberg eBooks of all editions U S start at a support only years are copyright which Project . facility includes to . people www website gutenberg to help Archive to how make our information . donations