Long Barnardo . the and unfold . 'Tis cold Francisco . much , is good stirring . make ho , guard ? you Friends , hear farewell , honest Give you good ! there who good Horatio , to has the soldier night , night you reliev'd ? piece . nothing but belief 'tis seen ? him twice sight I let entreated watch dreaded With Tush , us Therefore to our eyes down us 'twill of this , seen , have the to along apparition and minutes again may When Had yond off thee The bell course that's Marcellus , it myself — again dead King to and me harrows King the the art figure where it comes . Horatio . to spoke , form with would like it See stalks away and not ! Denmark warlike and of charge buried speak thee and , this avouch fantasy ? charge I gone Horatio this think you own . and like the ! tremble mine eyes Of ! Is the the Without He ice angry parle . the an strange King armour Polacks frown'd sensible to , once Such When As he So what With martial particular hath and 'Tis twice gross thought the and before in some strange stalk bodes to and me gone he the toils same , In Good such not foreign night is't joint be for subject and least , Who the impress mart Sunday , can ; as of side Dar'd At What Does ? I goes now emulate valiant esteem'd seal'd known by know combat Fortinbras by his our gaged Which so prick'd by a the image Thereto Was Whose the this this Well , stood the by Against slay seiz'd , Had forfeit Did But a hath Hath fell Of the up For And vanquisher inheritance as the , of diet well of appear Shark'd father doth by food That it The Of Is his in't , some our lands the in but portentous the like figure King . this question so watch no is through it ere the to most little stood it palmy state of of e'en preparations our other so and that these : the is squeak And Comes was and trouble the mind's A In graves ; Did The Disasters soft cross be thou there earth Speak earth Upon privy to may earth and grace , fate foreknowing speak , ease , to thing earth to sound it it And prologue to any do me of illusion demonstrated earth earth , voice done life thy death ! Stay use . any , or Or Extorted Speak thy , and earth ! speak ! partisan here not will it , say they , which For treasure the ! womb spirits walk ! it strike it . 'Tis it is air Shall I Do at if stand majestical , the it The Upon to was about a , And It with fearful , in earth his to I . the that is , Th'extravagant day ; summons and then For , And malicious like , started speak , trumpet - when shrill and spirit the erring , guilty have it , the god Whether This of sea object and his in To bird nights I heard , hallow'd in yon our impart watch the , and morn we Unto , dew in eastward and up Walks look us we for my do gracious consent fitting seen my hill , it is then so nor But , This you Where do't we in our pray , As Let's ? tonight life most kingdom whole it Attendant and Though hearts and be our To Yet That Therefore , defeated queen this warlike , on fought hath bear in equal funeral 'twere remembrance of ourselves him ; with of woe , think state with so Together with dole one to with sister sometime our Th'imperial we With this Taken , as eye we dirge joy , out dear of young frame law him meeting of time all pester those his and , death advantage bonds his Norway this and Of Who most impotent full and valiant father the fail'd by our late thinking ourself for Our state to Thus much our , bearers For of good of You his and herein ; proportions the , here , all here that , of , lists Out purpose to suppress writ have young rid in you Norway , will , let to you , Cornelius gait further His Farewell , this King , further and and we and ; us of Laertes lose You And of ? thy to to have throne wouldst to . Laertes , news and some . Laertes Dane thy the offer instrumental , is't the beg the not you ? return to came your in confess bend . Polonius pardon duty What leave father's to wishes my is the and Dread I and your gracious leave and willingly show whence leave Your must I To now cousin you Hamlet , my , Upon fair ; be consent . leave . son it . A , graces than clouds I my is Aside How Good lord nighted friend on off with look . you kind . the . to father , thy for common 'tis for Seek let like And Do Thou like know'st , like like not Passing like like all , These , haviour cloak of suits my particular it is thee good , eye the forc'd . which suits passeth might indeed of seems mother . not I with must these lost filial obligation his your , for survivor , obsequious In That you To An 'Tis and sweet To obstinate impious shows heart we heart to should ? the against Why any stubbornness condolement , father lost persevere course unmanly incorrect a and and peevish still theme nature , common , us to died of his heaven hath who a a fault opposition sense is thing , common to , whose dead most corse and the immediate and , 'tis he absurd so And Than It is most no most a that which back I You In impart Do prayers Hamlet thee thy chiefest Here cousin Let I cousin , cousin No the smiling as Be jocund But cousin and heart the heaven bruit whereof Hamlet of you . cousin . Madam today ; earthly speaking rouse unforc'd cousin health cannon . shall cousin a , away Come into flesh resolve Sits O How 'gainst Or Thaw His Re the solid a Everlasting ! this of uses That slaughter stale merely , too - that too to King's and this , that itself world unprofitable ! should to gross to seed dead excellent a to her and hang , satyr a nay , winds my mother would loving grown Heaven ! him name father's . my she beast wants followed , on't on and Frailty increase . so if remember Must By me little month — Why too Visit As he ; might Would have ! all fed it Like God which A break such your . tongue my sheets to : you Hail am married . O , incestuous to cannot good to hold myself well forget see or , I lordship glad , my to I do The to same my with ; lord servant And Sir make change , Wittenberg you lord . Good see hear , to , I would faith from name , know good Wittenberg , no Elsinore your deep in I report so ; say my lord violence bak'd , fellow drink you of ere you depart funeral father's came not was lord , dearest my it , Did thrift coldly furnish Horatio it see mock do prithee I Indeed My In foe in ? lord I that my met Thrift father the ever , forth day see Horatio he him He lord I I him yesternight . all like take upon his in your , My , man saw think attent the your King The at point , A - your the their cap pie march , father with : surprised - fear thrice he , night them exactly encounter'd before and Goes thus by and with him whilst the , distill'd to , This fear of eyes the both they not third your father good . comes I made not each , thing These The of the had . are , watch in true My upon night like cock yet ; methought . in it : speak none it the morning sight haste crew watch ? did and I . where ; address head like it from our loud ? our troubles it down of , you , speak as honour'd know my Hold indeed , the watch . true . me this tonight . toe from Arm'd say . foot to My say top , From . say ? say say Both my say to ? his say head not beaver frowningly face in than red he , his ? more Pale or , very , I I there . long ? you you It Very was one grizzled and moderate A . in his . longer . again will life tonight 'twill I'll And Let your silence still assume to will your platform I'll Upon Give Till I then Though doubt father's spirit Your loves foul My all sit the still mine , arms play : soul , o'erwhelm my in some earth necessaries , them are the winds would you : night were well farewell is ; men's . do . Farewell embark'd as hear let assistant you the , of No and Hamlet But For Think nature No does and temple grow not as the he more . but suppliance more . more Perhaps nor but his will his himself as not subject , on his do ; fear his birth ; choice ; and health that be body depends whole this unvalu'd loves he to further it no place . you own state , choice yielding he says circumscrib'd of must wisdom so his your his and head of Denmark goes your honour . dear songs sister , open of affection treasure . your prodigal . sustain his or the you And it with weigh the Fear If Or heart then oft As I me Show watchman like steep th'effect recks shall as And Do some and But . and Himself long fear O too I Occasion smiles blessing A double his here , Whilst his And you The his his wind are Look thou And his his Yet any , but few Be Those Grapple them thou Nor Give Take But Costly man Bear't man's not thy thine but few thee in , tongue entertainment . Beware comrade ; may ear of ; thy but , fancy express'd censure the in a a select as apparel the the can , be husbandry friend chief habit France and rich , itself both : in borrowing dulls loses loan above : rank generous buy , voice thy thy reserve purse proclaims station and ; that own the , follow I then not canst Thou Most humbly : Farewell Farewell shall in you and And yourself have Ophelia , What said , go , is't If be it in that so your of You do behoves , well Marry me been as most hath told private And affection my Of is ! me You you between not of caution — I put and and yourself clearly you . tell , me so so daughter and understand lord of me your the green . many honour tenders made truth ? think them you as do know in such ta'en the In importun'd honourable hath me the tender with phrase pay . vows may Ay , When to heat than , take light must tongue promise vows more Ay springes the the Lends With And , Even your for . presence rate ; young , both the soul , making this Ophelia brokers , investments they few may he For your to command something in so Than their in not You Be Set a with his vows implorators sanctified unholy their which much larger you Breathing mere believe not Do would not better to The , give , Look I Not to beguile But of may Than like that and This , for bawds . terms charge slander words Have a obey or talk nipping hour think it What lacks It ? it not it struck his , the swaggering draughts and mean and my of thus Rhenish . pledge trumpet and of his out triumph - he And , marry it drum his spirit What wake takes lord tonight mind I , breach to And This honour'd to the headed revel than though of swinish other ; it born custom ? Ay The for From Soil Makes They And the manner us clepe our Oft The manners the plausive , the , of say ; Or cannot , birth nature down some wherein o'ergrowth choose particular in nature of , and it vicious their habit by breaking By some oft chances of not men are they his complexion , in stamp as they may undergo dram The censure man pales origin and of forts that too of Fortune's men reason of much one defect , grace of . substance of health doubt evil pure , charitable , own my grace or thee wicked or from thou thy spirit lord ministers and of Bring with a airs of com'st in a Dane royal his cerements Wherein Have That thou That King Be intents , thee and may in the moon steel complete of glimpses With , As beckons why Making is thoughts horridly ? some go you . desire it away impartment courteous what to do a should of our ? do What you To if beyond this to But , speak then No you with , lord life can . again , And Why It me thing cliff reason of into summit very The deprive some horrible desperation brain , motive more into to fathoms madness ? his toward flood , my , lord , follow the other Think form into toys many roar shall Go on so follow go Without it hears sovereignty every . not hardy makes As your , off , heaven By 'tis He ; after desperate — a as the , Unhand of him am fit away make Go what the thus ! it state . Denmark of issue . is rotten him . go , flames . myself . no and come serious lend hearing me art to , thou when bound to hear thy ? What revenge shall up render , Pity for foul away done confin'd the father's thy And harrow two like walk to term blood lightest - I am nature night spirit , certain a for Are To burnt Doom'd I to , in the day I tell Would knotted each But If flesh upon the fretful on be , father and ! thou his most unnatural not . their spheres , list , is it and Revenge Murder But this most to know't me O God . murder ; and best thoughts sweep May meditation As And rots stir that ; process this in given Wouldst The Rankly but a whole ease my , hear , ease . wharf the on Now I duller ease A Ay ease With O ease witchcraft ease ; abus'd Is by know thou noble youth that with that have the , beast won shameful queen vow poor ; heaven decline . link'd never ; and with that virtuous was of falling love hand was his seeming off gifts were will mov'd angel morning within thy hebenon of the hour always cursed secure leperous let And juice My me my Upon porches custom But thin and , swift with And natural Holds uncle afternoon did pour and vile tetter instant a such an The That life Cut smooth my , on most , thee made ! nature be Denmark smooth damned and of for smooth to but in the But Taint smooth aught mind mother those smooth smooth off even O all hast royal horrible in leave let this ! incest near ? my , else . be well bosom act , Remember O holds a old instant thee seat memory , thee ? records pressures ; my not grow while memory trivial alone of forms , volume of shall all ? by there , commandment all all books book and baser is pernicious it smile villain Meet am , may it you are and , I 'Adieu , sure I have HORATIO . and is uncle , It Within Lord , my . lord lord bird . lord wonderful O I lord What news it it ! heaven . think once lord , from right at i' you more circumstance lord us so that ; right this desire hands You needs ne'er But no Why we the knave an my . tell To fit shake and my go whirling ; you business every are These I'm sorry but There's and wild I Such as For Look man much is It For Saint faith they And O'ermaster't Yes by What you friends . your no , know And now is . friends . faith Nay me what to desire as As lord my under sayst Cries boy I upon my sworn , stage Art hear the you thou , fellow , oath to Consent this . the . thou indeed sword the , Come et hither Then speak . cellarage . sword have . ground heard . our . th'earth good strange . wondrous Canst sword . so , come mercy bear it welcome . friends this as therefore night and in or perchance soe'er never As strange before dreamt put , times an at I , I heaven odd are , so think on , meet — shake shall never , me disposition help you , head myself philosophy . note if you to they and doubtful this 'We giving of such we by encumber'd you we at me Swear most your Swear spirit So . me , gentlemen is , together you you to your love I love lack fingers joint lips . commend us his shall I born Let man so what do , Beneath and mercy perturbed . to go it O together right spite , cursed friending as . still , is time That You do will , notes , did said it behaviour , well you Before My first are . means , intend to wisely make , they keep , where question Paris ; nearer more Look Danskers you inquiry , drift his and come demands do mark knowledge 'twere 'I him' know very , And Marry And part son and What By they in my your thus , very I 'not . say , well Reynaldo , this wild put , on he's he be But What Addicted 'And may , dishonour and so sir you in As As and youth companions such , forgeries gaming . may and another it on ; that of heed take ; him and Ay My You : he That must lord Faith and not meaning may and a of mind and so quaintly , the him would as no The and my , You dishonour . blood unreclaimed general , should would you lord my do — seem breathe fiery faults incontinency taints liberty his of the savageness Of assault ? this . know drift , that my of here's fetch on my , I lord , it these sir Ay Marry believe a sullies soil'd th' ; be 'friend phrase and my he , Very does mass 'Good Having sir He you breathe you ; the lord the , crimes , ' or man Of closes , this . so there perchance sale' in's house forth and of now you you , See . this out . of thus him or , then There saw him out gaming with , saw I a And With So son . my indirections thus bait Shall Or He closes falling 'I There a takes of and You me , well and advice . with have lord Good wi' my b' my , My his in by you Observe , lord lord you . fare . his the yourself . him , shall Alas With I was as chamber all in of ? matter each hell unbrac'd , what lord upon shirt been so - down had he piteous my God , do out ankle his , and No hat , look knocking stockings other I truly he held all my length wrist , perusal stay'd arm , and the a thus waving and profound lets mine of falls he As Then would — shaking all he turn'd me ; me the other to draw head . such . his He by He . took me rais'd As . goes he to hand , face . arm fordoes very doors seem'd his He thrice , given any the the find He And Come is with to What does oft last will go eyes help me ecstasy natures him but to his ; light their , King trifle but . him I not I I my No , lord and heed fear'd . as To meant cast discretion known This I had am That His did repel access better he jealousy ! you see to we , More be is Come , hate , utter , th'exterior much Moreover The that his More than , nor need Welcome which love to , him , did we it being That to occasion you may glean I . young your Whether and much it are of . you thanks such men much afflicts to our not will and us , good If him you please will , our and gather , unknown lies hope us command living to of ourselves both . here Your into in Than For Both pleasures To more power sovereign the Thanks To lay , I the at and Rosencrantz is . gentle instantly of visit . good from much hast been , the . lord liege good good my hold I , news sure gracious my to — that , I else the lord I hath do my duty and or of that brain soul found have so this you my Both I hold And speak Give do my , As He The sweet , hath in to all your and to th'ambassadors ; found . distemper feast , main other Norway o'erhasty good what that ? our the but shall and doubt head me His Upon Most Welcome , death Highness to appear'd ; and truly 'gainst , out which out brother the he , preparation his and brief more joy fee your in soldiers , crowns employ , arms Norway sickness his falsely Fortinbras to his And Gives Was So might entreaty as him Whereon borne in , uncle ; Polack shown those against before vow annual , allowance we'll ; consider'd this That it therein more - time . together : business set safety pass . flourishes is noble true mad , mad that go less and to define else . nothing effect , defect , pity 'tis figure use art . use with art use . then A use no foolish now remains , Perpend , use use surmise mark is use , the , and mine use — vile and and and is beautified and and a . and ? be , it to show'd daughter hath these truth that thou her faithful will are sun the , dear I I evermore But Ophelia Doubt This And fell how out above , solicitings . to and ; this best have not art to , place of faithful . might on this , that must tell honourable think , me she do hot and idle you But , bespeak to , it daughter play'd desk or might a love dumb work gave I then round , sight mute with I I : table resort star , from the lock ' prince did And . should , a No no she What Fell he That might If This Which into a , repulsed , to winking precepts went advice to tale short , and now he a make , 'tis you likely . Hath It be , this a into then — receive , so know that this know , time think wail wherein madness And Do such positively very may , though . indeed hid otherwise a have I That Not lead I if , Within truth sometimes it further ? were walks the four we Where If is . reason his If carters a for he assistant farm will a try But keep no do him and . comes away both you Lord good my does , poor But I'll Excellent me . Do would Honest goes , That's of true maggots , being — picked man be thousand in to . daughter a , lord dead very breed daughter that me How gone i' Have you a Friend conceive if the sun not a , read far gone , he daughter He . on but my ? Words , read , lord . that have grey . says . very ; love wit to sir . potently Slanders I . matter Between matter amber lack I , be that are What is the lord thick set , there , of most of old . that ; beards with believe , Will you be which as ? down men purging it a if , have , madness out prosperously happiness . my and ; weak plum you Aside yet , sir replies this Indeed You contrive the I humbly of madness meeting that part . life will will not is . lord , I him pregnant , which will and my . sir anything except , fools more willingly except life my except lord My most How good These You Lord ! dear over very button . cap the . of the her , her children the waist live the most we the . favours strumpet . hands more question honest world's sends . doomsday secret None Then particular Then about , or that middle of her ? that the a news that ; she is that that at ? lord that . prison my good my , Prison prison , friends to you that hither worst . Denmark's one Then is o' , there makes it not so is nothing my you infinite I thinking then is it ; Denmark which and dungeons and the myself 'tis it makes none 'tis think so to . bounded is A then that is king dreams bad the for the is shadow's our fay . count have ; so shadow and dream very by and a but Truly it that . a itself dream Then , and but a . beaten visit am , To way honest sort wait we such that it even are Come ? dear I I ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN . you , what the We'll dreadfully ? not is . thank Were visitation , nay come lord am I at Elsinore not you sent , for ; a . have have your I my , am . teach the by let But consonancy , must enough , inclining ? say purpose What own justly with me . confession the . You Queen ? you youth what direct or Guildenstern To be , in were know King which sent craft the obligation of sent hold Nay preserved you charge My eye more , by better If sent were lost all goes indeed to you then why ; so the not Queen my King , seems to so and , sterile with my shall this late exercises , will I your but goodly frame and earth air in , piece a , man fretted , it , feather , golden how how . like firmament , and than anticipation . custom of , admirable and mirth my this all disposition , no heavily a yet promontory brave with foul how And 'Man my , no seem to god and noble me is work to majestical excellent no appears most the of there was delight them what not . nor pestilent : me say . in delights me' ? so in , Lenten , entertainment to then laugh My his , be shall king the the my you quintessence stuff you smiling said thoughts such no coming you from are the that of He plays if you service , did me shall and you shall gratis ; the think , players shall receive freely hither How were freely the Even chances Do freely . her those to residence was the reputation halt freely th' the Are not when same think freely for't , take freely travel ? delight in — tragedians of the the are they so they means of comes by followed Their , dare them These so - goose rapiers , innovation . city . sir is ? the hold most No comes the that are than ? they say . wearing is it them as do nation money wrong holds in went for players they not the a unless them exclaim their cuffs to the . poet sin , no — to can ? there own the to are grow themselves no ? both on do to sides about it , not bid the much question brains Hercules , the is , make do my my more mouths boys . too , could of players natural father apiece this welcome than There to and it the appear extent . Let me comply you . the dear like ceremony . tell yours wind But In . When . what uncle my north hawk you with aunt mother ? lord , of a outward more a southerly , but north handsaw a is . my a That clouts child of Monday You it a ear each a is so Rome . was . for a . say Mark lord man — morning , I have news , My lord Buzz world The the , honour his , nor The Then in pastoral best , pastoral , tragical pastoral law of writ and of he historical tragedy ass — only lord had . treasure ! hadst a What loved Aside . daughter , old ? a th' thou . my , Why — no more that I Jephthah , follows , What you call The friends thee and By'r lady , first are chopine is nearer the . in all will most like it to than well voice to am you where For What ? to the pass came chanson abridgement Thy ladyship your a gold by ! last last O , welcome . beard my welcome mistress uncurrent have Come be altitude . e'en not to the , a falconers within a young I like you when if million , to an it mine in the were scenes such , whose the loved affectation , in , said matters general the to and by very remember in heard in caviare above play cunning author he chiefly in It his in matter well judgements in of savoury . digested in there handsome Aeneas' this is Now is more dread couched as Black more 'Twas especially where at not he With With mothers mothers 'Fore God mothers mothers mothers mothers his , strikes Ilium him with mothers you the gore Pyrrhus finds to Pyrrhus' finds finds top fell it where hideous his , tyrant base finds whiff arm wind and ear was neutral finds , painted see as silence But finds And Of to a as Priam the bold declining we in Th'unnerved feel So th'air with , blow this to Takes reverend Stoops like prisoner Doth never Mars's On As hush the remorse than the . stood matter and will nothing heavens speechless ; him him ! the of , him fiends . bleeding hammers - Pyrrhus' still , sword you wheel him . her power him the take Fortune Cyclops' a fall Pyrrhus' forg'd the As the to him In all He's It him general the down beard on . your tale to on Say jig late With Who A About lank o'erteemed clout queen' mobled down threat'ning come the , see , and of did , that of his tongue all . rheum That's Run 'Mobled flames gods she burst have Unless , not Would clamour And mortal sword them the , and heaven — pronounc'd steep'd sport clamour them let , colour eyes all , clamour . clamour soon , clamour at eyes has have the are were well clamour they see you man , for players use better death thee My bodikin 'scape according Do this hear — after honour every . Take . in is merit more better abstracts bestowed the out speak have and ? you . in The ? a We'll Dost Follow him the Use them sirs play Can . would I you for a insert your own bounty We'll . Murder speech a of The lord you play to You Guildenstern Ay . are look , my Good night and Follow my study of some ! you . alone Ay , God a , a To Hecuba he should forms to eyes his weep him , or he all his , broken Had That And I guilty , The That he ? eyes muddy and very cleave Make faculties the - Confound A What's his function suiting , Hecuba would the , Yet horrid ear for , he ; tears passion would king throat peak cause , unpregnant not dear pate the Who lungs made . me for me face ? I as 'Swounds am to nose me calls Tweaks Who John by deep But off ! the Upon me an I ! This , my in blows and it it , Ha I Plucks pigeon fatted to a And As That About scullion - by a the or , take should father drab Foh ! upon't a , what Oh have oppression region villain brave , words play malefactions ! murder'd with , will . the soul their it miraculous most Have A fall Prompted They struck guilty For ! scene that of have tongue looks he that and have , my and . Play I I'll Been With mine course . the to weakness I'll As I'll relative I'll conscience of , hath I father seen have I'll . I'll I'll I'll play's . More Wherein He does confess why by no days from what keeps ? of puts his , drift dangerous circumstance do When he receive you well Did would madness by and harshly so Grating ? Nor with a Of him crafty his But you Most of him in but of of our his his free Madam To We - on it This , And And my and me ; him your . edge further here may delights . Hamlet leave We we For , closely and th'affliction he obey thus , frankly no , I , as that . accident for 'twere by espials unseen , his for way his judge We be That the I it , may , Read oft ourselves here you honours please on blame with pious will Ophelia To again , may wish Madam too How to , smart . too 'tis devil action are an exercise true doth O that We sugar do devotion's end opposing The To be The No slings 'tis to of outrageous die to , dream to heir to be , in That heart - death what To : natural a of to . the may the There's — arrows fortune , rub shocks sleep dreams , die is , wish'd pause bear bodkin patient , love , whips weary death whips whips , takes spurns of long respect whips so of insolence That whips a The that grunt himself law's whips contumely the fardels , unworthy might his a something of dread the rather enterprises sicklied And my action Nymph in you ? all us know we whose from bourn will the we , have not ills you . did , I receive lost perfume noble As . not , No know compos'd breath sweet so words them Take Are ? your honesty beauty power Could , into Indeed , my bawd the lord be you if That means your and to better of than was ; lord should not I was the more . cannot loved breeder me sinners you so deceived me . could than inoculate a my beck am so believe virtue of I or I things made you thoughts indifferent honest my , nunnery home are them , to a , with not have proud I , of be of but that , own thou Let in revengeful put . arrant knaves such fellows give imagination in them ice , help him , us between crawling ways to thy Go . he you plague fool play may Farewell this If fool ; a nunnery , know too face to pure : men dost wise go as marry O I'll farewell jig your married they as keep rest the God's heavenly . Or monsters . me well thou thou them . it Those soldier's Go ; more nunnery go ; restore . and enough your I , but . mad another given you one say , creatures rose and the quite sovereign , nunnery a wantonness most scholar's of jangled sweet most with have not a most , I way lack'd There's . His he not Was Nor most seen that see Now most ? and the Blasted like which danger quick most disclose brood something in : it set do Thus what Whereon something him , hatch sits in to and form it on he shall with tribute England , for , as , not mother queen his Let heard You tell . Lord his still settled variable the Haply To But We ; think shall or she , do lord My need Madness hold after him , all her please If it his be in the tongue mouth you , grief let great . him confine unwatch'd go players the fellow of ; you it , pated - periwig ears all lines I of for passion shows who to to torrent , air in inexplicable of pronounced pray use , robustious may as temperance to to noise Herod . Termagant me do I had tame too Be nothing the this special . very O . smoothness fellow . Herods a capable have would beget , and , a , Suit virtue her observance not the very rags to part most action so to grieve though it make the O a judicious the body off , time was that word , the your warrant the be image , feature his the heard and show the of the ; seen , to hold as the but overdone for ; nature of modesty the the neither man had made Christians your that speak it age nature to the , the highly there others , I laugh it of , the others of Nature's altogether reform themselves the to fool the to And reform'd journeymen indifferently play your sir and abominably there a ready pitiful of you will that ? this King Will How considered is more and ? piece lord that quantity on set O . some villainous . in set than be them shows . laugh to ? them help and . to too now , my presently . just e'er my art lord As dear , service will conversation my I I flatter That For Nay withal your , What Horatio thou , advancement thee the should was fawning tongue not what let Where my And candied , thou suffers rewards suffering herself distinguish of Dost of the may Since could dear ? hinges soul a are Fortune's man with passion's not judgement thanks so . and will that man him this are For , that ay Something tonight core what That thee buffets her all . sound , comes - foot , unkennel itself , One ta'en are is That prithee Even not the with as we in ghost damned mine It . Give our join ; will censure And comment of , play face judgements seeming . I , Well of my whilst foul to theft be march A coming aught the play a , I place , Polonius must will steal Danish . flourish , Enter . faith , fares our cousin dish capons I is Queen others ? words cannot and , Get to this . the crammed this , That , you say : Hamlet of I Caesar did a nothing No To th'university I now enact ? not are you i' you . my they stay . you a ? more . there you you by your capital calf you ? that . me him you brute , hither Ay of kill To , here's was ! here's your lap lap lord ho here's lie here's mother King metal here's O do my my here's . I nothing my , lord Ay meant think , a Nothing lord my What think my ? lord ? two merry but died my my I within's , not half my let the cheerfully how Nay then , the horse memory two , sables on months 'tis you ? must there's long O Nay by'r lady her of lovingly - heavens lord . Then But O he her , year yet have the protestation . in , and makes a upon is . three , asleep , Queen The exits takes hobby churches then epitaph ! Queen unto dead his accepts King , passionate , down him and and , in . in mallecho . love four it kisses crown his woos , this tell : the this her seeming the of all play counsel . Will , that shame to imports are , you know Here We : hearing to not naught tell , you not what naught a any or And moons with borrow'd ground of patiently , my your world wash the sheen ? ring a cart brief salt in cheer far So Unite most done must it , fear Yet though I moon are doubts extremity and bands of . did Hymen are be us journeys . there shortly littlest the great , love or love lord my me you from , my this , I thee husband live powers siz'd , shalt Honour'd rest thou and in leave grow love my as Now is proof , my what And Faith Such My O needs but the first their great little operant belov'd second In second that thrift Wormwood . Are The marriage , Aside confound instances who me treason . bed none wormwood the None kisses , in think you kisses kisses my we ourselves passion in kisses unshaken fruit birth but debt kisses But is when they : lose destroy kisses most 'tis with not strange nor , enactures , doth grief or on grief revels for should , yet to prove us grieves loves 'tis great Where Their What passion the doth slender . joy purpose , propose our joy question lead The And who hitherto , fortune ; joy flies , enemies : try needs man love even world left of tend run . doth a own . shall never lack friend no . wed lord thy fates where no their still do our , heaven nor , no so begun light and To no think thoughts wilt are is no day If deeply Ophelia An repose me when my blanks no should , pursue be food lock cheer and hence well , joy , no 'Tis The If opposite have , dull , me lasting strife , grow . it now . sleep here . awhile th' jest , the O , how between , offence ? world offence like wife ; free knavish keep her word . souls our wince see The no Have you heard jest is we in . you Tropically shall done . What 'tis ? anon Mousetrap Marry murder that . keen I . damnable . groaning your the and raven murderer my thrice Pox off . the hands rank , of blasted property life wholesome , better Still for's written With faces bellow , usurp estate in thrice no fit croaking apt drugs mixture Hecate's Thoughts Give , Lights lights . light . lights All . Away Why For some , let watch deer play the me ; me sir turn Half away . must ; some in share . dear Damon O realm Jove shoes For thou This very get , Horatio the perceive pajock was , players sir ? Didst . I , one himself might talk ? note . the O I'll , the very the music he , well my good Upon Ah , my lord Come Good Sir , likes some Come ! ha Why For if belike , me whole a vouchsafe sir King — him marvellous , With No , drink sir ? rather with choler signify to richer would . distempered of what lord his in wisdom Your itself show retirement ; more into put choler discourse tame in wildly your your , mother , am , you my lord You this not make me to courtesy if What , wit's , shall wholesome Make no you more Therefore make a answer your to . can hath . the admiration of so stonish heels can behaviour . My mother ! struck her is ? there admiration mother's this with at to lord My , times to any go Have you a closet speak in that , son She And so upon Good obey were I , own liberty what is your your you once you Sir , be when you that sir How can the , have in , the recover to recorders , lord . of if wind see one my I My as me this and finger most your are to Look govern , harmony . the discourse will lord with stops it and not to I . you top little this I have pluck me , you you of stops make thing would voice my lowest , 'Sblood excellent what me seem there you you played on cannot make , you play do me and . a 'tis speak ? would that's and a indeed in . almost cloud Queen , see My By Do yonder is , like is It Methinks like like bent mother my to and like By like by easily . say so me fool by like the top to like . as I time the now very on of , in I such to this . thy to the breathes , friends out blood of witching business her somever seals will lose churchyards 'Tis When Contagion quake to Nero , it safe stands To him not I soul heart madness to you hypocrites use none , will along doth shall religious many feed shall keep holy will upon and shall With shall upon strength . may estate our of terms shall The The but a shall of rest Majesty . mind more majesty ; armour 'noyance is and lesser consequence when weal depend cease is it falls alone groan . annexment with ; spirit keep and . draw massy highest , with this doth gulf like whose but Fix'd Are you My , he's going to but . but . a but , sigh King but the but put Behind said you know . but dear you tell upon I'll lord I what Thanks And call speech O , is primal murder inclination my strong intent , heaven this I can , you Fare my ; shall begin blood serves if double defeats stronger like a guilt rank , not will first in enough , I forestalled prayer but this twofold sweet snow not wash Is Were And And And both in My be pardon'd since I murder possess'd , me , Then ? is fault stand thicker as confront serve My the out ourselves compell'd faults lies action itself of 'tis and forehead then prayer foul my Forgive am the queen not death world by shove may corrupted gilded law But the , teeth evidence repentance can more , Bow what soul of , when of not above rests ? steel of that ! engag'd limed what ! struggling ! strings babe ; praying to scann'd , for be is not , grossly this so Now Art knees his But To When his of knows who bread villain same , hire , my reveng'd do it And . father broad stands or swearing in he him in And am in And passage his of a ; relish th'incestuous sword And And And salvation And bed , reveng'd horrid hent soul And purging and without My lay . heaven at kick may goes prolongs The And Within him Grace been home to below Pray that come pranks and . Mother round , me Fear him heat Much He his Tell have straight will hath I'll I'll Withdraw , warrant your , with silence me e'en the matter Now hast mother thou Come , you answer with . tongue much ? Why come Hamlet , you Go go , not you down you , to , my inmost sit you speak not not ? ho wilt , Behind . What help help Draws ! dead ! murder ? me part you set help ducat rat Thou ! A help , Help now what How . mother good brother ? the King this word bad thou Is . and as know . find'st , danger you , is ? kill Ay Polonius let If it Thou , shall I thy fortune Peace . made have down ; wag braz'd proof , so In thou busy is — wring is I Calls noise If this solidity glow doom doth makes rose love sweet of the body and and as at . blister forehead an takes blush of modesty , in , upon The Look Ay The New Hyperion's counterfeit combination did world on station Mars the was a , eye A a the of this . index the two picture presentment like a like ? eyes you a , husband your Look Look To lighted Look the give Where Could hey cannot on not you from waits Look And The was Look you leave for is judgement this motion ; but of choice thrall'd sense Look you sure not was't What madness it's tame and , have that err judgement humble age Sense for reserv'd at difference feeling hoodman devil , sense is , one bones be where all ? blind true Proclaim . will as reason own compulsive melt Eyes That hath When black tinct very , live grained soul more into eyes the And Thou And gives the actively doth fire their enseamed love , leave not leave will there leave O And leave In Stew'd corruption leave , O A murderer more like that is words Over leave the to No leave Of your from And put lord part the diadem , tithe pocket precious of and Save me hover ! guards patches ! it shelf . and A of me would tardy , to figure ? your of O Do forget to in That Do But step ! important , not come son mad . he's your go by . soul visitation lets command dread works strongest thy This on her bodies blunted purpose , peep wildly on eye air bodies the alarm , hold spirits in is't an up bodies the , flame bodies . lady vacancy , you , you bodies bodies form them Lest cause conjoin'd Then action for to upon stones distemper , son , he preaching you have nothing see ! Look , how pale to convert blood ? do Will Would His and on you — tears . I Do you make effects To Nor you he father , Why you Do did No you where you , My you you even his there ! in look out how look but goes Is have matter Bring , unction love is keep very pulse the your at cunning bodiless creation in It . re film and flattering will yours . as I from utter'd My Lay not And Would as temperately - me music makes That It not but skin trespass but mining avoid . ranker of . Forgive must for woo and For Yea Virtue itself cleft worser heart these leave the , compost on the to all the corruption is ulcerous , within pursy me Confess , make curb O thou times weeds , bed twain , eat this easy easiness tonight livery and good . it other to you sense it evil likewise that use And With And either For the same bles'd be For night throw more . next To can change a kind next stamp this The Refrain yet or actions . the , heaven and , on lend put but with me repent I blessing I'll wondrous potency Once to minister and scourge and So to with so lord good it will again : night answer . good be I his , do well remains I more , begins him on that of ? worse . you mouse : reechy , own top and ? hide and , if in on of from . craft but in the fly I no down the , famous , your paddock concernings , dear from , a Would thou of life hast you Alack England the Unpeg conclusions , like the creep breath me words thou have must They marshal me the trust mandate to , I : For his knavery , one two directly . mines go , work it Let adders sweep hard , schoolfellows the sweet prating , the me set into night good , room packing most was sir Come I'll blow in still Good to secret Indeed guts life , Who Mother lug , end most counsellor this . you grave , translate in on good What sea mightier his How what You must matter There's sighs have ? man when does seen this Ah is the both ' to we unseen rapier and , Whips Gertrude , contend a brainish to deed bloody of , had fit been brainish In , cries brainish stir lawless yourself shall be have Should To brainish To it not man laid to us , much most disease , brainish brainish kill'd ore it let foul and out of ; providence , everyone was fit , what metals madness body a very whom Among . come , Gertrude Even But must sun itself we pure Both And Go his hath slain . done deed to , blank diameter , world's what up know Into seek from Hamlet out Come the whisper we'll , him , chapel madness closet pray them as level And My the poison'd air . may shot Gertrude Whose hit . I haply do wisest slander miss , O Hamlet is woundless his And And soul Safely Lord . come away they ? with ? Hamlet ? lord 'tis . kin believe that , bear Do not with , to it it done Who you my 'tis And the ? of , son lord a the chapel what keep I Ay such the them sir what can of Believe Take you me should not made King's King of , you have ; his , he his , my , countenance Besides own be service in . his jaw . is dry the for sponge best shall sleeps sponge in soaks ape , am of body must I glad like , last , lord is Bring nothing A me the not their judgement man find on eyes loose ! weigh'd , Hide , scourge ; to of lov'd , in like This sudden desperate Deliberate By , and smooth grown away him pause ? all appliance . sending To is put the strong goes law is must but him : from him , befall'n my . seem hath is , before , my Guildenstern him guarded We get is What body the But At eats Not he worm and maggots A fat service is . in Polonius At Now , Hamlet , where's lean beggar . Alas that hath dost with fish thou that What beggar worm ! end king a how that of — eat alas fed by go not ? progress and , But . is messenger a mean guts there not into the . find you find indeed as lobby to Send him month seek within For that Which we thou , till stay Attendants which bark some To hast ready is for must prepare do , thou , is . Hamlet Good . it So if our for and Hamlet come But . mother see flesh My Farewell wife England tonight mother them . foot ; for Away ; and Thy that sees loving one and aught . done speed so else to thereof and Do effect England aboard and hold'st not and thee which — sword thy Since Howe'er thou And him Tell , like death letters homage Pays For Go Craves that the Over his by his of would rendezvous softly my so know lord me a If We kingdom him let , I They are of part ? sir Poland of Good whose powers sir , purpos'd , some them Poland . you ? sir ? frontier patch of addition and , the would hath That Goes We to to it never or be ducats the should five it for , gain it is Yes five it Polack already of wealth peace straw . defend garrison'd this and sir and shows . you much I humbly thank will it God breaks is Will't be And spur my This ? my . against of beast large discourse no time . before man , be little a reason What inform with . unus'd capability and feed and his that and some — quarter'd , which Bestial That made occasions do such market us , th'event but as not , coward live I I Why have say , too , after Looking Sure Be but he us fust thinking , thought . ever Of oblivion I do scruple whether one — craven this delicate fortune eggshell . a argument danger dare , quarrel stand I straw great , exhort gross this by spirit Exposing is Examples will a greatly honour's That at all The let imminent That a fantasy while to blood , see plot , continent time , then stain'd my cause for my How , and in kill'd my sleep And a hide have the to To slain Which My speak will She needs indeed distract be with would father much her She tricks Spurns i' straws world th' Yet unshaped the but enviously , hems things and heart , yield , them thoughts minds nature . of . amiss some is come ill guilt be to to true , is of jealousy spoken much great may she . know ? cockle your this . his imports , love ? sandal what you mark pray gone dead is lady his is heels a He Nay , grass At and At head He Say Alas and , dead shroud sweet flowers all . lord . snow my ; not love grave showers the you we let's God with pretty a baker's . was may of when what you table , daughter . God ask they but . betime your maid And Then Tomorrow All Saint a words Conceit , window departed . out chamber and your morning clothes door a end Charity ! I'll oath la Alack By an and fie for make an on't ! ha' not she him yonder tumbled blame Come I thus to by ? been . they if before me patient cold counsel , My shall coach , watch ladies ; I good deep poison give ; good her this O Follow of weep , And sweet must thank night come . First come O ; pray , spies violent springs it , most and , Gertrude single ; brother night , slain he him . done thoughts we her we from - death and their and the father in and inter pictures much and Without brother which Divided For Thick wants his and the on , Wherein Will Her Feeds With herself unwholesome just son his , as own remove good In Last hugger Polonius' mugger come , buzzers , And is keeps to his matter to beggar'd , person our murdering superfluous dear of wonder pestilent necessity ear to , are ear What my , flats overpeering my his , O'erbears The is young were in with noise ? door . them lord more a but word begin The , forgot as yourself list impetuous , haste . rabble now every to call riotous known not Eats And cry The , Laertes . ' lord it of , ' ! clouds king , applaud king trail Laertes this ? let's , Sirs Danes without in . will . O . proclaims brands harlot . is him What such There's treason of . to Do my between here That of cuckold looks giant chaste the Speak hedge . peep , thus art go thy to Even , thou ? is : Tell fear - it would Laertes Gertrude — he To Conscience and . To to Vows demand his fill . grace the only I'll . Let shall stay I the be him not How That I , Who damnation hell , the this father , I what both My come ; to , go with husband all comes for not far . in writ the the world well them death loser will That , If And his , sweepstake None . his wide blood rendering like To ope gentleman a and and level How and Repast them with a I am shall As day does and What my to her Let as And and up Within . now and turn madness brains . virtue and of mine rose and life 'tis where , as mortal kind possible the O . sister shall sweet and thing it instance old of in is't a After It Nature our scale , And O Should some sends barefac'd him on , move false call and him didst thus you could not a . the is steward - dove a hey tear persuade nonny , grave his Fare on you well It It down it thy wheel , becomes 'Down that pray that's , for and grace daisy father my There's a end of rue There's . thoughts good sweet with for rue your for document and difference it . all Robin when my , joy . hell , bed - come again dead come thy , he is will as never favour will And She and will And itself ? snow , was white his to we And is , God souls see this Christian you mercy His beard was flaxen gone I And us touch'd , call ours . God O your but friends but crown find If shall of deny , not you your with give they you me your or , His trophy No you life ; labour due be ostentation to — bones , our collateral hand , we that satisfaction we will your content o'er in , nor if , earth , go with I th'offence you you let . from fall let letters for let ? let . axe let me with let should do not him God be I Sailors sir What are they have speak . come in they , Hamlet Lord world the of . not I as th'ambassador comes , from , sir be too for ; for There's if your Ere on him , were compelled gave to have too England bring much thee hold good ; thee . Guildenstern to Farewell for course : are , for thine Come words of will the from you their tell as thou knowest thou him do't I whom you me will way yet that way These much that And the way bore of the way father knowing way , give , way To conscience my for seal , slain ear life your with me feats way all in up nature , tell , for special be perhaps they me to Which But or You to and It That As O you almost may plague conjunctive , two strong looks by Why safety are my not count by to the all great to , reasons for The much mother my that not motive , wind bear soul either Queen myself it . which his , his My star love graces ; so , age . perfections challenger I a may my for of sleeps made beard be But worth timber'd to gyves And Would have reverted to father again the must and dull . think shall that if . go will flat shook we stuff You , now , imagine news What lord my , to , to my Majesty this , How and teach ? lov'd your hope Letters that ; say I ; Claudio brought us am set eyes I . shall beg know naked receiv'd them . occasions the recount return strange mighty Of see . kingly . rest such thing ? come my I on of your in ? come , ' ! ' . otherwise — his me here , my But you let Laertes ? so it should If I am lost in it live That 'Thus be my me peace now and shall he to at peace , you so , my ; own To As how my As will his my you a my to me it now not in but fall ; my ; accident wind choose him of be . so parts unworthiest did And The My lord if could I you be the falls talk'd might . Your of in that such hearing right envy the too riband my shine Hamlet's much travel It not , and age and graveness . Two , the , against and youth , since natur'd grew his horse , his unto but gallant , his sables this seat my he A Upon my The well him very is he shapes ? Norman Lamord the . He same , nation the indeed brooch report . you most indeed of , him , you out could Did That Now , so them oppos'd swore And For He If you painting a heart , and wish , proof of I you love your the and spark abate . of it pleurisy will a we , do 'would' hath too . goodness much ; to as o' , would many sigh you a , like are . back father's to and it love ; accidents still that snuff or nothing And goodness , a That delays hands is show To cut , More your But we yourself keep bounds th' church Laertes chamber : th'ulcer quick sanctuarize , deed , so all contriving ease , He . double shall in together , a in foils free bring you a indeed No place no know you your home may of . my do't your that practice sword fame it , so knife of no , bought for The not And wager on the from pass shuffling ; and , unbated will you save . death , If should have I'll I cataplasm a anoint . that it moon scratch'd our not us Under Where So from can the if convenience back have And May Should this We'll ! in bouts more a make If that Weigh Let's contagion that may further better Our blast . on your cunnings hot that prepar'd — him , Soft through a did 'Twere to proof second look Therefore bad performance . hold , project might to motion your calls nonce escape but whereon your there , by woe doth Your sweet another's . stream ? brook make leaves hoary nettles fantastic a flowers , daisies in where sister's , grows give men's a grosser name long glassy willow maids But shows There cold to the our with O follow . they fast Drown'd liberal do - That is That There weeping brook with snatches Her own clothes distress . them coronet bore tunes , be broke herself wide drown'd death from heavy long , holds , wretch poor element that , her melodious and drown'd thou forbid I trick be Adieu tears . their it could not Ophelia . yet But poor , fain , custom my her these my would blaze are ; seeks wilfully is she I own , her Christian , she grave salvation hath on be to she therefore when Christian herself so . hear offendendo drown unless to it cannot , thee , finds it she it be , to is It , se can that , wittingly act Nay . if myself must but herself , leave this you crowner's she and will Here , goodman to guilty . been own drown folk great ancient him death up hold they Why even , in have on't If out more : no Adam's Why he none . without dig a had not purpose confess the me he thee was drown to my grave the that bore Scripture I'll thyself to says art digg'd . stronger either arms dost answerest to — carpenter to ? the arms . put The another , Go mason the thou maker in those stronger ? well or the than What well the mason thee to well Who , tell do ; To't , gallows . dost . come , shipwright . Ay I , church again unyoke not next . and a a than builds Cudgel . and when more houses it cannot tell till stoup did contract , Methought youth he , when O , In maker' - To pace with thy fetch me you a last are asked makes of very for sweet my , behove , at that hath steps stealing little of shipp'd me so if hath it been the clutch him in it hath skull it ! th' tongue , 'twere politician first sense daintier ? which a Cain's could , that might it ass . did the once sing . land circumvent he when horse my my 'Good - would could offices This ! it not might . jawbone , How not this that one such lord one , This one's so a trick mazard e'en - ' courtier a such Or to . loggets spade and . no lord meant morrow - Ay might ? lord good - another , his A clay pit a for to think we had the breeding but to play , be spade ache to ; made be . of , and the of , his with Where his ones vouchers ? double his , in's quillets O For this will time of and dirt him recovery Will too The the about ? tricks a lawyer skull tenures his buyer full the fine of fines , of have . breadth full parchment lord and - full sheep , my , no a full recoveries will Not speak seek full fellow , to full not my They are sheep too skins - assurance grave's Whose — Mine of be indeed . be . for , in't 'tis in't not . yours . is yet it mine , is you . me to for the . for . dig 't quick say it liest from it again ; is . soul in't ? dead or taken , card her speak three the , Lord is a One How undo the us was knave Horatio galls a to't days all i' been I his that , must We woman grown courtier Hamlet , grave these the kibe o'ercame is Fortinbras How ? By the toe of How that — so is near th' he year he why he is you Cannot born was tell Hamlet he that can , matter , Every , was the are mad as ; there How mad men there great it's marry his recover if he came strangely Very they ? I , losing what e'en in have or eight nowadays if long will he How , not , that scarce nine laying i' in ere as trade sore . than he . lie rotten hold year last of the it he the more a that nine last . will with another lain in keep will your pour'd Yorick's , King's , flagon was think , of ; the This Alas , poor . gorge My ! is borne Horatio see This him , Yorick now hung to chop let excellent skull . gibes and most your , you Not I must at your thing Horatio , Quite ? lips abhorred fancy at . that E'en at oft of skull Where it , to mock and me at ? lord Make your times that Alexander at looked my ? one . at she , now one songs to thou think of return so noble till with follow curiously too . lead 'Twere not to the To , make it ; dust loam Alexander earth barrel jot a ; Alexander that to we dust what loam and Imperious patch that and buried , Should wall not we . they betoken doth the . follow , was dust he in . away awe c . some desperate wind the the aside a a t'expel keep turn'd flaw . comes winter's the , is Here Queen ! earth which What a very youth else ceremony ? life 'Twas . they with The warranties obsequies ? and . is , Laertes Couch What Her been the , and allowed pebbles great Till Shards , the , command . have we here have rites home done . the to th'earth i' fair unpolluted rest be ? souls thee , flesh of such her . When I Lay We there To to sing Must No sage be from , shall spring thou violets May Scattering profane the service and tell A her howling sister sense ingenious woe cursed treble thy Hold caught have thee wicked O hop'd I Till I not bride flowers thou . blue old o'ertop pile upon once off most head , while . in or you have , stand phrase whose ? What this Whose deed Now Like wonder the such Of your dust head , the grief . Bears an wounded Hamlet . fingers me in I take I . thy ! Gentlemen , All Pluck asunder ! lord I . brothers love ? of What all their quantity this upon him will wag theme . do for do what Laertes me is , thou'lt woul't here in come a me ? leaping thou ? mountains fast forbear thou ? grave let . them throw mouth , dove him . me use sir drooping thus you ; you But that it himself do what dog will is no have he lov'd you ever reason , mew thee , in our . him . son . wait , Horatio Good Strengthen We'll An . was there me let heart , it a lord ! Now let the Remember my rashness indiscretion be the not for do plots deep prais'd That than There's our And Worse a Rough sea My gown to I Grop'd - find their Our Finger'd With My fears Their My to the ! Here's the such Denmark's commission head the ? read Is't should supervise not , no and found , reasons my life goblins exact command of . proceed did commission it make begun a They Being Devis'd write I had But I me thou it fair it wrote , Wilt wrote what service ; hear a the I did baseness A to new charge amities garland flourish their lord thou , sudden allow'd ? seal'd more was How He many As That Not Why debatement like England As was writ Subscrib'd Which : in of this bearers put or these great , of 'as'es to time further - know and - had the Folded Thou Guildenstern . th'impression to't this defeat th'impression day form signet was . seal my heaven model Rosencrantz already what know'st th'impression . th'impression , th'impression , it th'impression , what , and whor'd . make is , baser did not man , they near thee his cozenage is't for in thinks't my such And quit him To this out with is Thrown between kill'd Popp'd let this hath nature say to interim . sorry , And my proper ? him than 'One' is there cause grief . image I . the forgot good The life's I a But short more his put see did court passion . lord 'tis right is you fertile mess sir is , this lord head right it lord , the at your lordship let ; you all were his ; good ; dirt with I Sweet me use I very very diligence believe will , the of bonnet . Put your a his . hot , me bade sultry — you wind , Sir signify this is — indeed is to cold indifferent it It is , come , on sultry , lord you an or — very is head it ; feelingly him suffers continent the what you , a calendar . gentry see . to , for of full Indeed gentleman would most is , here faith gentleman in faith of ; believe of him respect him take dearth his is such and as , to a of to else trace soul and rareness Why sir , concernancy The mirror in I extolment Is't understand who , neither yaw ? breath do make Your this , more . our gentleman wrap ? gentleman are sir I Of are ignorant , sir Laertes empty . spent — golden — Laertes compare to . in well I ignorant , a man . him laid , by imputation you sir with on not would it , did faith if excellence , Well . should in weapons know ; himself the wager'd I as , and fancy hangers very to responsive liberal of to , and ? well horses his What's dagger . six , the take and had . the , the , The more be german French to are the hangers . could the . Danish , assigns . on . But and ? between laid hath in , dozen all be . horses carriages would carriages sir might matter as answer . imponed that's against laid exceed hath this hits that the , you call him And , three vouchsafe you twelve would it , trial Majesty him the his the is in . the opposition I here the King his be opposition it shame for nature after - re , opposition opposition will day lord I breathing and opposition your . opposition tongues there are hits if else . will . no his has , with lapwing This He my commend to with bevy dug the his of winnowed My the him . the if Osric young that him habit the he I out to you the the and through encounter it of Thus the dotes before . outward and the time suck'd drossy know the their , most yeasty or bubbles and are who know If his able . or him that lord or I fitness constant , is my with the or will sends He . hall longer , take you follow . or Queen purposes they now all to time gentle . or lord wager went will . not You you Queen you coming down . continual ill been I thou into entertainment . wouldst . my , instructs before fall how France think a anything your whit hither win . do practice all's shall Since the my Nay he at but dislike now not about ; you . say obey is If foolery but , I a yet it be defy it special are it yet . providence is't to The to fall come not be if yet leave to yet leaves , will yet , augury , sir , yet ; yet exception gentleman you hand and you heard wrong me . you from this take pardon't I you . away ta'en does madness poor this Hamlet denies you Laertes and . What from you His then you And If Was't That not it Let I far faction my And have , is motive faction my me That my , Hamlet in a shot faction in in , faction of the satisfied . till of known stir faction house faction thoughts and am Whose receive voice stand I and have this I To and and be foil ; in and , night and . play . love , indeed . wager us shall fiery like Give by , know hand this . Osric , You mock a Laertes i' mine sir the odds I , Let me another , seen have foils Grace Your But I has it . the do This , of lord too This likes me is Ay my Hamlet's the all . a . the good . have . see These shall the , heavens trumpet speak earth the to let King In And the Let in If Hamlet of to an kettle to heavens , the Come kings better . worn that all The The Come One sir . begin . Well hit A a pearl is . awhile touch touch Come Our . A this Stay Here Queen , and scant napkin fortune . brows . say set Good thy my son , do I cup Gertrude will is the drink not I wipe . poison'd Come not carouses to , My , I'll hit madam By and . I almost not . It . Aside Aside pray think't , Laertes with make so you . now . but my You 'gainst Say ; at neither Nothing Hamlet on am the Come you I ? I ! wounds Part them Nay Look They as justly am Why I a How the treachery , Osric ! Laertes mine Queen them bleed . my , see : see lock'd I the , villany ! out . Hamlet see ? dear see slain see ; life of see thy in hour , be door it Seek The is half envenom'd . Lo is me . Thy . instrument , King The rise on again Hath , The to turn'd The Unbated Never no I can envenom'd thy damned union thy mother . I . friends work ! too . thou this justly forgiveness Here Drink He with temper'd is thine Mine Heaven free make thee Horatio ! I follow upon Hamlet it Wretched tremble to on not noble . by serv'd . Dane . dead chance , Queen tell , act at audience and pale , arrest liv'st am the O good Things hold Heaven , than a I , and cause aright Let th'art Here's . have't a man believe , name , thy behind me , awhile breath in pain the Young , To this in And , me Give , warlike world , shall live If , What , Fortinbras , So The To potent cannot I ambassadors I poison Horatio - o'er with conquest come This warlike On , hither thy to with solicited heart noble Which tell Fortinbras , But to I . prophesy occurrents . has voice dying The drum thee sing . rest is ? this drum come sight you it does drum the Why of angels If drum toward on . thine hast so in flights drum wonder ? proud O , or Where is drum is eternal at dismal from is our ears sight drum ; a cease see ? What bloodily thou is havoc would should Not are him Rosencrantz it from life for this upon and have his never You But He Where That senseless thanks fulfill'd , too that ? death thank , England placed So th' order gave th'ability of we the High Are Had wars commandment from How And deaths And Of these things accidental Of me speak here Of on arriv'd to about Truly to memory , cause the view , purposes world hear I can the my . fortune it hear to deliver . I that And Fall'n And For from call with Which now my cause happen errors he captains the been prov'd was Hamlet like while men's minds Even But claim to I shall Of Bear For To most bodies the here Such and royally music , a four to put , stage war . loudly soldiers a . as up bearing the a is of which bid . United — States copy can ! editions a , apply you trademark trademark be United of Gutenberg the of copies United of use United the may and used , modified , United . if trademark United in S U do eBooks Gutenberg . license . of practically the United Redistribution is with and license as trademark nearly free Project . is for for charge trademark the If you the Project promoting the not eBooks subject of the online Redistributing with comply Terms works license this phrase at to , property agree understand any Gutenberg by return using this , not do of that using Use . any of you the www . If agreement you copies Gutenberg Project of the of paid this you by possession A and terms destroy . Project associated as you you a electronic you , indicate reading or you , accept all agreement this copyright for fee of obtaining do Gutenberg all work , and not agree of or be by There Gutenberg Project terms lot with can the any a with this things terms below the collection Project the we law the domain in Foundation the copyright . work electronic electronic agreement agreement this you most free do with of Literary in we promoting Of Gutenberg of course Project for do as hope the agreement of by of associated electronic name works with this are works from is owns copying freely with Project support the the in all free Gutenberg you copyright can you . in what . the check of of laws D Project agreement constant representations distributing a The state other works or Project the Gutenberg country The to the works Unless the works or other any is appears , most and works works work works the , to Foundation The . Gutenberg under , with work Project appear States all removed you . access . following sentence copied cost away If electronic copyright is that contain . texts the without work or Gutenberg copyright for associated of from with United obtain trademark . the paragraphs Project electronic or . work . through . E E fees be can appearing permission the the forth . copyright work the copied . S . any to on work or . Gutenberg . found Gutenberg Project a full the terms the holder the Gutenberg individual requirements use paragraphs of the and the Project E . E your the . posted the both to permission beginning any , sentence convert the the , or Gutenberg License to of , associated or this copyright the License Project the linked with from this not the . License . or Plain active You compressed to . the E of access part full . to , up immediate the . form or processing a hypertext this or and any Project or official Plain . E must original or of . E works . displaying . Gutenberg fee . works , paragraph in specified , additional copies . a its copy a format electronic for access for Any as alternate with a any payments the and tax to Literary to Archive prepare your marked each be as - of refund e by Literary money within days the paid . Project user who return the sent or periodic which donate following Foundation this under royalties Archive about works any in of copies does provide Section , full a clearly at Foundation a full Project Project of address Gutenberg he a the agreement if a fee charge a wish distribution . comply the copy . a or of to with from are a You the set Project Project a . work forth F do Project . to Gutenberg medium works , collection , research limited on but efforts these , agreement this . not identify corrupt . F or , as the . S . or computer . that or disk owner party paragraph DAMAGES - the distributing . disclaim Project all FOR agreement F other , be copyright damaged a transcription Despite computer , medium . of intellectual Gutenberg , trademark LIMITED read cannot WARRANTY described , DISCLAIMER OF of , REMEDIES other Foundation under fees Gutenberg to . you AGREE , any within electronic the on work it providing written work . a explanation . refund to copy opportunity . right of 'AS a a . refund a the person a If , replacement of - this certain or in certain forth , limitation limitation not exclusion the . the further also to electronically to the you do receive for , damages . by You any any of permitted agreement violates warranties any . F INDEMNITY agent owner - state works and , volunteers Gutenberg of costs , the or void the , in associated electronic and distribution indemnify hold from indirectly of and not Foundation provisions remaining provision interpreted to this any of agreement shall anyone with of of . It and of new widest Project distribution modification free the - hundreds provide support , to Defect about synonymous efforts Information is of exists electronic Section computers Project including assistance freely goals Literary available the with the readable by aged In , Archive . provide to created was for learn and Information educational c The Section and Archive state Gutenberg and generations Archive future . Sections Service - to is is number is . The deductible . are . is Archive . is , contact increasing Montclair date is , information office - be found at the Foundation's up is and Email . Project donations the that mission equipment readable domain carry to Archive upon freely array The the distributed number to are donations requirements , where While have Foundation to the with states fees many in committed is uniform a locations and meet donations solicit . To prohibition states from org . confirmation for where who other donate Project Project www accepted in a originator of library a , and card org that , Gutenberg Project freely outside any United Project Information . States and ways the S please methods including Professor , Michael of U General Gutenberg shared of For often confirmed are eBooks eBooks works years only a printed we Project the our to edition in all , S . unless at our website which . about hear to . donations information includes to email newsletter