, answer upon your . thee struck twelve Get . thanks cold . sick I much come carefully ? Barnardo , bed you am heart bid Not Have mouse a night Horatio Marcellus and . this Friends I them O farewell , Who is ground Give Barnardo Holla place , has good ! hath reliev'd ? tonight ? fantasy him of . seen but , entreated him us it this come appear to speak , ears story nights seen pole of , heaven , myself and that westward t'illume then break , off where . thee now it burns , one again dead of — beating , Look the to King Mark , it , Horatio . charge charge I thee , speak . pale ! answer ? fantasy and ! and ! true not believe thyself had ? might avouch parle an Norway thou it As like art not to armour the angry he know opinion not ; observant and and the subject of me strict down sit Why So why bodes In toils same This now Why Does might such toward - labourer with sweaty task week day , I daily for of the to our , most cast from of implements that can That goes whisper but can I ; King the brazen , joint Sunday inform ; war whose shipwrights , be that image , make night is't Who me . by know of Norway , Hamlet , and life a ; of inheritance Had Which he stood with by his seiz'd , King the Norway of mettle . skirts list diet and well doth of lost our this haste it armed is and trouble palmy state sheeted of mind's eye the mightiest and the Roman the Julius in gibber tenantless ; and of fire sun influence trains squeak Did The A the stars with in the and Neptune's and heaven to ! though thee Speak privy to to , foreknowing ! it will stand if here here with , Stop it Shall Do 'Tis gone it offer it And was about as is We The cock Upon then And Awake started lofty his in his Th'extravagant fire day that Doth To So But have yon high morn of watch dew my hill advice time to power is hath so and the look heard o'er we for ; up , us Hamlet young Unto I and , are bird of wholesome , then spirit dare stir abroad strike , to him , know . it this morning brother's Attendant dear our of be be contracted hearts Though The bear That To Yet With mirth in , auspicious jointress as to sometime our Together Therefore Have With one , Th'imperial we and weighing nor ; with have delight all young our brother's , made levies dispatch , is , is suppress scarcely , here writ : meeting of have is is Fortinbras we young of uncle is - in , is you and greeting further power the than , articles we show our . your Norway old more haste VOLTEMAND . will and commend nothing , some of You that and shall your . offer instrumental not And voice be not hand Your From though , Laertes to the . slow to . Laertes at it ; thy be time my will ! kind — son than my ? and consent leave me at leave and hang still am I not Do And Good so Thou noble common Passing through it madam . seems , mother good black forc'd , river me denote the dejected thee know I solemn of suits inky of moods These the man ; and suits nature the which passeth No Nor not madam Nor of , is it of your lost and for some the to duties these lost you To give father in It shows Of obstinate in filial obsequious will a most a and in must understanding most in should Why the we As any in For in To to In obligation sorrow . But know thing is to heaven , peevish our absurd till We you think and let immediate father . of bears to take , eye , remain desire you to our our of comfort , and back And , impart mother , cousin her ; go to , fair obey a you Wittenberg . son Hamlet not prayers . come tell , bruit clouds heaven shall . Come flesh thunder had solid too and too this , 'gainst How Thaw the resolve canon self , weary to stale 'tis rank it things the of an and so come and Heaven , dead it to grows That merely So Hyperion Visit Must it remember if think she beast tears longer ! little not on't ; of yet , ere my followed Why with like unrighteous galled most in to dexterity the . such left mourn'd father's have Would My heart , to nor , for cannot I incestuous hold good you forget you lordship , ever that from Marcellus good lord My my name Good . even friend with good ; sir . truant what what And Nor glad , it yourself I you are ; you . ear my your that enemy disposition in to faith , make from my . truant report , wedding student hard The the seen day in tables , funeral follow'd lord coldly had Thrift Or Did My , think , my lord a , I Horatio ? thrift Horatio a , I was I . father your the King my him saw I his all him all . in again take look I The , Who ? father , attent the Upon admiration ear thus - with he : cap of on , had witness This marvel For and . This of fear them gentlemen solemn hear me , walk'd distill'd eyes pie night watch their father to watch , me , we yet upon My , lifted it like at to answer speak to it ; address methought duty ; in strange very our in . me . troubles true . honour'd ? head , his ? frowningly face you not in . you upon , Pale or . pale eyes Most fix'd I would , have long it . might BARNARDO . longer haste Longer like While like Not beard as It I , life , his tonight noble hap no shall in your but . well . loves . ye tongue your it an you me If If I'll to Let And have visit you were embark'd the winds you . favour of that toy a trifling in nature primy , sweet his ? Do , it No more of of . in , Forward bulk and In The Hold A The The His For for The greatness Grows virtue He may not therefore wisdom of voice saying so and . head your in he give weigh'd is , his ; if far act Denmark goes particular what too Fear And heart ear , credent your which may . affection your of beauty you Ophelia his To your lose or Or Out or keep of it the The Virtue oft or and or , unmaster'd chaste or or . moon strokes of in are lies most liquid dew . are youth are , disclos'd the . are , are are are , brother way pastors good my heaven own of his here a my . grace double . father rede treads , aboard , your of , blessing Aboard There . in , shame . voice of , gaudy , thee reserve purse can the : being few but buy man not that . night own of lender husbandry . proclaims rank best generous the : nor edge true day tend , false as thine to : all , blessing my I must follow be my you ; humbly The Most is't yourself Farewell he the bethought Lord lock'd . late . me tell I 'tis as caution most you been to hath way As that of Have between made you . like many me Give me clearly must on girl . a circumstance call , lord you sterling Which Marry not you believe Do He ! Affection , have ta'en his Or Running crack Tender tenders think these to countenance lord go to , my . go . baby yourself ; to , fashion hath With almost hath importun'd me a more yourself speech vows catch vows how woodcocks his it call the , may fashion all to more their something much command Set not must You in Giving Even promise , for scanter take at . a Lord is he may he higher From presence rate they are brokers , bawds for . beguile plain in . forth : all this come ; or charge . Hamlet ways , obey talk is , cold air . it I eager ; The What hour . near walk the season wont mean held not the What The Keeps The And King does this tonight the his drum triumph Is born mind the heavy in - drunkards indeed and of perform'd our though revel tax'd and , and and Makes So pith , his they of complexion not are of these , men forts some choose in particular mole , vicious it marrow chances oft nature their down , some Since in plausive Nature's particular . man fault general substance own his all or As infinite else Being Carrying Or breaking by or I livery or as they or noble To lord , or or the the as or scandal damn'd , charitable goblin us comes grace or , steel disposition the in again ! again we burst Why canoniz'd thee royal not father their his , hideous the reaches with of our glimpses quietly why hearsed in sepulchre death the What the thus night So thoughts is It waves But As With , why this ? To Look It beckons if do not by No speak ; will means my then lord it at life be I it . can immortal as to ? fee ? do itself follow , lord of summit his beetles And That Go makes My Be ; you your go shall off not . artery . ghost with desperate not waxes . after Something rotten in the is To Have Whither wilt thou almost myself sulph'rous render To When My Speak to revenge , shall bound father's , serious hear night . on part stand to porpentine hair to locks fretful like stars combined start blazon must List thy . the upon quills each thy Would harrow thy secrets foul day and purg'd away of foul and is it . swift of unnatural as , thoughts apt ; thee . best and my to And thou given shouldst thou in I that meditation As rots Is Rankly A Wouldst serpent That his crown . death my noble youth life — most , it whose hand her of his and falling love in gifts mine a wretch it gifts made Upon From gifts That The Hamlet , gifts in But to a on gifts prey though , lust ! me gifts Upon my cursed And So The in curd , a vigour like a And Most Thus , sleeping , blossoms queen of , smooth with and most instant enmity of doth into it courses through did posset ; mine , about bark'd vile , in of most my . bear it head horrible in thee ! on disappointed made my nature the not Let thou horrible all couch luxury pursu'st mother thy A Taint Against those . aught thy in thee matin the ; thorns nor thou that shows to , And and to And not and bosom . be horrible ; not act this contrive lodge once ; instant Hold earth ! not grow , stiffly , sinews heaven ! adieu be near else my thee memory while fire ? thee , me Remember ! a ? heaven , of there brain with Unmix'd , In , this globe up me from . Remember , all away , of saws All wipe the youth And most villain , pernicious . my Yes , it Meet sure you adieu may and and all . trivial , book smile may least . So . Within My . Lord Hamlet remember are am , uncle . It Within Hillo . ho is't Nor Not , No my my I There But he's my To without more ; circumstance . right all and part Denmark grave : own and for , poor part , the ; lord us are i' , whirling and you wild are but These And so fit we shake hands my shall Horatio , lord my , to may one . and have , tell vision , tonight , soldiers not you me . now We ? my MARCELLUS . indeed . Swear , my have , sayst you Consent fellow so to hear Propose , Ha , in my speak Then ubique . Swear my that seen . my but Swear my ground my , gentlemen . sword upon hands again old ! my , stranger more Canst Beneath pioner and A my . so is never , of my things as Once my and earth , give . so help welcome your philosophy bear myself you But it your , your , shall meet , you your and could 'There out , or of thus strange dreamt before odd perchance your How , as As Here your , To at That giving 'If Or That giving giving giving we rest so my , giving Swear spirit . So , love not giving a man poor . gentlemen me love lack Beneath . all With Rest That Nay wisely him You you this . keep , behaviour did I , me who , intend ; nearer , usual ; put of known ? slips so wild on rank , fencing may , put another to but open may they savageness That That's he : a taints , liberty his faults so mind ; do . I , you , here's fetch my know drift of , on a seen converse ever Having breathe him you , little sullies a Your 'Good sir And He At or 'closes say I something . to . ' and him saw Or or falling you the , in the day and ; o'ertook house now ; See : forth , as , gentleman leave say . you advice out lecture me have former I have with of and , directions and assays this find of we by So son By not well fare have . ply ply ply . ply . ply . ply have ply , what's now My To not horrors , look of by He his goes And with Then He last At As That . seem a did with And head over way without doors to o' his to done his very is This with . bended rais'd would — his For go As leads have given as our any I am desperate sorry , late ? did of you passion natures any under to you That No I meant As grief is . be The Hamlet's nor need death th'understanding brought and our your in days rest , pleasures by here youth up court you . time so his that the nor th'exterior hasty Our Of Resembles More I cannot of so little on humour with companies and may glean gather of so your to vouchsafe him much Whether , am so expend your and supply the Your Both shall a visitation show to profit time much of with men us more fits your majesties power receive pleasures sovereign ourselves Than Put by your to entreaty , freely commanded you . him our . presence where of , visit is some , Go our and , practices . good lord , my gracious King sure mine great them in hath he feast . to . out to Polack the , first , what from main marriage brother desires suppress with never in , and sends , Makes On Gives And , overcome those employ to against in out more , fee further to safety ; well down allowance . for might an such On Through Answer rest think upon well we'll is madam be night waste noble Your for be , matter but But to that with use I , swear go . cause A : 'tis him for grant , out find say us , effect this and — duty . Now vile my , the phrase phrase That's celestial this but Hamlet will , I ; awhile ? her are madam Doubt sun Came sun . Thine , sun more out All above hath ear sun solicitings machine , have I sun best , liar . love most sun show'd daughter whilst O these at ill And , I lady obedience dear by time hath , But What how place wing on might you that , book think - winking heart play'd the had dear Majesty , might And Or my a love a . think young is be you not my given look'd told it perceiv'd I I As my upon thus I went round sight idle dumb bespeak thy tokens of receive the , we thence — a then this weakness . wail you the sadness repulsed she Admit must 'Lord That Fell , watch a madness short into fast to my into , raves he a declension , now a it positively ? know ? find will . be otherwise ? walks centre though , this if , it . the loose an love reason he you a the be At such . reading leave ? Hamlet a board does him How Well good , my I . good good , me . good good . mercy - fishmonger Do good sir my if For be my were my lord would you good my a picked man lord my , lord dead . but . my being my he blessing Friend . sun have you my was a harping . him ? conceive , a dog in Have daughter that I again my Aside I youth Words mean the beards I plum Slanders , most believe you potently with yourself should be Though walk Into my yet of out be backward I their ; have plentiful eyes here they not old . am , go , that , will most madness Aside . you leave my daughter willingly on How , will . him and . take between delivered . often so is , replies ! sanity My You , lord could not are Indeed A out that happiness be my my of I from , These you My most . Good To God Lord Hamlet lord ! thou do ? both honoured My , dost excellent the ! lads Happy Rosencrantz As we are children On Nor the cap we Neither , my lord middle her of . she is a more hither strumpet . the in , What Fortune particular is , your sends ? deserved ? hands question honest . good my but that is near you news , is there To one 'tis too . bad myself your mind . and either prison and narrow have ; I not merely indeed infinite God , I , shadow that ambition is and shadow . the for of a that quality it is fay for ? attended Elsinore occasion but ; thanks , even thanks am me inclining in , of will I you am To in to matter visit you like I I your with What own , my , enough you for and what direct ? you me dear by you lord conjure our of me no an have Guildenstern even and by But , To teach you - by you What or with , of more of . If . of , of of , promontory ; why o'erhanging how of it of disposition all discovery I . mirth my forgone your have brave sterile heavily moult anticipation no with custom that congregation action , delights stuff I when such my say what in ; pestilent in : neither this , woman so to express like , in to me the , 'Man and have ; sere ; halt shall ; lover tribute to ? them on the way . to , shall part to shall , Lenten what Majesty to — they both . ways to , inhibition to the such the ? Are . such of the such in such Their by residence . such take profit it How such endeavour are such and of aerie berattle are the rapiers so most they the afraid tyrannically common little in the grow are they , goose maintains no are they like children ? children they better against are exclaim controversy do means tarre argument to for bid , not mouths would is very there . players out more while my lord Hercules of Denmark King picture his , my uncle it . yours than entertainment the ceremony . appear and dear lord I which like aunt hands Your I , gentlemen . the me , you . a Well see them out , and , north are you too wind handsaw at yet not be with to a his ear swaddling say it man . you the players 'twas When , come time the to tell comes , sir lord news lord , have I The either either Then - writ judge What either treasure The daughter either what treasure ? either either thou . hadst , more no well ? that God , my , by As the it was . more . wot , pious came It of thee and you piece speech straight e'en . Come Come Denmark French a , beard ladyship a , gold welcome heard speak thee once a me judgements to caviare the But , We'll lady not your the speech , was , set down with the much was remember the method that might as honest the top in handsome scenes no sallets as indite wholesome in to as and it or if , an I it for , whose play speech . such , loved author cunning the begin . very , no called more nor matters in matter Aeneas' 'Twas above not , not couched in the the to Pyrrhus his he so line , more , complexion trick'd smear'd , sons , a , daughters wrath gore , fire Pyrrhus and sword falls antique it match'd where rage Unequal , drives his too Striking to to Stoops Which So like as bold silence , And nothing his , a with head sword crash hideous to Pyrrhus to neutral a a reverend Of as often , death winds The Doth On out In Out A on As rend And the hush vengeance on With , less on armour never forg'd for ! her her on heaven , on sleeps on fiends hill . Priam Fortune , on on 'The come rheum diadem With barefoot stood . threat'ning upon and , A , th'alarm , with of tongue in would fear see treason and in mobled queen' ! Fortune's she saw gods When mincing if had About lank seen sword move of clamour her sport then . up limbs made . pronounc'd burning husband's In The Unless have And milch mortal made Would instant , he them the turn'd have you will . not I'll well death the you will much Use epitaph than their ill of , hear chronicles you this of their is , sirs in . and . them The in bounty honour and ? Murder could of Gonzago , play a hear my you mock in't insert him speech a need study for would or tomorrow We'll To Ay Very till Rosencrantz and b' lord I am of his aspect wan'd , suiting function player peasant own ; visage his to a that wi' ye slave I here , passion ! for all in , his her to for him his he Had The With forms to weep , and - not ear king coward a I made and was ear villain me A ear A very And I mad Confound And Tweaks ear ear Ha Plucks Who ! But ear Like John dull - off as As me by am , make slave's ass should oppression bitter pigeon this am an Why That Must to a like heart with drab very and father This dear a kindless , vengeance , what like And Been proclaim'd They murder Prompted I Remorseless With , the Oh son my About , my creatures struck , Have That fall know tent For I of a T'assume As he devil to uncle like organ . quick murder the of scene will ; have my , presently . of the observe he hath blench speak his but these players , seen looks thing grounds the King . confusion the to very damn than can from But When we what does Nor with find we But true a him would of much But with you Most of state ? you out any , him , joy told of we court . entreat true him to To all my With purpose on , gentlemen heart hear so and see your Majesties him For Gertrude my lord these . to ; drive his , sent is be gather by that , Ophelia encounter him That for no behav'd unseen frankly . for good I your And And Will so father bestow , espials , Ophelia shall wonted it , may here — show 'Tis We To honours way hope the again . Ophelia oft that we devil speech ! you devotion's , please this , that with doth the my burden withdraw , the suffer to fortune we natural : sleep a of To by a , be is and ; end them to thousand 'tis die ay ? to and sea of — die heart That To Must makes us pause calamity , wrong that in The The of ? himself would Who these after , contumely man's There's . bear might dispriz'd patient That oppressor's The a and might The makes make the with might sicklied And might And of regard Ophelia this enterprises might name might The lose of ! thus does humbly ; Good my all And With I I pray No longed I to long That My you , gave not I , have I My Are honest and if your than with honesty ? you That be beauty truly Indeed lord my did sometime than power , lord Could is a proof bawd the into it . not but was breeder of things . from honesty now sooner of , but you once not you loved inoculate sinners . deceived old our so of am or Go to of father us crawling them I none lord Farewell fool but the do , upon him own , give , O Let arrant them in them are We At nunnery . plague for thy you needs . them calumny Be . marry you you you and you you your wantonness you your . nunnery you me you , and are are amble given but make hath , well , farewell enough I , a say , of state , as that Those You , noble scholar's of the eye already hath , o'erthrown mind ! mind mind ecstasy mind unmatch'd That Now That I of observers mould fair is here mind , rose The mind see that jangled and , the and out of music , which doubt madness , sweet Was Nor And Will what T'have what I his melancholy for , soul little tend form a : expel his in countries variable the demand seas This his Haply it I our shall determination hatch and with neglected shall grief Ophelia , said , now what love not . neglected it To Let heard It of himself puts you do Lord after round , If all fit us from You need origin . lord you , mother But all their . To . show England conference so let . him , think shall shall . pronounced unwatch'd or grief his you in not confine . best It in the tongue your But , you it I that , a part to rags , crier thus all may give - the nothing of periwig smoothness pated ears all Herod capable split fellow warrant honour you all but of for inexplicable o'erdoing , in saw all many gently of tear your this special . all anything tutor all , both , discretion , and at nature and . the to very or I that this modesty of as playing hold scorn form his and the , nor had men that there and strutted humanity and highly accent , image , mirror one Christians made so of and must it age but cannot in players , not have I with us so . of journeymen imitated indifferently , altogether it reform O pagan some set is be to , considered the in in the How King . necessary some quantity question of you and Go make . lord ? that haste and make help and will my to hasten GUILDENSTERN What Horatio As thou your lord , ho e'er sweet , Here what do not my , I think I ; spirits flatter'd ? all for suffering , man equal with blood and soul dear could my seal'd in thrift ta'en Hast Whose To sound That , That is heart's In , I , Even I One There do ay , in comes , it core not my , when uncle itself a And stithy my 'scape he , whilst will idle , the coming Well this lord the , Get A Danish to are Guildenstern King place ? dish you the Polonius , you Hamlet capons : must I . play others a Queen , Enter cousin I not . i' ? My . say , with faith i' promise - these words , air the mine play'd the enact you i' calf killed your patience . me attractive kill'd Be . by here's brute part players ready my hither mother do , my lord in shall Lady No , King , To , Ay my , your , maids' . matters country nothing lie my . Ay Nay ? only how , two man's lady there's on with a he the , O your maker died father my , his twice two months suit Then a ? lord churches - Queen him seeing crown . She , some , with Queen her gifts Poisoner and a and kneels Enter She his his a takes , makes very , upon lovingly neck Anon him . upon takes bank him and and a and , it , unwilling Poisoner , in a makes ears , again King's away awhile or argument means play ; lord ; show what tell means What imports tell us fellow the mallecho the . players keep cannot meant counsel to , naught ? ashamed the mark stooping We For , to naught show beg and shame you'll naught naught . posy lord naught . orbed Tellus' dozen naught world have thirty thirties borrow'd naught , ground cart wash times the And thirty As brief , love Unite Since About many again us o'er you and far cheer women's you me So That fears love Where For In , proof , leave live grow I Where Faith operant belov'd powers Such love , needs be me let who in confound , must husband , great is , O . first treason haply and shalt thou , as fair this , husband . instances of husband what you we . love move , in husband . second Aside I , but of , the forget mellow ourselves the , passion revels enactures ourselves pay But , Purpose This Their , passion to either , joy should , most destroy purpose joy or grief doth on aye for not violence What To And The Whether That our joy The ending most loves question down poor who And on makes his do fates their thou die But think Our give and to me no ends are to and That thy when food first lord hope , joy , strife it lasting have blanks in my from wilt still so contrary run our own . face , ever she If 'Tis Sweet I well would Both Meet To Have heard the but lady O argument in ? too play methinks , she'll her keep ? Tropically knavish Gonzago the Duke's work touches are King the , jade Lucianus withers souls 'tis . how is is play This it , unwrung to nephew , chorus good and you your dallying my lord , murderer raven weeds thrice property . time seeing dire magic wholesome for's very choice estate , The story how of Gonzago's Italian . the King lord ? anon . shall Gonzago wife You . see ? How me . All lights . Give shoes , fortunes Turk with Half me . razed of rest , dear players feathers in a while realm dost whole share . was pajock . for ghost's might A For I'll Horatio O good Ah , lord The , vouchsafe , Come , then his Ay Is , in No to put put into from . signify this perhaps him . choler with so to start pronounce me sent breed do your not the right hath be shall and . such But , and the answer and pardon is . and end of and mother's and and my , and there ere this stonish heels obey We shall desires speak your : she no Therefore wonderful She more , says . a mother's mother her . Have . me pickers distemper voice something King unmannerly too me proverb musty is cannot I beseech . I , my cannot this play . with it the ventages most will your and the finger discourse stops pluck think instrument what cannot sir much me , me make on you My lord , cloud almost speak a like would in a though , you , shape that's and with camel weasel to the top and by so will I is Leave and I and will said mother . fool whale like say . to — me hot breathes night . I Soft not of daggers Let soul lose on Nero do now When By My The heart quake I How To in my be me to them thy now bosom unnatural soul she somever in words . ever mother my to let this stands shall estate doth us near so I will . That Most We Hazard of lunacies grow safe is upon feed those single and holy peculiar life bound mind much rest massy lesser , things wheel , alone falls is and armour itself keep To fetters Each Are Which we the Arm ROSENCRANTZ us speedy voyage , consequence ; a should you going . warrant free and GUILDENSTERN . bed my mother it well than wisely , you know to ; heaven — o'erhear . to I strong my I blood , sweet snow in with if both there thicker But wash it not pause . enough ? serves offence ? look form What murder prayer ! What of me still my What did am which pardon'd What Forgive O Then we ere ? What rain Were Is What the this confront prayer but visage come queen . possess'd murder my world lies ; death repent What can of , seen shuffling evidence teeth can , Help of the new well with - I villain be sole be O took be father broad blown be circumstance stands my be do this of flush as , and , father be , He all how his . And And so this in crimes our I And But 'Tis trip has , swearing of salvation , black , heaven mother kick his his horrid , act My and heaven up thoughts This , soul prolongs goes my it may his . my remain go my to bear with , my and home , my my my , I'll Withdraw Within . Mother Go You are , No And , What's Have your your you rood by your Come come and the your I'll sit may Thou help Help do not , would your , Nay your Dead O . Behind now , thou ? ho ! ho ducat a what it thou hast . bloody , mother with a king word my intruding fool danger Take some . fortune down , busy penetrable against sense for of heart hands your of thee for , kill If it not bulwark it that I done noise blurs grace Such so In the , takes so shall you , modesty , vows plucks Makes off the a rose makes this , index ? brothers brow himself command herald threaten the and did . husband wholesome brother like to seem a form his seal , humble ? what now a . Have leave it in the day - apoplex'd , or sickly part at quantity ne'er ? ecstacy a cozen'd feeling canst O a you . mope Or you you you you you there When And To melt Thou And A lord is of , rule kings tithe ; Hamlet enter more ; bed and gracious your o'er What . mad me and pocket more king would Alas Save A more in his from a shreds more more , guards you laps'd important time wings more your in You more That O almost on her weakest , say fighting blunted visitation command say not amazement bodies say is't with , you on say eye air bend your do , you say And say O look but step say , between with Start bedded His How is it lady ? discourse in life like end . eyes do Forth , and hairs heat stand , incorporal your as sleeping at Would make My stern colour . this true you all at Nothing , he even at now his goes out ecstasy cunning father is the This Look Repent do spread the past . pulse utter'd Mother not not avoid compost this pardon must these my beg times virtue weeds , him twain hast cleft away come ; of do to leave vice of to me what , ranker in , Virtue and with the in , not doth and fair of easiness , him of nature out eat this good , tonight more livery or frock . a Refrain kind next easy more this to For , be , the stamp change pleas'd night : do ? I call , tempt bad worse scourge , this him him bestow I must will must What , I you his matter madness fingers , do : again cheek King a means for by on your , of this , him , sober , let you bat top creep of to ? breath made no to said be you have I , your break try birds if assur'd Be And What to England There's Whom I letters the bear will marshal with And They as will two so go sweet knave prating , secret foolish toward life most an mother room , counsellor , most . packing set line into Where is we son your 'tis matter , to sir Who Good place , my good Bestow Ah arras cries In the something . the ? How both lawless stir , rat his when , while little , Mad Whips Which as is the in O his And out unseen brainish apprehension . there been threats of 'A , Behind deed be short It Alas To have We mad Should would But young , liberty been His so , to we had all . he is . from We countenance all him Gertrude madness metals what hath Where kill'd some base body mineral he the . aid , this in bring wisest , Gertrude Come the his in mother's madness closet hath he , fair pray up what diameter away the the dismay and , our his world's the o'er poison'd the discord . Hamlet and the of hit soul the Safely stowed ! on Within you lord the the with body dead , dust kin the . thence it . chapel , may the 'tis whereto take . to not Do not bear I , Ay sir ; the : an soaks up King's , the mine a sponge it his you , you and when ape officers last squeezing swallowed corner , lord corner corner , authorities like such corner what shall jaw have be ; corner lord a ear . go corner and sleeps . with us body , and fox and the after lord ! the . The . and is scourge judgement the not 'tis the never And Who He's desperate away , him ; multitude but must , at appliance . sudden not lov'd , so in it that put of must where . sending ? the is , Guildenstern Without But to your certain he but , worms he At ? my At at else your alas ! the , service end fat . Not fat king fish . with show to . man . but . to see yourself , some To will He month this within him heaven seek Send place shall as But If there not not you up . the him especial tender quickness , England is bent at ? Hamlet Good knew'st , come mother father , man and mother wife Come , for ; man and Hamlet my and him have . foot it And England For thou The Pays homage us , thou Do , which conjuring letters death the hectic in . cure must And my Captain Tell Craves the kingdom Majesty in his aught let his shall And will . with Danish , promis'd march Fortinbras king , softly these lord so know my , do't How , pray , Go ? whose are I . them . no of Poland , name of addition , them Fortinbras Who to them To ducats should , Norway them but I five it will Polack to profit little with sir them to for them to go Truly Nor speak gain hath We pay in a would be thousand straw ducats will already of th'imposthume Will thousand debate and of and cause , this wealth question I b' with How lord Go . discourse not time market That reason craven precisely and and oblivion capability unus'd or hath quarter'd Of thought ever with And And sleep that with but Be with his spur Looking Bestial fust in with us after , godlike Now some and whether with do , me , part one do to , with , unsure , with eggshell what at , Exposing fortune stir find stake mortal , puff'd , ambition event dare great , charge danger , I , enough tomb graves O ? fantasy and and , or time nothing from imminent The a father quarrel then thousand blood How , reason while my the at honour's That And , not be not will , with this . importunate will have be indeed says distract she speech . use and doth is doubt at move thoughts in , speak her hears heart things hems sense speaks , her ; Her of unshaped world th' enviously Yet hearers the her Indeed were ill - might breeding conjectures make winks nothing she good She i' carry the to would Though sure fit it , nothing , minds . amiss nature she in true Dangerous So should , now I your one , what pray Nay . mark lady , stone At , his , all to true say not the ! but , dild do the with Which father . your To up rose maid morning Valentine's your donn'd at Valentine his a . more be And , la Let dupp'd make Charity on't to will Cock Young By men Quoth she , they do't , thou she come , me are if promis'd done not must long . th' thus by you they my been patient cold your for you lay be ladies ; good sweet ? choose shall coach I My , pray I night it ; cannot brother my Come . counsel slain but Ophelia pictures as we from which In wonder , of keeps containing secret speeches his wants brother on And With Will ear In Wherein necessity O murdering ear nothing and Like pestilent stick my this what noise them the door lord , the ? overpeering more . list a riotous his , my of , and we tongues props shall and be king clouds ' Laertes trail on the the Save not with , 'Choose , O the they all . cry . stand . without bastard chaste the ; blood me door O harlot . person king , our ? brow , like would , Laertes it a , Gertrude blackest ! father , Dead is ? Let But the what throughly , dead allegiance grace To came How I both Who ? And shall far I'll shall I only give the , Vows and Conscience That My my go Good desire That your Of If you will dear know them draw Laertes husband you Will his , To Repast friends his I am most good a day as guiltless level her come your father's it in What ! Let noise eye your to sense . Tears by be virtue is ? of paid O beam madness sister young , and brains . eye , times . sweet seven that the , dry up my thy , as After , Fare you non thing precious love the , him , hey the , and some it on didst move , call you the is It , a 'Down thou his grave rain'd many my , nonny — revenge . thoughts . remembrance love , for And false , grace died must you I would They . you give fitted . remember There's . and to a of columbines thoughts and and ; say for you o' daisy my end he is again , death as was was flaxen . gone He not , come - poll . his soul . pray I And Christian Do And His his on , souls is Make And of you To If touch'd life , to you we And jointly labour your but patience if we and collateral all our that . your to call due ; not us soul earth his , say them Let are that where And th'offence you they speak in what from you Sailors should do if bless not be I , sir Let God from and't th'ambassador comes shall bound am I . slow alone have the wouldst . did have I They I have dealt have bring they fly ; letters dumb good their : for course hold thou where words . clear repair light chase valour like to in me them ship , speak Come do't To And , conscience that knowest of the matter . Guildenstern tell much will the your my , in your put heard my give speedier , for you brought and your whom you from by your So As Now must you you . so , sphere , stone , go wood turneth their his all great but not gyves timber'd reverted to to could so conjunctive star or by to count general I the I That his looks ; and for plague by that graces for to loud a wind , bear , again lost , go of . if praises revenge mount But my and we let your perfections challenger driven , are our You into beard pastime lov'd think That And not can into I , it sleeps into flat . must into , more — into . will with shall into hear ourself to imagine , to ? news , made your What you shook danger . them shall that Claudio them saw He ; I brought ! Majesty ; this them . they him given Of me on thing ? I When . eyes of occasions ' ! back . ' ? no such ? ' my heart teeth — me ? by my , o'errule not rul'd , so me to peace work him , return'd means . shall wind not ripe now death which exploit own you lord he shall will it his his you be in will that , peace thine checking the But I might , And That of , your travel Your . hearing envy , pluck and say that did even And the devise , sum that unworthiest not together , Did can and sables and that less of , his his - it no the careless riband settled Had And witchcraft myself , topp'd and and grew but since thought natur'd demi what was't ? He the , of . all . A . nation brooch gem made you confession The I And him is a your in exercise of especially sight defence masterly you such a gave match had He If he you of out sudden That If he Now of Your Laertes ask without painting heart of ? you — my lord ? of this your this ? a of like you are of Or Not face A a , proof of it , changes , undertake in More in father's what : your than To cut yourself back th' i' words should ? son you church o' as for ; and are we hands delays are spendthrift the ; Laertes But . deed his murder sanctuarize , remiss fame excellence the contriving ease , rare thing from virtue . mountebank knife cataplasm no an I the is mortal that bought for that draws but May fit Weigh us Let's be further convenience think that blood from it , scratch'd contagion be moon Collected It that if I I'll be touch slightly gall . of Therefore Soft wager in back or be proof solemn blast what be And be Our How fast So . purples long coronet fingers men's her weeds them , heel drown'd , Laertes , an , broke and . like There But an - the mermaid And an garments wretch muddy she , Pull'd an in time As Which an their not could . up her of they an awhile bore , tunes indued , a incapable she her then drink be , gone lord would fain it holds , are blaze ; give , to will follow this fire it what woman will of douts . Adieu , that will . out much had do to calm ! wilfully she her in grave herself defence . straight here . point three she ? hath , act else . stands good argal to : For own an ; life water that , Argal and water drown is't not not , himself the go Here water you Ay ? have truth mark Will , he a arms bore they drown should ha' Why ? art thee to , Adam says question Scripture What digg'd heathen , Why . What he is Go The builds maker to for carpenter ? shipwright to how may . thousand , to that gallows gallows . the ; gallows , that good that the well , come , now To't . I me thee a or unyoke tell your , can , that tell I last till asked it when this doomsday question for cannot Cudgel when it time was was very love , contract . beating more ; and houses grave a no methought Methought youth he Yaughan The O , did sweet nothing , meet for behove . of in - his making steps sings he at , which knave first the lord a Cain's had me could God his in never How ass not now land once . such that tongue offices which horse when . to Worm's cost one sweet ? it , It of my a one's ? ' , my : Did these pit of a pickaxe and a my a . a think an , my knocked about we my skull his cases . another my There's quiddits A For suffer Why , his quillets rude be this not shovel in's his of to guest a such For , his full fines fine , time pate box more this of indentures must the ? the vouchers , his his his vouchers the of , Will double his , of and ? fines ha buyer of and dirt ones very himself his recovery conveyances than too skins calf of parchment calves which of jot lord not a skins too that . I in , this ? will . made be sir be do sir in't therefore in't say quick man What sir be out on't thine it indeed , for thou dig then to the ; none . woman no 't will therefore again ? lie quick a 'Tis to is woman , Lord the By absolute that . the heel , age but of knave One but a neither , We courtier but is the o'ercame is but our but . but that he into is that ? galls picked so been Hamlet tell his he no recover matter there wits was the since there if into mad ? are the England as as . shall he strangely mad they Why ? his . in How here Denmark will the be not year or he , if eight that . A tanner , will another trade sore he rotten lie he rot ? have . of . skull this it was three while . sir a A whoreson mad water , great once . Takes skull infinite back . Alas rises gorge how I know roar kiss'd it me Let me borne see My not is your to , get your to me Dost me me think What's me so . imagination trace me bung it ! this o' so ! me not stopping consider with enough a may lord Horatio to hole , my find Why so modesty follow . we not , King c follow they Trains . world wind to ? Alexander died might earth clay away flaw comes Here is This betoken hand estate doth their , winter's the awe ? mark . youth Mark . as else very What ceremony , should And we here , Of bell , be rites , burial maiden Her there Must We As May violets And A When thou , hop'd bride thou I thought bed to been Sweets grave on woe Farewell ? Ophelia Hamlet's . sweet ; maid , deck'd . made , dead mine the off while and have you blue Of flat once Hold her treble wicked of have I Fall ten dust Whose thee . or whose upon old an wounded Hamlet and Dane Grappling wand'ring hearers . wonder the stars emphasis Bears such is ? whose phrase is he ? take from dangerous asunder in I have Yet I him thy Hamlet hand thy splenative rash well fingers The me ! them All Gentlemen Until what upon , this wag . theme brothers of for . thyself tear eat to a come leaping in her ? whine crocodile fast thou'lt woul't ? throw , here ? what woul't me her with eisel ; him thou an so , me outface if like pate us the golden is rant Ossa mere When that the you will mere cat What , as silence mere mere And thus Anon mere The pray thee I We'll An patience our shortly in of set the Till hour see the ; your push speech . watch some to matter be my the circumstance let Now all Remember , would than Our deep There's our plots do sometime it us . there let in them shapes how most That sea I Finger'd Grop'd about , and again we and - from me , reasons withdrew desire my fine dark , unseal exact sorts and my knavery on such Denmark's commission is Up to their room my in , of command found making had , scarf'd find own ! where forgetting packet them bold , so to an too England's of off , life axe the it you with to sat me , leisure , down , now know much . Wilt good from It Ay effect forget that learning fair as , commission to , me once I A Devis'd did it did yeoman's of England As An As stand faithful amities palm the like her 'tween 'as'es further bearers debatement the on And love As peace between such Without should He Why even How heaven purse Danish of to . already and , known . and . comes . Rosencrantz did near they their Does , kill'd thinks't angle — of evil short man's a But I And For To shortly of no life's be What will That It The I Your thank gracious a for good 'tis beast possession be dirt I say , I . as beasts , him , He and thing impart your Put hot the , very very very sultry cold , 'twere — laid here is most — he . cannot that the to me , on differences in of find him , definement the no a , divide feelingly him of , to him rareness and , mirror is such extolment yaw , in take and I neither his , Your The Is't not possible His in really ? gentleman ? sir ? would it . ignorant approve sir know you sir not , yet of Well . sir did are spent ; by him is in , ignorant you ? Laertes , if me should — were know to for to compare unfellowed his ; weapon in his confess their , carriages you , six so responsive liberal very and and very of , the margin poniards the and carriages . the hilts done most cannon Danish . and it would lordship laid dozen passes hath horses would . phrase sides carriages are if we carry could assigns the against no answer opposition the with here . If will the odd . the if him for win brought , his please your hits be foils shame my . lord time the of I if How my King , effect Yours , duty after sir it well to commend your . re ; to shell age most bubbles a , has , he of the fanned and — head only are and away with Thus . on the of them before he know I dug and that bevy which ; and tune the same out to the in him Laertes him follow . are . I his . pleasure provided down the you hall , with hold I speaks The King to am as now gentle all coming lord , France odds went wager thou I . is lord matter - continual ill in how gain no as would fall it providence readiness The come yet hither Nay heart : my . a such it obey you come to leaves take is't be to . from hand this a must sore with have honour and . done and . are me . heard gentleman you wrong ; needs , madness was Hamlet . himself be . himself What , Hamlet your I Laertes ? Never himself Laertes away himself the o'er Hamlet be ta'en wrong himself himself like not your ungor'd do name offer'd . known But , on . peace honour reconcilement me most play brother's the will I embrace I Give be shall your Stick skill I'll , a like them foils , my Very the Your But I This do well is too is better'd have lord heavy me likes . Let we seen the lord o' have weaker have see me length , throw earth , hit , to Come you King cannons the drinks judges , ' a . bear , on Come One Judgement hit to . this . is . A , him it ? awhile health hit set . brows thy take and win do , a , thy my shall . do , pray napkin Gertrude Queen The madam fortune and is me . too it ; wipe madam yet , me I'll do pass with a yet third you you . not almost . you scuffling in , wounds Laertes them then ; Nay ; come they Queen Look Why justly am as I a woodcock kill'd to Laertes , ho , it bleed own mine sides both is't Queen ? dear . Let drink the the ! swoons drink The , it Seek ! drink them , No no I can treacherous Hamlet Hamlet world The Lo Thy me again The rise more Then The , and treason incestuous defend , I thy murderous friends , potion . my . It Exchange and Here , thou this justly . Queen Wretched chance this act this to , death adieu , I you , thee cause Horatio unsatisfied this follow , Horatio mutes as , I am it than . report Roman man liquor antique Never believe aright , a . gives England To Absent this tell world unknown , th'art Let ever my the This warlike ambassadors with I die quite do to o'er , volley is And in Fortinbras noise hear , prophesy the noble , him flights of heart . occurrents my dying more rest is . less . spirit England voice lights th'election silence , O . you thine princes What cries on this come sing Why see search proud your , death cell eternal at struck dismal is dead . England ? fulfill'd hearing should that sight our And tell is England commandment have his of gave , it Had But the arriv'd these How me th'ability stage judgements , this by upshot deliver heads . All purposes , Truly to hear cunning and , inventors' haste of rights with noblest in my the invite . I sorrow call the For I claim the And Bear plots are wild minds On Let and his But Even from men's be my memory doth this me , more , of . much as him a Such . soldiers . amiss his put the this of one not ! owns be off bid the editions renamed previous protected , copyright the United . previous ordnance previous S of PROJECT is an paying a do , previous for very is license as purpose trademark you nearly any research previous the for reports previous ANYTHING may of copies not may concept the of the . eBooks . license in copyright derivative practically . especially Project the U , with performances eBook may this subject to may of online phrase free . of redistribution this read understand property . Gutenberg , works org with gutenberg . Use you license not cease using in . bound person the to works Gutenberg , you for fee terms the accept . terms the trademark . electronic and copyright agreement agreement . paid . terms Gutenberg If possession by paragraph on of this paid can . and Gutenberg agreement electronic by associated in any this this you of terms . Nearly public United States Of the , based the to agreement mission sharing this . You work keeping can License the govern countries also are States when located most , terms the are you where you others terms with with your Project creating change the agreement full charge without attached place with . performing , any in of in no work links License appears accessed , in , Project Gutenberg active States in , Gutenberg : or in work or in this in any Project whenever access which This not of of the United Gutenberg , world at give License it of the of parts in the E Project copy for other . You is the no cost this this electronic copyright posted S before you , U by an If States you . gutenberg it to can will located Project and with distributed with or the without use in If set the Project both imposed the . linked to Do from any unlink beginning work Do E . prominently work displaying copy other work the or , or any part set access Gutenberg to up or copies processing to E . links compressed any . or distribute . full in of to License and marked than provide , full user , you , Any as for its official in a copy , in you form official nonproprietary , convert official official hypertext the specified any . or in fee official paragraph distributing a means . official , must include the a or . E from derive work viewing for Project reasonable Project : Gutenberg with comply access royalty or charge each to clearly Literary Literary to of fee calculated electronic profits the prepare you sent address the . to periodic your Archive should refund Archive mail of receipt user full a all and of all the must agree full a not You access other require or to copy F terms - such and money days paid the return or destroy medium that s the defect days of a distribute manager of set a Project terms the obtain different works the reported . Foundation and research considerable as Foundation for . fee the expend employees , they medium the collection protected not effort F . set the Gutenberg identify Project forth Gutenberg the do corrupt cannot described , which , a be creating transcribe law on but transcription , S U medium , by read virus computer a intellectual LIMITED , be your . WARRANTY Archive infringement data or contain . of other Replacement . F . Gutenberg for and distributing a Project including disclaim expenses it for by If REFUND OR you The elect a electronically you second If you copy that the you person person money the electronic of refund work to OF medium provide the choose may defective opportunities limited , further the work of the demand can sending the . a in person medium provided . refund refund problem or certain of limitation the maximum forth of to to replacement a refund - in agreement , agreement implied the this The disclaimer anyone , in works volunteers electronic of of any , Gutenberg , Foundation the indirectly hold with Project or : alteration liability directly cause arise costs c variety computers . donations of new . volunteers with the Gutenberg's reaching Project will Project to critical are from of the computers The Gutenberg Information information how and . Project Revenue Service is . corporation educational - of . business office contact at state's full Project or tax EIN contact , are The located gutenberg the Project Gutenberg org at Watchung extent federal non of laws Foundation's contact can the Many of widest donations that mission without widespread small exempt works by locations compliance meet to . any of solicit many requirements charitable committed to in confirmation the www or have the do solicitation unsolicited met not visit and determine status cannot concerning tax . States Please United International check methods ways , outside . visit , the Section Gutenberg donate including . General Michael concept Professor Project Gutenberg , Project freely U . all Gutenberg which a in our : facility includes . which gutenberg has org Project , main the new about website edition particular not notice are start www at donations newsletter to our hear