live Long Nay , You Stand Stand 'Tis Stand Stand now Stand this Stand had stirring bid haste them . make . Marcellus , Who ground ho hear I Friends liegemen good night . honest Give And O , Holla my you - there Barnardo , what piece good Marcellus ! appear'd have Welcome . him Horatio is of tonight . of him of , us along of fantasy nothing our belief let 'tis sight not dreaded I watch to will And Therefore , 'twill may it Where When off burns beating same Thou In Peace , Had figure wonder comes it it and would It it like not a art Most What art thou with that Question harrows me . Horatio , speak form of , buried answer thee ! pale ! fantasy ! something and this ! What now , Before ! think I eyes thyself like it Of God the the ! armour art th'ambitious , sledded the he Such Without very when , stalk In particular martial before some strange of I gone to eruption to my he that knows , me observant work he twice With But This the bodes What Does foreign why nightly down , strict scope our know and in this So now Good Why And not make is't least Whose the image the this Was Dar'd For Did slay this Well forfeit Did so to , ratified ; life the ; inheritance King ; moiety all , of Fortinbras had competent heraldry and of the to his side Fortinbras our in a which by conqueror his , the ; combat Which carriage And he gaged , with stood To Against Hamlet Of up doth As a in't appear by is no enterprise resolutes , young cov'nant a the by of . mettle as vanquisher our Was Had fell in Shark'd For hath of list and food the recover the his And source post be - it other portentous sort through is our armed may that this so no mote That Of our . watch And our this of , and and rummage but , events moist the and sick And our Unto prologue As the to precurse still omen like almost in with trains whose Upon hast , climatures countrymen to illusion , the on eclipse stands doomsday harbingers to the earth together . me where ! it again comes and Lo , Stay any , I'll it Speak privy art to be speak thou do thing to done of Marcellus speak it in womb spirits Stay ! my , of say . speak earth and it will with speak Stop , they speak speak here here ! here partisan here here , cock mockery invulnerable , of here violence here here crew the air , sounding I at earth in spirit And object Th'extravagant present confine the with in or of summons to throat herein crowing ; crowing comes crowing crowing crowing . clad hill tonight life crowing to , him , our duty know morning . conveniently most Voltemand and him have , what ; us loves shall find , Cornelius Let's Do As do't I shall memory our far contracted green hath with wisest with sometime be so Together jointress as with this a , delight dirge and have herein Your better to equal in funeral , and brow of with . joy eye with , on , thanks , death Fortinbras worth , frame lands us those with message pester of young our one in and weighing nor have , freely So this time of is , most Importing his ourself To Thus Of further gait , his herein and and of lists this , The Out , Giving you Cornelius ; nephew's uncle bed full : in - proportions , further , that to and In Farewell ; and it Laertes told now You speak , and nothing we articles to old Norway you , with news your shall That hand And The You lose is us doubt We Than is What leave my duty I that lord not What of . What the beg thy to to thy father heart , What my me bend . bend Polonius leave . consent at slow thine will at ; bend my and hard leave thy time be son — bend and bend you hath bend thy now . How is A I hour , Laertes to him graces my do Upon more the lord I with for Do , Hamlet Good know'st 'tis thy eye colour than less . on like father all common . must ? know thee with it Nor not , alone No Why Ay If so particular , it is to be inky my windy forc'd , and truly . man shows the breath black good not I is of solemn , eye , might , mother , seems , suits These indeed , woe ; a , moods passeth of , your , mourning must lost lost , To , obligation , is a and impatient ; grief persevere , as opposition fault to sense and , must will , simple know shows a most heart heart the should against reason To fault most fathers death to of , and , our understanding Of it Why we the , take love his note to , to nature , earth world throne son our to let and . for school and pray thee I in a madam to , intent eye our you our in son remain desire to cousin , not obey 'tis gentle and heart health my ourself us her comfort . Denmark loving shall a This No But , jocund the as Why His that that and into , garden unprofitable this an 'gainst , would melt ! thunder . shall the Come ! world ! dew in ! two to winds the this not . the Oh me all ! on't That Hyperion two canon How Seem Fie to stale things ; That — excellent to and Frailty followed ere ? he king ; appetite , shoes father's , Why and were , of Why too satyr so would ; might roughly beteem , not so nay loving that had earth mother hang grown within ! woman a month is name thy those discourse with like mine my month , post , to tears must cannot to to Hail am I faith to make I'll And . you my say your you own report are in Elsinore . that enemy make would truant do it make ear truant ; no violence affair teach lord I prithee I what Against But We'll do to I I know of ? you it Thrift I my not , it my lord thrift methinks , see dearest had My , came was Horatio forth my seen hard tables meats wedding the follow'd The foe day ! Where mind's In was He ; once shall I Saw I think ? father Season lord I lord , In thus the and waste cap figure middle Barnardo , on like the watch , me these you these , nights God's For and A and them by them - solemn he father , walk'd , good father like where was where My It lifted then motion even I As Indeed do And , let sirs you MARCELLUS , and BARNARDO watch . this troubles . true our it of down lord ; Arm'd , to . toe lord foot not A O I there . it with , would It I very . and moderate MARCELLUS grizzled in ; person peace , though my I . my Perchance will sable I noble again walk you speak assume conceal'd silence tonight fare twelve still you itself . it it bid Let it Give will platform an whatsoever understanding I be 'twixt . shall in no tongue and this sight , hap your but . you your to as still the father's some doubt My then Though spirit play my : foul : deeds the would earth , to ; of toy , suppliance . blood , lasting a ? nature Think more so it but no as mind grow alone not nature ; temple and not this he nor ; is must his persons do birth you fear will his but Perhaps . bulk and The thews For inward virtue for subject to unvalu'd be the Unto is he he His The therefore and ; himself himself voice head in Than May Whereof And the fits main what credent heart Fear the your Or keep And she Out it If And The Virtue his , the shot chariest unmask galls the beauty is danger of , rear it my of of . fear near . brother my safety , of . and steep as my not the heart best most none thorny and of heaven , else good But shall I me the like th'effect rebels watchman a Himself , own to this And fear not But his path recks reckless Occasion smiles long I you Look Be thou , aboard , shame leave ; grace second my thy in thy unproportion'd Those character by and , but familiar unto thy thy unfledg'd but but , may a to that thine th'opposed hatch'd dull hast thou And soul with reserve purse ; not Costly express'd as , few of quarrel , palm of their , But each thy Take And This it of Are And For the apparel France select the to follow not : all and generous itself night day true . lord your , friend . man . leave said remember well of lock'd keep keep Given 'Tis please , keep keep shall , my , key keep Farewell , you time — caution way he as understand hath keep touching something So is't Ophelia keep hath oft and very said ; most yourself so your . you . truth . up I on , call green them pay a true baby , of yourself poor dearly ? girl ; should I think . holy call My Running Or not sterling you'll Tender the — crack , countenance his fashion hath may you given lord it almost promise something You Giving Than Be a entreatments , my do , I of , time ; Ophelia brokers , bawds pious , from leisure moment terms This their investments are they , ways . the all this : is may , he he that walk of ; for time Hamlet . eager ; bites obey The It an very lord is my and now lacks hour It . not What it then . What it ? is walk . struck of season the near his , tonight the Keeps I marry is't , native down , out am is a a Rhenish of his draughts his drains and it , revel headed the born it the east other it of marrow oft pith our - in drunkards addition achievements for their some in Soil our heavy Makes They The So the to And us us , birth their vicious cannot the and some his are attribute in men , wherein pales of o'ergrowth nature nature choose As That Oft Since Or His breaking plausive say , habit , by Being virtues Doth my lord it dram take substance scandal of To , airs a thou with of King will , of father Thou I of thou of of Bring That of in royal , speak thee ponderous his saw , this shake we the we op'd Hath Have Let Why thee To That we disposition our in fools hideous up corse the why is night dead Wherefore action with impartment , it go with ? the , Say As you waves not , Do then means will I lord a it into , cliff my , flood of form , sea brain Think desperation the . thee . follow lord go this your artery the fate out in ; your petty Nemean call'd — nerve your Unhand Go make ! ghost your He away I'll I hardy makes your rul'd Be each as As your And am , a , with waxes say follow To in the rotten will . Heaven him Nay thou lead me me . Speak ! thy hearing serious flames , come , but to , I up render to ghost forbid , am of list , porpentine fretful . dear blazon the upon each Thy of Would Are To thy knotted Like quills particular this And . O be not List and , blood O most know't to foul Murder the with of love as . is wharf did that but forged ; by abus'd 'Tis Haste I May or be in shouldst meditation find thou , serpent so of thou sting process ! of my , on ease in that With Is Rankly ; wears ! death ear life soul noble thy know prophetic crown adulterate that , uncle queen lust power , vow , were with that virtuous most my , went her in marriage , shape angel bed air celestial in And methinks sate , prey me be itself let , To those lust Upon in My in such porches of in with ears whose blood of always juice cursed hebenon , pour man through in in courses milk ; body doth in , posset mine afternoon within stole , orchard , vial it about , body with blossoms , of by head on ! thee horrible imperfections my but disappointed the , crown in , in O nature of bed , bear Denmark incest , near lodge bosom well be fire Remember at to heaven contrive , else my a thee my Remember . of globe table fond memory ? heart , old , records ; Yes woman by , damned it villain ! shall of is , am , uncle may So Within . I Within news , lord lord it wonderful my , my my — you'll , No , would heart my lord , secret man once think . point my for and business fit that without tell , ghost But ne'er There's needs as your ; you is Why , so every — and desire as For my heartily . heartily you , too . offence Saint honest offence your know what now , good me let ghost And and , friends you , will We my , what have known and lord lord HORATIO may you are me . to desire friends , but there is , here tell us request scholars , As one poor sworn have In , I faith , my sword . my , Come on , the stage sword under upon , ha boy sayst hear Consent so thou . sword Swear you you , to this my our , you my shift ground . have . sword have . friends ? good , remove Swear Once Swear this that as stranger but heaven a and wondrous i' . upon gentlemen again heard so . mercy Horatio , come . But . this philosophy more it , earth of in in therefore are How , put perchance before dreamt , are Than arms speak' not , to note So , could doubtful 'There out - head phrase this if and and be this me Swear . and a love man poor lack his shall your ever go joint on out That still May time The do t'express is come , was of Hamlet as , born Let friending not , shall Before You him , I this wisely . Reynaldo notes , good it where and said did him do Enquire who , what my at what ; of come , this and knowledge finding nearer , will it more in are Danskers very first well what , Look you and ; they keep , rank . you ' and , well but he But As if't him I you so , part thus you as 'twere some distant friends may To gaming are As in Ay , very , Quarrelling What But be Addicted sir may dishonour such As or drabbing Ay fencing , Faith That's The That not is : seem general my But Wherefore , good — this would I should my And I Marry , here's laying , Mark slight is lord these a ever , be , know . my fetch sullies little the 'gentleman' — or assur'd th' son , man phrase Very Your Having sir , about to was sir consequence the say What — good ; in — in the gentleman , and or and him Or saw then He closes , And bait falling was At , or At with you then 'I at such takes brothel saw of him , There There Videlicet you b' have I , in lord his . well you fare I wi' lord , inclination My , let my , my . matter ? lord ply . the , Ophelia affrighted . have I , now How , lord Pale as Ungart'red of me ? he love - gyved so his down and , And speak if with a look he ? do his of stay'd of waving And At As head a draw And end did a sigh That done so his — find with And He rais'd his As last it Then his the the other he by wrist thus Long . o'er my up all bulk arm , and without shoulder his turn'd he lets , their will I under of — sorry heaven itself of his me . love fordoes hard any him ; his you am undertakings , passion any as very Whose will property words did denied judgement trifle but jealousy and heed fear'd But in proper Come which to More grief , lies to of . thus him our afflicts unknown hath he , to vouchsafe young days by in brought of that , death remedy will , please you not , living are much to will occasion him , am , from so your visitation adheres . fits by sovereign pleasures to dread Both a good our of receive . remembrance more entreaty such time and with us majesties you have command . is of , you Rosencrantz , lord : sure so this you good , return'd hast Have I my God — of that of I . to of have mine of else brain of hear feast of . of , of ! shall good , from Voltemand father's Well head it doubt I Welcome , fair nephew's To It That On Receives Makes vow from before of against uncle and in your never joy , with in crowns Norway arms in , Norway he , 'gainst the whereat and out , more annual ; in thousand to before , th'assay rebuke ; falsely old him So And three borne so such That With On likes regards As It liege My Why What day is , waste is limbs night , of and day what to duty ended well madam night the true . define less , mad and . noble Your to nothing that go art . pity figure 'tis at A 'tis use no , art , is , vile to faithful . be — that truth never be numbers O , dear most in more , mine hath time given out fell What how But All This As As I my dear play'd heart ? you mistress thus desk me mute round : bespeak I star sight me I out , ' young Hamlet my look'd given daughter me I would Before If What me This he done , repulsed took winking a it perceiv'd me Or me me And Which Thence to into sadness thence wherein and all you prov'd such time that this lead from Not , if be . said , I Take this though hid Where he four . lobby If to then her If love he his assistant reason behind does If At be But If And the encounter If me If I'll Well If know well a . be sir honest would I , were breed if of world ten this very maggots Have true dead , goes For not And daughter i' walk say I a , not . at . me How gone him I do . my . blessing daughter is ; far love , lord , my men . thick wit old lack of most here eyes , my lord ? grey , powerfully a ? method my , there lord you and amber crab . have to honesty it faces their gum weak are not hold which should , they have , air . and I of meeting leave part daughter leave in't . grave often be means , withal You are . my the is of out walk Aside How my . willingly . and his sometimes him and reason which My ! My dost how Rosencrantz thou , Good . happy children lads How lord . very earth , do dear of we of we Neither shoe are not over you Then most the , about her Faith ? my Nor the soles . world's friends , but privates secret of lord you particular , the Then Fortune , that What Prison a prison grown honest . more hands the Let . true not the ? your . doomsday is or bad nothing worst confines the is prison one are being not a prison wards for me there think in thinking ; you it makes none ambition makes it Denmark We be infinite dreams space dream A , I but of but is shadow's bodies , a itself so a and airy , nutshell a bounded , is ambitious , Which monarchs to and . For . and we . our Then are shadows such to beaten way ROSENCRANTZ wait lord no other Were you . thank sent ? you . occasion servants ; for . dear attended dreadfully most , man , nay my which King dear lord ? not ; craft is ? visitation dear , a a dear too inclining Is are with dear , it your that ? dear me To what end know in to purpose dear we looks , come your conjure youth more direct what you proposer could of of were the a , me our sent me you What off and But the be To I . Nay I and why shall and goes lost were lord exercises of will tell My you most excellent to , air is noble and fire in , beauty how of is this reason the of action what nor so . woman you to , it entertainment no then not I delights the . on my me' Lenten , have way and tribute the shall his foil are ? blank verse halt to ; sere lover to to not to peace of to . to the ? Are . city sir of fashion scarce maintains quills stages of they are , they so their aerie , rapiers of little clapped the afraid endeavour , tyrannically eyases that , are them dare now — that thither say wrong , no holds money cuffs while was player of brains carry . is , twenty , Denmark his . father could 'Sblood and The . I me entertainment - mother deceived you tell with you . hands Let , Your ceremony . than yours ? dear my , west In what . from you not with hawk a . gentlemen each clouts . child yet them time sir have lord Then Upon each historical comical historical too - be and of Israel judge the his honour my . had he Why , 'One he loved . Am me you my , it wot . was you , show will , as most me friend me cracked straight Come . speech lord me you , voice . the . Denmark glad me I like of face ? me Come my I others million if or me , pleased was it but , once once general such heard me altitude lady ! uncurrent . play . me the But . speak thee , matter cried in were method as speech fine an matter no nor one the speech , give . us What caviare , me not cunning well remember savoury the author judgements to above a speech play the said speaks his , Pyrrhus lay he couched black the with — night to Head complexion . dismal more and did begins trick'd , see live arms ominous whose sable let me : fire and gore hellish . lend of and With their thus eyes God , well spoken To So with Priam command and falls base whiff Priam declining th'air lo seem'd painted Which was to matter stood stick . top sword Pyrrhus his nothing against Did neutral i' . this Pyrrhus' a as in we , often silence Doth rend As The ; after , stand , Aroused the death , the storm the some and , you gods , eterne proof hammers work dreadful power heaven wheel , long too . sleeps say Prithee bleeding ! from her , on . head clout a , the threat'ning , up barefoot ! and late Where Run diadem With her state saw his clamour did have her treason themselves Fortune's When 'Gainst this had of her she husband's malicious sport then pronounc'd up , of would , seen gods them in and his turn'd have instant In Unless And milch the burst mortal move . no you , made things with she Pyrrhus make made of has you abstracts and a epitaph of bad colour not burning this chronicles colour report better while use . colour . and desert colour of tears more out colour have you according desert his dignity , them colour The . Gonzago ? of Take their to is every man your your in Can need a . play Murder set play you friend Ay . Ay that could lord . To You alone . not and look good welcome to am own his in's wan'd conceit , nothing suiting ! for he ? What and would He motive ear ? the mad cleave Make And he Hecuba That I faculties the the have the her him That Confound A The Like gives ! But 'Swounds gives Remorseless With gives gives As gives That , gives To should make I I slave's I bitter , or . ass an I I , I , Prompted I fall like to Must I Have That Been They though miraculous have organ like . malefactions ! I at have looks power perhaps , spirits , seen and , devil thing grounds such with me conscience of have this days quiet confusion , means distracted himself him crafty forward will he his on of , lunacy of to keeps . sounded aloof , his you free to fell Of are They think This And , hear Madam Niggard assay , he on the seem so 'Tis night of - it it to have already order , they , him matter I . We , sent by accident too , on my purpose his And on all Good my heart ; To , 'twere as , on on on For on he and father Sweet Gertrude Affront closely have myself their is . for love behav'd no espials lawful seeing judge , unseen or , frankly as th'affliction I good your And Of your Hamlet's so wonted I : both wish , may Gracious — Ophelia blame devotion's in visage o'er ! my . action The . that , art with give speech burden most or be . O painted that beautied to ugly Than hear Whether slings them of in : my ! question the suffer outrageous ? die to fortune nobler 'tis The and end ; heir , by arms No And The For The But With And the he That of of love the would that bare The a fly with great hue of not of have of pale currents their the returns , country and When To grunt No traveller Thus sicklied And And With lose The How Be Ophelia Good honour this enterprises Is others o'er the I My for all lord have pray No them , a day well yours did breath their to unkind perfume know gave , long I , remembrances receive longed have to - fair lord Are My my ? Are if That honest be fair and what into , beauty Ay truly his Indeed . now the made you , believed bawd than , lord your honesty should , than translate can the a did virtue it was Why me . I a am sinners . beauty I of relish ; me our things proud to and ways Go crawling them give of ? shape believe to more knaves them were indifferent nunnery myself it arrant own nunnery in's shut What . are doors O , sweet Farewell my fellows as I your If thou We Let chaste the ? dost a fool as to face you a nunnery help as farewell well ; enough . nunnery have lisp of heard , will courtier's , Th'expectancy and rose the eye . your enough ! me are and make made of form , down , they state scholar's married jig You . more God's creatures mind is quite feature , harsh I and his of and out of is of O , see me , reason blown That that bells with His , what Nor Was And some determination the for : a his , puts different shall quick with variable the For our This Thus O'er madness his doubt do melancholy . in of our demand down danger which sits and our objects still matter and our settled . But yet do tribute speed , our to England , our our , not play round ; so all lord us . queen his all To To Let it Sprung heard great It shall you I speech . But the tongue town , you in wisdom best not so shall it use Nor of pronounced it not O tear a to , o'erdoing it shows . you avoid , you must very , too me . be your I word that , o'erstep you Suit not the , soul a beget , rags , capable are a Be the so , of very to too the neither Herods honour whipped warrant of purpose the not is virtue tardy to a body show and and is pressure though ; seen Christian off his pressure but ; the thought pressure we I pressure hope have they man others censure of praise have imitated those pressure let that pressure them . theatre it others heard grieve the , And some some on fool in be work shows question be your no . clowns spectators lord ? play the and , quantity of play that for necessary of ? that that hear now Go . you , piece my Bid two Queen too this . service lord them . Horatio my dear not I do may advancement hast think O I Nay , To And No , sweet , thou art , Why hinges her choice ? rewards nothing election knee should follow may of all dear thrift and feed Where the was fawning Dost . and Fortune's man with and they To my As I , when I Which Observe mine the told have scene It our guilt , foot Give ; Give Give , Give his his lord pay Give play playing . must Polonius , Ophelia Give is theft idle . King the I will King the , King mine . are : cannot Hamlet King others , not King once i' King Capitol i' me did lord my enact did of part brute a was Julius No , kill'd so , upon by . my the , No upon shall head you think I meant lord matters , lord country my legs ? lap your maids' lord ? Ay , you only your mother - are You hours and should my , maker Nay how sables there's , on hope lady with - he a great must horse , is forgot horse lovingly the Queen embracing 'For shall a for yet else half not life , ago devil let wear outlive ; or forgotten have suffer for O not he and bank and King him Lays dead upon makes very - kneels and the , by'r King She takes , and crown lament The , declines a . action to means my the gifts with Poisoner Queen returns . accepts dead her with , three or four Mutes , in Anon unto him poison the , neck . pours it kisses . woos seeming by miching this Belike Will We shall know are this fellow you'll We tell what what . a , naught your your 'Tis thirty hath the Since About And Neptune's Make Full As salt world So distrust from is again thirty our Unite That cheer journeys may so former I nothing holds in made so , you ; are doubts hath or , my and my siz'd : of , is the , and count and your you leave behind too . must O in and haply fair fear , do world , love , the needs second treason confound Aside wed In who Wormwood let wormwood accurst . first ! breast , break we to sticks . mellow now To fall ourselves what 'tis we , be is forget the tree most doth grief with to when determine think we violent fruit , is what That This 'tis Whether Their to pay The great advanc'd poor loves should us or mark on lack in who And lead The want shall fortune man And The Directly needs makes themselves , with change strange , accident to favourite enemies fortune his of hitherto even Our who Our orderly seasons devices , thoughts and wills But wilt thoughts ours to fates second husband . I to anchor's sworn . here I cheer blanks widow Ophelia If My deeply Meet what she I it here . us . now should break fain and dull you too protests , never And grow tedious Madam lady methinks in't offence i' no word ; world this no th' Baptista . us touches work , jest . call you how The , nephew , Lucianus good chorus unwrung o' puppets the my the if you groaning a to lord . worse my better your faces you and mistake . the Still hands Confederate begin . With life magic , apt Thou fit , Pox bellow for thy . damnable doth agreeing seeing murderer else of blasted th'garden in gets extant him black murderer frighted fire of rises choice immediately Gonzago see ? with name's dire usurp His Italian fares , me Give What , strucken play ; sleep the if , roses my go of with the feathers . was share two forest fellowship a ; whole in one , and very a cry away . himself very You I'll A might take , dost know realm , Jove rhymed have pound Didst have . for have . poisoning comedy . did Why have have Good like have well music some king , Come I , not , him with word a me — signify perhaps would choler ; to far to . and to sir of what With Is for Your doctor , my Good me put him me . hath start not so spirit . the I be right . I , business wholesome courtesy ; no commandment answer is my make not return the mother's my answer mother there is , mother My mother say say you struck this heels more you My diseased sir you , sequel bed Have ere to . any mother times her But ! and further . no mother's ? surely your King the ? of for grows grass succession you , when , Ay , can recover wind Let recorders How that . lord if too if To the advancement I , if , do I the the O lord that , me my not well but see me to my I My me beseech touch no govern . breath lying with I But of thumb music it give these ; my me , would I how sound my you make . I are discourse have not the ! You pluck note excellent Call do think I am presently camel ? of speak bless Queen , the is like a a . whale a a like like It Or it Methinks that's cloud By Very mother . I . and now world yawn When Contagion to bent by say . come . and say to I Leave time itself witching say business could hell . say so of said me say . say , enter consent , soul my , words enter my them , be be enter unnatural let my . enter , enter none . use with us enter dispatch with . prepare safe it stands nor along . range him estate doth provide as lunacies feed That To keep those Majesty it much whose and his . is , but armour strength your upon life safe is and and from upon it summit of the a doth draw , depend weal 'noyance single all the not near on alone itself keep The Are the lives whose ; but it To mortis'd convey . too you pray goes ROSENCRANTZ For , sigh this - fetters , put and will to speedy voyage . free mother's his haste was than a my bed it , rank , the is my know . to , o'erhear should well go what you . you to , liege ; hand serves , offence twofold to of force sweet brother's in blood mercy . murder form ? look I'll what my am , queen — of this ambition since ere snow ? Whereto Then But down forestalled the but . in prayer we this visage pardon'd is my as white But And ? turn past being what's To My O I foul up lies action What not ? faults the not prize above compell'd can cannot rests retain pardon'd may 'tis out Buys the corrupted seen law hand gilded shuffling evidence it , knees limed born of black heart strings he it do't so he is would . soft might , not revenge bread of , heaven save course knows full , who circumstance him in And and then . May , blown send as and do blown father and , grossly is my I took blown With And , drunk th'incestuous his or blown kick , sword him asleep in Or When , blown fit heavy But He his in To When Up blown Then gaming ; King fly . thoughts words up Words trip That him whereto sickly My . lay too been that Much And him He , between , matter the what's father , mother hast have my you , come go Come , Go Mother , you , What's the , me , with a now Have And , set you I'll , Nay those not till the see the you not so . wife my mother can not a you wilt , dead ! Draws , A ? Help What . ho , Dead How Behind ! slain Is it this , fool , fortune farewell . Take some danger , is deed mother good brother sit for hands your wring proof of your be , it is sense against it stuff braz'd so dar'st ? me ; is be heart , down , of and oaths body , Heaven's soul words solidity and as visage sick thought - sweet virtue forehead blister takes innocent contraction As As from makes , glow a , face , roars An See With tristful and thunders this brothers picture presentment was to on husband world like New eye combination god curls a counterfeit of heaven , and herald heaven and seem Jove brow . follows , himself heaven a seal ? heaven what for Ha a you a - heaven threaten Mercury . heaven heaven your have ! blood judgement this the ; Sense and sure not , have you would madness ? for have in call cannot from you not to , apoplex'd But serve hath cozen'd , eyes or : it love And step could That To Eyes without thus in such feeling a sickly , of mutine . mope so not Could it to ecstacy without sight devil ? choice . sans all - What difference at feeling smelling thy bones no charge burn , blush , as the , soul very black live into my and grained . love ; the tithe ; enter , speak daggers like Stew'd These Of a of that A more sweet Hamlet mine making more in a twentieth villain enseamed of , sweat and bed the Over to corruption nasty sty ears of and A and murderer precious . not the And No What ! with gracious hover and me A it shelf slave from king shreds of diadem your me and . son tardy he's , come not guards mad Alas Save You you say your of . blunted almost ! your her weakest to you with ? vacancy hold ? do eye your do Alas Start and stand Upon with you at How And That Forth , Your the And Sprinkle on form His him ! Look Whereon end conjoin'd capable with Lest My want this I piteous cause you — O gentle distemper look thy flame him — cool patience upon — have for , me convert look not you action Do preaching to . there nothing — speak ? hear — at he ! your portal see nothing you nothing in habit all Why This Is even My And I will . doth Ecstasy bodiless cunning as pulse That have matter . not Lay Would is This very yours music utter'd flattering , but the of compost avoid madness , weeds ; come my , him times , heaven to mining unction for of soul speaks to ; in it uncle's the you have half this within yourself pardon do part who to not , a And O O Yea the in make To For That to Of curb use either That habits monster I'll to , answer , good , more you beg almost next wondrous blessing With do , this again behind : scourge hath and their and and good , with a ? mouse you , do , bed again , cheek your ravel tempt no means his you , him , paddock but Such basket in , on , fair you matter this , gib a , 'Twere from a let sober , of made be own if conclusions fly down life to said words , Let from concernings sense the like ape secrecy . creep famous . on concluded have I neck no 'Tis England you me , letters trust I Whom the mandate , Let must , Alack seal'd will thou must had forgot to schoolfellows my sweep two my will it , most mines way , most . set line one I with Hoist And This still , most now lug , crafts , 'tis shall below directly neighbour , me this knave with we ? understand These fit your sighs ; these in , was Come You Gertrude my lord How , lawless ? fit when his something mightier sea Mad What , Behind O liberty To you It His yourself shall be to unseen good deed , be to we been with , short what so providence ' , answer'd and fit of ? haunt love our he , dragg'd bring he Polonius aid him further slain , our we slander , do , to diameter our dismay the shot the poison'd And the the the What ! GUILDENSTERN the . the Hamlet with us the we your what keep of that soaks up a should such authorities — swallowed in and , ape , the of you shall his not you , Take corner have jaw in first but ear . when officers King King's me you them Ay , it . A speech is — thing the where us , he sponge needs what you gleaned dry go the but , King A to thing Hide , the ! their but and that the distracted eyes weigh'd is all scourge smooth seem grown , desperate Or By This offence pause Yet He's not lov'd Who like sudden so their th'offender's desperate all him away reliev'd ? my of diet for convocation . emperor of hath that fish What that worm . lean at , him to else your but and . to dost may . messenger . not . there find you stairs the up go if there progress through indeed But is Where you To , done tender for deed thou we that With For bark which Th'associates , is For and and till you safety hence — thine — everything Therefore England For Ay thyself ! England wife . come , father . mother . I'll have everything ; thou love th'affair foot on him it Away else Follow flesh mother My Pays homage the power Danish conjuring not coldly , thy mayst to which — process thy , my great my As , of in . that it blood effect awe set , England , begun . us the with aught would kingdom that , Captain , Howe'er my cure my from king of know I will let And softly , on Go Good How Who commands are Against five hath go Truly to to gain and patch would Norway little the to no I profit no , ranker speak , of Pole in it already is Polack it with frontier Poland ? sir , Nor then the of th'imposthume souls question of breaks inward man , and and never garrison'd farm name or be ; thousand this thank I'll God b' you please do a . no you and straw the debate How occasions that spur my Looking us ? market beast large made before Be sleep his Sure in fust That unus'd Now godlike , no more be , time his , straight all To A and too capability and chief such us reason — and , at , a Examples gross ambition prince unsure divine and mass and event the charge , know scruple it wisdom part but will this , such of delicate and be quarrel great , will invisible and a stand to stir will without . Rightly . stake father the to , will danger will dare great will , I stain'd , argument straw How , and my find my numbers beds thousand of fight a twenty and like , for Go Whereon Which To hide My will be bloody not importunate What enviously the collection of , sense half i' Spurns Which , Indeed her words at carry to hearers Yet The make sure Dangerous would one think yet with ill . minds , unhappily for guilt great some jealousy . amiss true sin's as come there fit spoken conjectures To Each good toy So seems full beauteous Ophelia ? Majesty now , staff hat another And , sweet love your How How his what gone grass White his and lady , stone green gone heels , turf a but Pray shroud , lord ! owl daughter a the what true With God what look - the Alas with you bewept Larded we you are let's Tomorrow And Then And Never the Ophelia more that door a . on't the his clothes Pretty an without By Gis maid departed come to wed . blame to you . bed yonder tumbled done We him thus good been night good my shall , Come night good ? cannot choose brother , you pray springs . for not come to . long How well must ladies th' i' I would lay ; ladies , of it . her Follow night O , Next Thick But All from For Polonius' and own your Feeds hugger to which not , we speeches , our my stick ear and ear nothing wants in secret containing are much as and is on wonder And are my to person Gertrude beggar'd matter of O Wherein In Like Gives death in to , many places ? lord begin rabble The my , yourself Save Eats young offices the Antiquity O'erbears and ! tongues king king king , head list haste , word every custom . the Than not , ratifiers hands , They O , props shall on the false you this is How The doors is Sirs king Where you come you dogs cry Laertes , they Danish . false pray ? me in give , me I is mother Laertes - giant , chaste that's door Give Keep . thank you the good my father Calmly , father proclaims person — me what a fear not divinity can of thus Why There's treason Let Tell , doth — father : doth him . him man will peep but doth our king . to — doth Speak is . doth ! doth . his , to the blackest , negligence profoundest the to , what both dare damnation Who I'll . father revenge world little . so the all know is't writ in my arms pelican ; blood my life thus but his friend father's sensibly , in your a you with Winner It That most am . level to , it for grief as shall As I now brains be paid your day And , is't kind the madness sense my ! What Tears seven ? 'pear your Within up , a young of loves . wits fine possible , possible possible ! of rose O . beam turn possible They is his Fare possible him persuade — revenge a . ' , down thus possible move , well grave the Hadst down it not him and 'Down becomes There's fennel document , may but with We you herb of daisy There's remembrance good they A . For . call sweet and to Robin There's and for to , he not , is . my a all And beard He no not favour to Thought turns thy he death will His And All was as white poll gone . God away , we come is - his He again ? gone pray see . right Go friends wisest 'twixt and he moan is his . God , on God Christian all Make Or shall us find you of hear life to shall you content give jointly we , our you To crown They And , deny choice they Our If by direct and To we in lend labour be his o'er his bones soul not our , Let means I pray you question heaven , this , sword noble Cry is formal nor , nor heard as ostentation 'twere call't me let So they that th'offence you the with go Lord . speak have they sir world shall from comes God be I greeted bless bless a . you him was as , and't , two fellows valour , some chase like Reads please that th'ambassador clear thou repair of days a , sea . our ship Rosencrantz I where words He and much the Let with thine of have them . bore the ear . in thieves give . make I I them their prisoner yet fellows for are for letters . course , their tell knowest , whom my noble slain ear , feats . you acquittance heart But he have conscience put Now appears stirr'd wisdom so against all reasons , seem , two were capital life in up else things . unsinew'd for nature not which well plague my ; his by or so the not life and strong for much . his , other mother , and bear him stone Queen his , my . them father terms lost a I not gyves not as I Is For perfections your sleeps that for of . You shook But praises all revenge made . be stuff back age danger more hear dull ourself , flat so not and the will come again must with shall love shortly beard , now Letters to your ! Who He saw I . brought by me , my , From my were 'High . Reads shall should this in a in Hamlet's Can postscript Know Or ? character , warms and so diest If It To thine Under the an more checking to exploit To And he , own As No not o'errule my So you will at undertake no not ripe now it shall death mother it breathe rul'd uncharge . be devise it organ . the right since travel from my sum a much , quality parts , his no less since weeds — months French becomes the - demi and far of shapes he topp'd A I And made you gave And and such masterly most a your rapier He in , especially a He scrimers be He The so them . motion He nothing Did Hamlet He could could he swore That one He oppos'd coming , of your of heart A face , you Not But And I the and of by it of that the within at or growing a , goodness in should We As Dies That hurts And there are And hath tongues are a as like hands 'should' . easing comes your ? you quick , this we for delays is But , this back yourself More by Hamlet We'll And Where Collected moon scratch'd withal save that , but that bought from it draws this This fit Weigh May that And us what Let's It think of both shape convenience , that Therefore through might project performance . hold see — dry , hot , let your cunnings me hold purpose for he he make ! As And by So woe There But our That cold liberal flowers the pendant , hang an weedy trophies envious brook her and sliver coronet herself broke , purples call give boughs fingers give grosser weeds spread wide give give . give them they Her clothes her give . bore distress old indued tunes and could it with is not , would holds gone blaze , lord , are these her , do start will . follow and own buried she to be grave burial defence her Christian straight in so cannot , 'tis she unless , but hear water ; himself that is water the you drown if not . that you , marry Ay you thou say'st have truth on't should this , Why , was Could Adam digg'd answerest he How ? heathen If Go — to thyself carpenter ? mason , the the , shipwright outlives . thousand well , carpenter . tell Marry , tell no , more houses youth when Methought I , behove of doomsday question dull this asked a me made Custom so e'en 'Tis ; Hath claw'd shipp'd in been . knave the did not this ass it which , sweet - a lord , How dost one chapless , but we an breeding play about had the knocked might ! it . be made now tell time his purchases pate of fine , in's rude be not , his cases the of his him , about tenures knock to great him of and double , a , fine dirt too ? his , indentures ha more this no more have Is They speak to guest such of a clay for is meet . and indeed , thou liest not . 'tis liest therefore lie in't again for to away man thou dost For woman will ; quick ; 't none be buried in't ? soul , me you rest speak by her she's . equivocation , years three toe that I o'ercame year been th' courtier he , Horatio picked so i' the of is the us , near By the is ! age . days he can — Every he shall it's , him ; why , he mad there , losing ? e'en I . been years How he scarce eight will year not he rotten , sir water a three body great that hold year or be will a before the he nine . more your Whose . while hide , a his . And for skull . Rhenish King's Alas jest times your now how hung , table the - your ? now excellent I to that my . Yorick abhorred knew fancy hath I lips own be at ; of most Here it tell her one come tell that What's must me , chamber , and that gibes laugh . th'earth this ? smelt . fashion ! Pah i' my , we Alexander return lord Horatio till so may E'en of the noble what to 'Twere too , he to ! Why a - bung earth was with we ; of not which in the flaw world the the t'expel earth which of ; that Should which O that Caesar dead and which , keep ! Here , hand which follow estate which . very ? ceremony , Laertes is That we Till the Yet bell strewments is and trumpet ground For should the burial We sing to more there , and pebbles more be be service souls . wife sweet ; deck'd grave woe on O flowers bride thought I hop'd I ten caught to a to this the quick ingenious that thy off once upon dust to flat Pelion skyish the to Of deed . to mountain blue or emphasis he ? to stars , and makes This them Dane hearers wounded To . well devil take soul I sorrow grief of ! dangerous splenative . from , thy . asunder Hamlet ! in me Pluck them fear Away , Gentlemen Good Why not Could I my all their thousand of do . brothers love ? for her woul't Dost prate on I'll wart against her in her let the , mountains , of come fight drink show . outface I'll And well madness female disclos'd , sit couplets the will fit mere as , thou . zone ground , Nay us acres of cat Strengthen put , the good , himself , thus ? matter day may he Horatio your patience matter in will have for this do You So Sir , heart me serves us that and shapes teach know , them about , me my had , the in desire Horatio , too in , supervise on ! Denmark's many several health the to head not But Being wilt commission thou Is't the thus I begun the make benetted a commission , Wilt sir , wrote I conjuration was England As earnest As between love a like 'as'es of - seal'd was signet that was How even was the So our Thou , fight . Guildenstern . what . they not their pass . the , thinks't . what a Why my th'election , angle , kill'd his such in out between further shortly known to him the issue there nature our not perfect to be conscience England . 'One' Horatio say to good myself put grief . this . chough you lordship at his but ; to Majesty dirt possession 'tis 'tis beast my lord No gracious let the ; a of him . He know to vice , beasts be of , leisure of diligence it , I thank all your 'tis cold sultry very lord lord ; is it receive I use ; for very hot cannot — laid , he complexion . northerly . me , bade . you the me society , your it his me , I , me very , as , me me Sir remember ease me , believe he me is continent an and beseech him the mine in ; of definement , mirror dearth Sir you speak to faith good feelingly find his divide take Why concernancy his The trace trace Is't not trace to trace another ? the his him most we breath trace this trace are , Of golden ? faith empty I did , Of all's would , ignorant — in himself with , by . his unfellowed his weapon lest ; his to , ignorant well What's on , the . and rapiers . responsive of fancy and very as girdle dear carriages , with I knew you Barbary liberal conceited horses . would be against sir , six you bet French all a is sir hath three . as French to edified more that's might , dozen on twelve for And Danish , the ? person trial is and , and the assigns it between against the you call in that hits immediate opposition I if answer answer please brought hits the opposition will . opposition you after duty to your opposition commend my opposition are , opposition sir ; deliver nothing re - but I gain shame my your turn away the suck'd he with . no tongues head it the outward but , My lord play attend him in him young by the — he on a most , you the . be provided pleasure will hall to or that the you . his time if brings who If so entertainment coming are . to . in think no kind their - repair fall to come the . providence fit forestall of . it but my , it perhaps hither we dislike anything 'tis , hand betimes will woman There's to will a special it if The not . this a gentleman have are . as you sir heard ; proclaim was I pardon't How might am What nature I wrong'd not ? is then , of it Then If when he's does Hamlet And does ? here , does audience , wrong'd enemy Hamlet's . If't be evil o'er arrow brother most generous from poor shot faction faction To faction aloof . revenge But elder faction honour of , the faction faction your a and me honour masters and in should and most and and and darkest and sir this off indeed in me for i' star Laertes one , foils , Your skill since Your has have I . well odds know foils No , by , all too I fear is is Let you ? a , me seen length ; throw , speak four me shall trumpet without cups the kings better that . lord The the The King to cannons And Come on , to judges the , trumpet , the heavens 'Now you very a . hit is . do I win of what ; touch He's , carouses thy scant , and Hamlet son Our hit bout , take Good Gertrude fat a Queen I lord drink not I , Come dare My yet the you pass pray . for afeard , I Say Have neither on of violence conscience but . 'gainst . You best you Hamlet ; there them ? is incens'd they Nay , How sides How Queen the to They kill'd woodcock I no The No as is't see own springe treachery bleed them see ! drink the does She , see How see the see Hath see It In No is I turn'd no Unbated and on King's . am . incestuous I hurt ? but , damned mother is with father's forgiveness off Drink He . me Nor You look . Never ; me audience fell aright . I'll Dane a left . am could you . in , heart me , name , wounded Heaven behind live what ; by Horatio thus , Absent in If thou , this And draw . thy , breath story my is come this noise England gives from This , with I , live , angels And , drum search your woe O drum is feast quarry cries toward so This What drum drum So wonder see ? proud eternal cell cease drum come late drum . struck ? give are dead . thanks hast should And ears To Rosencrantz are our hast tell affairs The That Had Where hast sight that and thou hast Not his you . England bodies , hast view and life th'ability The hast him gave of Polack so from to for this that from their , our order , bloody death upon commandment arriv'd the never give you these unknowing , judgements by upshot purposes forc'd , casual shall yet unnatural cause . audience hear deliver inventors' Truly in , on Let Of put with me For Of from sorrow I to deaths this to the All I , my fortune invite more mischance on speak . also more perform'd lest captains are same have vantage . been he ; the the and likely prov'd The he his mouth minds let this , presently and plots men's Let , most Take Bear four royally to , stage war this amiss sight as his , ordnance is passage . shoot . soldiers rites shows him a for . copyright United old United of GUTENBERG United very for distributing General and copying without copy United can permission to forth you owns a license trademark United of not may copies of Gutenberg eBooks works , United be this do United easy S You eBook by may and of used be . electronic Gutenberg the . U practically Gutenberg or any of other Terms . available . Project , protect electronic Project Gutenberg by of distributing of work the Project . with this or way promoting mission comply reading , accept copyright of this agreement agreement of If all Project obtaining from person or by intellectual to bound the paragraph be by . forth a only an of do terms way as set electronic license have read , understand , all return and cease must you Gutenberg for fee paid a with Project Gutenberg agreement can the access E terms you electronic . people are do the Foundation copyright in located the unprotected the is in copying distributing by from prevent to to works a See free are lot of things follow future works paragraph compilation electronic an Project Gutenberg are Gutenberg . all Nearly in law do the the copyright collection individual , work , Of as , United . you are creating all United claim a right or States States you works Project Gutenberg of Project agreement are in of , terms United in easily agreement hope the can agreement also you Gutenberg keeping by the with free agreement . in what Project format agreement comply The share terms agreement its with you same D you it laws of your works the have the creating you to United references Project , removed The on performing any any Gutenberg appear or online eBook use it - If have you , the with License links Project , or , or restrictions United work States displayed which any most no re org included or with before is without it be can that paying access to on work fees S Gutenberg will using . with in anywhere anyone , gutenberg . U trademark Gutenberg either E the of appearing paragraphs in paragraphs of requirements providing forth E the Gutenberg E . use . holder your or . a . be with both an If the obtain . comply . set for or the . E work , and . electronic . and work E . or and for found full part Project Project this this redistribute the at works all copyright . imposed permission to terms any . work . links immediate sentence access unlink or this beginning not or copy not electronic . E . any other word . work , Do displaying prominently E the than user , not Do performing . may charge access you You . Vanilla . of fee of provided a form . of means at must , request fee for . any specified access Any a charge other upon . Project E full or distributing to viewing of works owed has Project must trademark , fee from derive you but providing is the . the or are method gross paragraph taxes to The on periodic which as and tax this . he Royalty prepare to Project . money mail marked your under Foundation such the Foundation of to physical user . copies . copy other a in of the in copies must works possessed a the require - terms works access or and paragraph of a days in the of refund defect of destroy and Project a full all Gutenberg replacement of terms a this to F receipt is comply You You any electronic with distribution you . work . from works effort not . identify by to electronic Gutenberg works Defects medium intellectual property a virus , but errors on or computer . OF DISCLAIMER research transcribe creating Project , that , which efforts not a equipment F the codes Except damage or , copyright or Gutenberg be to in they law incomplete damaged stored , or Right Project STRICT legal all Project Project including NEGLIGENCE expenses , FOR agreement paragraph . distributing damages YOU LIMITED work of electronic receive with with received the your of . If defective refund work If receiving received The REPLACEMENT medium , If sending you a a it for entity , writing of fix the replacement or a you disclaimers certain , of give you a in to electronically work to you may limited states disclaimer or allow , to a the in a in 'AS to demand refund may exclusion be law warranties If Some . the of F unenforceability trademark accordance agreement the . or to this to Gutenberg , occur all and volunteers Gutenberg of this of any Gutenberg c , and from that you , with . owner copies any - INDEMNITY . Section old the financial Gutenberg electronic including remain assistance computers Project because exists and and Information in critical provide volunteers . life walks . Gutenberg . see secure Literary provide to Project donations www at and the come Gutenberg of - of volunteers new reaching Project and future and Gutenberg collection will , non a Literary . Archive - Project Project . Plaza up website Project Project Project the permitted identification org Project contact the . contact . at full Project exempt the located to survive . carry equipment . Many tax . to accessible of . mission be . small works the can the . and United locations . compliance of it laws the maintaining domain public donations Literary depends equipment , of to charities with these . The distributed of particularly status charitable important the in and all not are written solicit not . requirements met accepting donations unsolicited , Foundation with with states takes in particular know donors from donations solicitation have where DONATIONS or have effort we visit not determine status against any Please including donate ways methods concept checks General , Project treatment web Gutenberg are us are concerning U online visit , S gratefully and in are of . make staff are from alone for org . payments www are Project with Professor S Gutenberg . are : Hart of About are Michael Gutenberg freely editions . S all unless start facility includes at necessarily . keep Most Gutenberg eBooks main Thus several by any included protected from not is notice confirmed are copyright in compliance as the . Gutenberg eBooks .