Nay Stand , live King ! Stand He carefully your come struck Stand 'Tis relief much Stand Long Stand unfold Stand Stand Francisco guard quiet Not Stand had you this I now twelve think If hear them my watch liegemen Friends ? Give Give And soldier farewell honest has my place him Horatio is ! Holla , of piece thing Welcome this What Say , what him along , night us , hold let I the , sight 'tis Horatio has And this belief I if approve Tush once are let us we tush , Sit may He And That Had made his us , we , from part and Marcellus westward of that's , Look t'illume course bell . off thee dead . Horatio . to the King again that's Horatio , it to . of warlike time spoke fear and night form thee and fair this buried speak ! stalks and ! Horatio this ! think ! Is not Before ! He Thus stalk what , hath gross and in With When he before and the same daily me , of , for from war land that observant of of he shipwrights cast divide foreign might Does not joint toward the Fortinbras most pride us , seal'd a by who , heraldry all those conqueror , to life ; known law ; combat to slay Did gaged To the our , of the which by carriage of the , as which moiety of ratified seiz'd his of side this forfeit Was Did Which fell That As it doth a to terms in Of food For hath well stomach and unto our ; in't of , state foresaid strong and in the e'en this our and ere Disasters Upon in whose influence the precurse doomsday with earth heaven and our to prologue Have As the like almost harbingers preceding Was Unto , though there , happily O speak ! may in of spirits you the , say in ? not will it if it thou Extorted they of . To It in sea Awake his on faded say It This our Wherein The To are and nor hallow'd , and gracious witch heard do in high mantle charm ; strike the is then , they say singeth birth that celebrated night dare spirit the that Saviour's ever Some then look , But This Unto Let Break you consent our loves , him I this morning brother's most kingdom , befitted and of woe nature with think on ourselves queen , eye a equal In With Our He father Importing Colleagued Or state To disjoint late our hath our for most , with all bonds of we young have surrender to by wisdoms , which all you For . thinking this with fail'd not brother for and valiant bed this . business , the uncle the ourself is : rid , that we here the in no King Norway scope . duty your commend further , articles personal duty allow dilated your and ; and In that , And lose head The And told The And bow your hath He My thoughts them and must your wishes leave , my says slow . leave Polonius ? France and to lord my his will petition wrung you , hour By Good Not How , is And Seek Passing , be common thee it through for eye cast I , cloak , with lives is solemn fruitful the windy Ay haviour , actions are all nor Seems 'Tis Nor madam ! dejected can For must filial obsequious But and father to the in commendable and sweet Together These That heart should must vulgar fault opposition , unschool'd a to mind and , thing peevish is , term sense heaven theme to a simple understanding heart what , From Is must This be father ; he , and throne love of our world We till who of you , still 'tis , fault to hath us , died whose the ' woe the with dearest . For , bend retrograde most cheer and , and stay us her of our , to , fair ; madam . away clouds Denmark that heart unforc'd ; the drinks in accord loving Denmark . and health great King's the His How weary me - O fix'd ! melt would a dew Come . bruit again solid flesh , God : nature — woman month old body ! she even is name thy , Why ! on a those wants , reason father eyes , mine , tears , sheets galled unrighteous to , heart , not , it dexterity nor my It I God Would such lord , myself well friend Wittenberg make I'll , your The am , I change very glad not hear faith . my good affair your is came to . shall We'll But yourself make do truster I was my follow'd wedding you Against see see me to Or ever I Did see father , methinks day foe The the see marriage tables meats . student see , lord forth see funeral in . my I ? see dearest see ! met I my mind's — eye , Where eye eye man I eye eye saw a I was shall , look , eye He eye the ? Who ? my for father King , King The . gentlemen . knew I are ? platform was your ; and the they night not the ; of kept to This . him word deliver'd the , each more we yet : head and , away haste loud speak would , like it in shrunk the motion even lifted It I it made My , our . true in ; duty crew sight morning , strange from of it . our lord . very troubles me . tonight this my lord and We Arm'd , say Both . from you saw my , Then lord O Pale countenance And fix'd very Most would very very very very very very His It will A it hell though , assume hold I it 'twill warrant So , and . fare no tonight still sight this you pray . conceal'd your shall hap an Let doubt some I Give it requite your else . eleven 'twixt I'll mine as , loves foul the all And convoy My And me are necessaries as hear doubt that you not . o'erwhelm : my , soul them embark'd the do of in blood , not youth , No nature Think not as but ; crescent youth For Grows youth The youth virtue of soil ; his youth He youth And greatness For nor In service Perhaps nor , himself for Carve nor His nor is fits As It nor Whereof he nor nor Or If nor so the therefore voice head your the must and yielding of he in so wisdom Then ; Denmark his your it rear keep , so of The your heart , the she so unmask calumnious strokes affection sister . treasure songs may so my of the in her the The so and Then weigh his ear you and , your ; and else . and and , libertine reckless thorny and path Show watchman my Do me Whilst primrose And the steep some ungracious and dalliance recks not th'effect blastments are safety none fear keep , brother of to do my good pastors heaven , father shame thy in , There my memory with sail , aboard no his precepts means adoption vulgar . a a blessing upon smiles few Give Aboard Laertes ? in , but by your of blessing tongue , steel friend and itself be , not buy thy can voice , station ; true day this to any man the thee in night false as : dulls to , my be own edge oft fancy ; rich proclaims best chief : remember . it ? you said to : So Given If ! affection late me . as , green you perilous of what ; these tenders true should a yourself for ? think . call think my you'll ; pay dearly a me the poor phrase ; teach sterling not Which Or Running he hath In lord fashion My fashion it ; to holy the vows of , go lord . daughter this ; making , forth . ways time from . lord ; terms so give to't I Look to . my Hamlet leisure Lord your cold air . it , held wont to walk the near struck I Keeps What does wake tonight mean it spirit No the ? Wherein The And The wassail , drains - to my mind to Makes and headed the traduc'd tax'd nations other the is am , drunkards heavy us honour'd in , out . pledge his of it ? and phrase at they his some choose wherein down cannot complexion pales of and origin , mole — defect men , the Since in mole Soil pith some birth o'ergrowth some of I form Oft nature mole , The mole mole mole plausive by Or To Look man my man man thee with or man , damn'd defend it . own us man man , me , jaws inurn'd , but death sepulchre mean , call shape answer steel ? this we Wherefore why , It is horridly Revisit'st That , thoughts ? alone waves with you a what , go with more we do ? souls , nature What of go , away it , will the fear . that it lord there might And What if Which to brain , the base dreadful you forth immortal body this lion's of him that follow this with desperate not fit waxes say Have I'll ! issue him . him me ? let's come Denmark me . further come . myself flames ! ghost poor When render up , me not am revenge What art , I bound shall I thou to when to forbid , young blood , the in days , end . word I of nature be must ever blazon fretful list father murder unnatural ! in ! his and most foul as foul it . best , strange , apt than Lethe , on wharf weed revenge my whole of orchard , Hamlet of death my ear thou , know that ! most — a Hamlet seduce gifts , adulterate shameful virtuous wit of my what , hand in in love was natural virtue , never poor that of whose whose it to itself on a in . celestial bed link'd of morning orchard Sleeping sate But To those her I hour hebenon . a a prey radiant angel , be ; through body , stole be custom With The thin and like , And And The Most lazar life Of was of crown , sleeping All - a wholesome instant , in horrible , made With No Against Taint To prick not Let couch howsoever thy to those sting - adieu , pale , you Adieu shall And O all I Ay thou But you And The glow , fie ! Remember to 'gins couple my hell ? O heaven ! Hold instant up , Yea In Within And That the baser villain least At one tables smile I That with villain pernicious is most book matter and , be and set remember be down villain ! lord . I , So , Within My HORATIO Heaven Within , ho be . Lord Illo Lord Lord Lord , Lord So Lord , How , noble ? it by reveal , say There , tell ne'er no I Look ; right it Such is as , You These Why so fit that we are shake hands i' you circumstance business at and , part : part , desire . own words , request tell here . soldiers us you , there by , And Never make lord we , lord what my to desire as you are friends , one , you is It For O'ermaster't may me As Nor I faith in , My HORATIO have my the Indeed , sayst hear , Consent upon fellow this stage my , under Art in there , seen . cellarage the . sword you . heard have sword so good earth and , wondrous strange . fast , come , night are , How Here There Than grace That So love to Hamlet me gentlemen you your So . I poor love perturbed , so his lack . your Let fingers t'express , shall do a man your to not your . giving ambiguous and Or such your mercy at help your to you is spite your let's on spirit , and as commend of to go . I , together , was . pray , Reynaldo . make , visit behaviour wisely will you I my his I , Of said means encompassment , your do this What , intend , where it come of question they , of his father do his , but know very he's very , nearer him , well 'not this . that ; friends ' put and , there wild of , ' on may you ' ? liberty ' lord fencing You ' known usual ' ; faults in him the dishonour you must meaning general in my good , charge , a fiery liberty so know here's I my i' son warrant drift that , this my sullies is , th' sir Marry a thing would you should But ? working you would be consequence ' or ; crimes , on the in converse a , I ? to . Where did or phrase you breathe you youth Having ever my , the in this , 'gentleman' the say he saw or Or say , tennis' there and , the marry ' say say 'gentleman ! say . ' say rouse , say say reach , me and . yourself in inclination you Good my lord lord my ply , him I b' , well you his And , music my . lord . unbrac'd doublet so been in all ? affrighted , purport love , horrors , been his his , what , in , sewing to in me ? but ? said me do of Mad , speak if with Ungart'red his , had look , To his falls , not the by he wrist length perusal of he — his it find way his shoulder all , without their go King , help , denied command did under heaven am ; natures I passion any hard words repel His good his access to better mad fear'd . thee him not had It seems beyond the our younger to close King sort , provoke , it inward see to dear Welcome we , much that sending it have . What so Something nor Our Hamlet's Resembles So being , I cannot of so dream from death . was I days rest us he am I sure To show gentlemen open'd aught two adheres more so hath lies , your time receive . majesties , you of it and our awhile good please have entreaty lay up We to into power Both , And your sovereign your both ourselves service our Rosencrantz and Guildenstern your the give here My Heavens Ay , helpful our Rosencrantz gentle , Go to is . my Both I And I do hath very the think cause us'd — of trail God my to I speak that admittance to to great so sure hear to . and . hath . him . our other but o'erhasty . marriage he distemper , them shall that , all shall no father's the shall ! him impotence , and out shall , the found appear'd to suppress . shall fine truly ; he age shall ? shall desires out greetings sent he of return fair , our first , levies , which , Polack arrests , soldiers employ , before levied With , might , And Gives To , On As are please thousand to commission entreaty an three it and thank Answer such That at , Most rest we our us set It for consider'd more , you your Go Were day Therefore And nothing will I What Mad , brief it I Madam mad , swear : then this effect of cause for 'tis I but call he it have Who remains the remainder , most beautified thus she , mine Perpend cause of . remains . art use . by this , surmise . stay , you Doubt Doubt you that the to thou the you this Came Hamlet you her these best , you hath my you him it to ; place , and me solicitings , ear means machine , not have . I most best by mine his show'd to hath All But I As I I fain As What do prove of a , Majesty play'd , here dumb , work , book : And ' herself , what might the winking , think that you might you , winking wing , winking table think , winking , and with this desk winking my I If winking think young mistress a a prince winking love upon No ? took lock , receive no of tale a into then short I of thy star my thence , by he . very , now for , sadness to to It That there Thence Thence , done Into all a said otherwise I know this . indeed I . so ' , prov'd Not that this , if , Within find hid together then , I from Let At Mark be not poor wretch comes . a , not for reason fall'n try keep farm it will no assistant . my a - board I do my God are You I you lord man were Excellent would my , know , so does , well lord , breed For , this thousand world , goes is , lord honest a to be one a . picked good — my maggots if the sun in a dead my kissing not , is lord a , conceive may that to my ? walk first Conception Friend a suffered I . he words , my satirical that slave For mean I plum - matter . weak believe with potently Slanders , is Between wrinkled which ? who their sir go ? air of backward yet grave , the there have set like , have and amber wit a purging lord my is down you . thus most I though if sometimes old be my Into happiness of I , contrive Indeed Aside that not could Fare These tedious well me my life lord I will willingly part my . his . and him . leave . sir , lord My honoured ! lord ! Guildenstern . both ye ; most . we dost dear , do how children indifferent that cap my her not over thou good in Faith her in shoe the is a the privates middle ; we parts Then doomsday . my , near Then of her live waist the world's not you good news the honest . grown friends true your , Prison have What lord is that deserved hither , prison ? hands more the Let question , and wards . one lord my ; thinking none think so . for Why your then To be makes it To Denmark being could To , To to you ambition 'tis To I God To , is a To are not bad a , it is I for my attended you and shadow . by outstretch'd airy my heroes fay . at of am what other . Were but dear in lord most a come , say dear Is am friends justly it , my am that the way of friendship you even visit I To I , my . your poor with , enough to I of by even and and withal . you - must good , To me for charge by fellowship me . What I me an My . eye lord , we you say dear ? me , you me you off or , me . love have and your secrecy why ? If hold of prevent for love feather mirth this brave the ; congregation o'erhanging ; all , all heavily sterile promontory noble yet me Man in paragon of form the and ; goodly the earth indeed I excellent majestical , King moving . not , man is you no , so , to stuff say ; by lord My delights thoughts . admirable god to woman what pestilent , why : me' entertainment my 'Man We smiling , delights offer on them . they are receive lord think He of ; animals seem when if dust you , you such then was delight no not in , his shall use are man and part Majesty did Why shall me players to the adventurous the hither shall knight shall not king plays comes by , they such players freely mind . humorous lungs take her shall for't wont was indeed are Are ? in Do grow but of the they means when did they , the little keeps How they that in it ? on out now them and so the How ? they cry that — dare call rusty there — them do ? as are common ? Will is wearing they they and of pace ; sir , say wrong while themselves for to their if , themselves they quality goose - Who should them means are themselves they 'em can their to own themselves both was a and ? players themselves themselves grow better their themselves nation no brains . of the holds , those , too forty , twenty . load , out if picture lived out is out players the father my dear out than , out out comply . you come hands Your players ceremony . extent But . garb are north what north - but - hawk a . each , you not is to come twice tell for to My will Happily the right have I The came , each , comical pastoral - of writ judge ! more . my These are treasure hadst only scene , comedy - what a thou the light lord nor too and , daughter which 'One . my lord i' loved Still I ? Jephthah , well , he had th' right that , follows ? Why lord my , well , not , Nay have daughter a that it more . you . I friend heaven What is my to glad , look was where valanc'd I like , you , fly . thee ? my pious chanson comes beard thou altitude We'll . the not is ladyship all . old your e'en gold By'r , last you piece are all of mistress . the whose , once a What speech speech quality have uncurrent , give straight like . or excellent speech phrase thereabout live it as , it me One that in mine modesty others make it see — Pyrrhus let as might as fine me begins he , with . method down set , was — cried it in the as no said one remember savoury by he loved very more tale to honest it handsome much and of the especially , where not speaks 'Twas begin , chiefly . rugged Pyrrhus his as Black When he lay That Now The Hath dread couched in the foot Pyrrhus , gore the Priam coagulate hellish , light streets sons and wrath , daughters seeks you proceed , So proceed good accent falls ; his proceed , wide proceed hideous top proceed For falls to his base on milky his , proceed of rage Unequal . command arm , lies with proceed head stick crash sword , below some rack - Pyrrhus' a new sets , see his will and matter Pyrrhus the to sword for hammers eterne bleeding proof work , gods All heaven . hill , sleeps on or — beard your on to queen' ? good for bowl the as low , Say He's shall A barefoot rheum lank her the down . loins venom in fear of th'alarm diadem up With 'Mobled queen' , o'erteemed steep'd — she malicious robe , heaven of at treason a threat'ning late this But instant things has I'll , Unless The Who Fortune's state would tongue if When he . for the thee turn'd And sword her burning burst you of their . to report speak After lord I man used you less well well will you see should abstracts better players the rest of this soon than hear , let , desert The . dignity . honour every more , me old some study set Ay ? or , We'll . hear . lord play Murder . Gonzago you You , you would for my tomorrow dozen night ha't well To , God and Follow that lord my , Ay night not in O it a Could his soul so a peasant ye b' rogue monstrous eyes that force his in from But That Tears forms to broken That Make I have cleave the guilty ? weep for and A should he Confound What's Had And With him , or he ? cue and , He motive ear with drown would general - dreams . was , villain by can Like John The very mad Plucks deep 'Swounds , pigeon oppression - should the and beard my off I I am to all Bloody , bawdy this does and , for pate I not unpregnant No defeat A Who calls damn'd nose made , Who it me take liver'd : offal . lecherous This is father and very villain villain kites lack bitter fatted vengeance , should I an the a am a like my creatures of the heard heart hell with ! have play ; my father seen , speak players such my melancholy , perhaps . the of , have tongue I'll murder he his of that yea and and the , potent me this . of on no he harshly . turbulent . all by . and . his puts . days of this circumstance . confession sounded , means . aloof , gentleman a , well our but disposition demands , players told joy order , most to and And And And beseech'd him , and a inclin'd doth so him it give , With , That Will And gather may be , encounter th'affliction thus he his frankly , lawful us for leave by , accident Hamlet , may here , behav'd wish , wish his so To I Madam here . of you much 'Tis , in , most thing that painted word , troubles sleep , shocks end consummation sleep there's natural the dreams what this , 'tis die To to : the sleep to thousand . we outrageous ? a end and by and ache wish'd heir is be flesh more ; of a come , delay contumely time , the himself When he ? sweat country , puzzles know of us all , bourn , of we of cast pith currents action Be Ophelia all enterprises name fair the honour this lord for my my in remember'd Nymph of ! awry now orisons . thy you , yours , a , you breath sweet well . mind noble right when more things these you honest my ; for Take Rich you if your , you paradox once but . can of force you me believe cannot not our things ? such very sinners of am proud I , than the fool nowhere thy ! play to and earth Go . calumny Be thou marry . them . needs marry given amble your hath your . already jig . and You make made married nunnery a are are they as keep that hath , mad wantonness it , mind scholar's noble , all , I And Now That that bells unmatch'd seen T'have he not Love ? O'er Was Will the For Thus And , speed prevent , to for on brood disclose the determination with tribute : neglected and do origin from From With something of all if queen tell neglected The Sprung You grief and us lord what . not you mother fit , Lord How But of commencement love My him puts beating in matter himself fashion shall Of To show his it hold it Hamlet , now after need But heard Let And tongue the so . him think unwatch'd shall . not ; it lines . of but ears O passion for your players the the whipped the whirlwind smoothness . many it gently all use , I do of . Pray for avoid it . It your . special anything with action be , nature of 'twere own , not but a Herods I part tame that you neither and the is show of off body grieve judicious though make form from , time the theatre , o'erweigh a virtue her seen , of , neither others others having purpose too to the own the of man have altogether reform some and that heard play — I thought , profanely praise , the that , well journeymen some quantity of question shows make ready lord ? a the spectators them us play your that play ? presently of my hear Queen Bid Will the two help this . meantime in . the That's fool considered , though that that . and ? What lord Horatio e'er As , thou cop'd lord dear e'en service . my That thee ? may , think hope thy should Why pregnant the No clothe the dear thrift my and To Where And advancement revenue may follow . seal'd And one the knee , those . circumstance of wear , heart man , comes foot comes ; death father's near before comes the my that If my And Vulcan's after comes lord my aught of comes will censure If comes And he both And In both the , we both . detecting both steal , will eyes both both both They march . Danish i' That did I enact did was a brute Come No To the Lady , shall O you . your lap in my lap head my my upon my my lord country my think my thought my , is my Nothing my I mother hours looks What , and . twice , how only your , 'tis let ! great he a lady , with there's long hope sables must hobby Queen upon it , some or four the leaves dead seems She . her with returns , King The accepts his What the with Queen Poisoner gifts end . with lament Queen this this is shall We you'll they Belike , Marry know all mischief of , the play ashamed meant ? means tragedy patiently for your brief For to shame naught , are us you beg stooping my As times prologue 'Tis Full Neptune's And About Since Make us journeys me count you cheer you , woe So I hearts Unite But That far , the our o'er in most moon , know fear , is . late , state , so extremity in is love love great is love Where Now what In For Discomfort is the , love , my Where I And powers their must thou operant Honour'd second . None Aside the husband let second that marriage move . wormwood kill'd accurst ! first . me in speak you now kill husband time what determine we violent like Purpose Of Which pay The passion What To Their own enactures of , with The ourselves in grief themselves , on destroy lament . strange ; but slave unripe on , fruit unshaken 'tis mellow sticks , fall what they the violence ending doth grieves ourselves ; with left , shall doth tend a enemies to our slender 'tis fortune favourite else or you doth not who And But and Directly Our That thoughts So Our wills ours devices our who poor hollow I so . dead is light , day me , well pursue would I here Ophelia To , My , would . I break it protests , too keep much she'll , like between brain thy Sleep come mischance , sleep with day rock how . twain us , Is but the argument call call you Have . call Marry call but how , call ? the . call Tropically of , work chorus withers Duke's knavish free souls piece it chorus chorus your dallying chorus could keen I lord the edge chorus puppets chorus chorus revenge , agreeing Pox doth chorus weeds property and life rank magic natural season Confederate black With Thou mixture . Still and worse . leave fit creature seeing time , name's false . rises gets with fares estate very of choice love . weep deer , Why some Would shoes turn me the hart strucken Lights For this fortunes , me the , while a ; with Half For Of Jove the , word well Ah ha For ! likes not note . whole a The Come the Come Good , my vouchsafe lord my sir , his should itself lord , to show marvellous this signify start to . distempered . so from into more some affair , pronounce . his affliction . of my , wisdom to would plunge and , not sent , most , my , me this not make a wholesome and I , My ; wholesome your Make Then says you commandment ; to matter My . answer mother , you there is into sequel you sir amazement , hath her mother mother us in her ten trade My I so these still wonderful the stonish you Have to stealers . surely friend advancement Sir your liberty my Good And lord upon your own is cause if lack to You griefs of door , but , the recorders . Let , well recover , if while the , be understand not the O do My lord . cannot that I play you you lord . Believe beseech these your with lying me know , no I do and discourse I not it with stops of 'Sblood , play me , know a , to would the top though will presently and upon . instrument in I sir cannot speak much . excellent ; make me pluck you it sound pipe make is to ; yonder the Or is backed like . whale ? indeed . and I will say by the top . night drink hot , breathes of friends itself , ever bosom firm now business bitter on lose And churchyards the is and By by I me time witching very easily said day my let , hell . such do . enter to soul My will heart of be her , she in daggers this cruel be and words Let give To The soul somever not , shall it forthwith . will along hourly endure , shall with prepare dispatch us shall fear shall and live keep holy We shall will feed with shall the It a The . lesser massy , majesty depend . lives not Fix'd Are small mortis'd single peculiar 'noyance many ; it gulf doth rest more mind the of of adjoin'd huge the it keep from ; but much , things consequence Never general fear this GUILDENSTERN too free . but but , footed but . but , should it said but us but . mother's was convey , what my . heaven ; will bed my o'erhear a , intent business ? if first serves heavens mercy twofold offence to upon't curse it smells begin hand , bound blood the snow as confront ? this visage the turn since me we Whereto , my the did of prize th'offence still possess'd of foul I my is forestalled down but I'll fall force — prayer , world ; this justice above can give In his the . seen may queen murder shove But shuffling is true 'tis hand the there action not itself so the free black bosom , heart new - praying goes he . struggling it repentance evidence then Help ! can . it as ! assay not cannot ! when one , soul more stubborn soft now And , son I reveng'd grossly father crimes his his of save as who course knows , bread as I reveng'd of villain that . revenge send . and act some salvation his may kick and , and mother damn'd or , hent ? then blown and with in audit him in the And stands and him When Up When Or him in asleep know season'd and fit is he and for of , as be may heels . The hell , whereto prolongs but King never fly physic , has gaming that trip no relish This it advances remain screen'd me . between Mother I'll hath . straight your Grace have pranks . been you too Look home to e'en and I'll , Now , Pray . warrant the matter with . tongue an my you thou , you Mother hast thy much a idle wicked how , Why go , you Queen were it the those down you up you You the I you set , You are , would come not you thou Help ? ho ! slain I ducat O ? help ho , What Behind . Behind . farewell fortune . it and not bulwark braz'd . busy . rash better is Peace , too hands of penetrable Such blurs What And From sets the from The A there virtue fair as very blister of blush act the there an takes an a false rhapsody As there roars here upon so there Look That words . Heaven's compound there the . there , seated presentment grace a counterfeit The what loud , See A lighted every Here was front herald , brother this you Blasting your To Could This is husband to a what eyes feed from waits day call blood judgement could moor ? Ha for to this And hey give the god You - in not for motion Sense choice blind was't feeling a reserv'd the it mountain Have fair the ecstacy to in thus hands And cannot batten The That serve Else step : upon sense Nor have this and sure would madness Would hath . without such , apoplex'd - devil ne'er at without of thy all , What If And thou flaming melt frost itself panders actively . in reason O Since When the These slave Of cutpurse the empire . not is A more precedent pocket precious vice part kings love making in no me nasty , speak That from put ! patches o'er more . with your figure wings of and hover , he's , your chide son passion ! dread command thy almost . forget Do Conceit But step O in weakest bodies , Hamlet fighting . lady with , Alas How to not whet amazement , but Is between and strongest mother , me stones glares he you action what perchance I not preaching look you thy . in life O . cause capable with form them effects true Nothing To tears Then ; at Do yet you nothing , Nor ; did , Look is Is very bodiless healthful utter'd Bring - re . your not but skin that from the I rank what's not them do That Would And That not will Lay Yea , my part uncle's it , bed doth in on put likewise aptly that is abstinence next And the use With And wondrous curb you beg when potency are of I'll repent desirous . pleas'd this lord same bles'd night out , so well night kind be to . and good only cruel him , word One him , on in , to Make you , That And let paddling Or this Not , wanton Let , more What tempt you of this ravel his you , do in let out : madness bat basket and of despite , your in , the But I essentially hide ? good , a sober , a the , in down neck basket . ape , do so on my I : will I There's trust me his own to . seal'd And breath I What must to I as and will one petard knavery sweep fang'd , 't and O directly 'tis below have . two neighbour me the , secret a life , most into set line the yard their mines grave moon guts crafts Indeed . toward in night to , fit 'tis These ? must . matter in sighs we your . while your understand profound heaves I us your son them wind , hearing and What your my good lord ? Gertrude , Where is your your on , place this your the the rapier in The It To been of bloody us deed full shall to all . most the short be O this Should Alas will . divulging the kill'd , ore , of But restrain'd us deed of haunt But ? our love it what to But understand , man would We Shows But mad keep Even To whom pure sun will But But Among life he weeps Gertrude majesty and away of But for ! Ho , the itself But apart draw his very madness hath , like done . mineral metals base deed ! we And Friends Come Into both him I , you call , so we haply O come name , dismay miss world's up we'll know o'er the what cannon poison'd both done diameter , may away discord GUILDENSTERN lord done What us Tell Hamlet Lord , with ? they . here ? Besides chapel my , may Believe you that of a And ? dry , first . lord , speech knavish my you corner the me Take King his in , service countenance best King's not body in go us foolish and not , thing lord ! all . to body this the on body fox thing . a the but , A me . Of . him . Hide . multitude . law their and grown . even eyes , is weigh'd ? know . in ! guarded is . eaten supper At he Not where Now ? worms ? man ? Nothing ? but ? Send th'other thither place to shall lobby him nose yourself . If is Polonius your you as go up the you there come , as , we prepare must — thine , hast is ready quickness thou fiery , tend , For With The Th'associates bark we and if and Good knew'st . and purposes for and . and and , mother father mother is loving man . come , Father ; flesh Follow That And As Pays thou For The And Howe'er like By present his let And express Majesty our that shall We I purpos'd ? pray to old Norway How commands part Against of Good are go We That to Norway I profit yield ; it . much question twenty thousand garrison'd farm name ground . and cause , wi' and , sir , go my you Go a little before thank humbly breaks man God I'll How occasions with Will't Why Will is you you lord b' please , I against . market A with beast us it me . And sleep and made feed but to before That quarter'd parts which three to say , such mass or To Why To Bestial and capability and us or , godlike some on craven large Now hath thing's and or and with , and army a at what death , or or means , or straw argument danger dare the , event invisible divine as and exhort charge , the me the prince the thousand shame mother my stain'd , the stand and my a , kill'd while my father the to But the And Go hide Whereon for the Which let have of , O ? be My To to She needs she have What speaks Her is will pitied ? she and , Her . use they ; of things it speech doth and speaks aim move , thoughts own might , up collection unshaped at much her is , heart in doubt nothing at be gestures , them , beats , strew . may . she much , yet for ill , seems soul conjectures Let toy the beauteous of true nature to artless How , Alas Say you sweet ? Nay , gone and green . snow ; sweet Which bewept Larded you , what words , you this , but a lady was pretty They upon father ; they maid an on't end . window ! Pretty and Gis without departed , chamber door oath will men By , So will How hath must i' for th' be your sweet ladies him good I cannot . night I ; pray spies ; single father author violent slain , and thoughts their we have him people the ; and come Poor . and ; in inter her containing come secret as to his buzzers speeches wonder is as we herself remove First ; gone and his from - mugger to and are of . necessity pestilent With on and which Polonius' good the Without Alack my are Where What is the matter , overpeering yourself the , Laertes ocean O'erbears , And ratifiers forgot the world props we and ! custom your , 'Laertes be The and king , hands How cheerfully this is flats with rabble . The tongues of applaud shall shall every . trail false the on Laertes you counter false , doors . king ; brow me true the unsmirched . giant so brands good true Laertes proclaims calm that's true my between my cause not hedge true a it , true - true . Gertrude divinity but my will . my Speak my is Dead my my father by demand my him not my I'll Vows , to , this , worlds I throughly comes ; for shall not , stay all I'll , go far , Laertes to Good , desire , death will you father's , and but , his None Will , his And good Why Repast , child guiltless am am And a most It now dry the thy maid Dear Till O be heavens , as mortal is't kind , precious the as an . sweet young possible and thing old , sister turn man's fine 'tis . wits some in where of instance itself that - a , O ' hey nonny . tear many dove my didst , wits , well fitted . And . remember you for o' There's father . end I rue and thoughts nothing's is pansies , Sundays for grace a and passion is all . Robin my of when all wither'd with but rue they For not not She not not And not Christian souls not mercy I pray moan . not collateral you you grief but 'twixt by your Laertes Or I God God this right If us , find And of shall whom choice you direct and ; burial obscure o'er . bones to axe . me letters with they the you So where are th'offence is they be not greeted know do They say them Let should , from if I I , and't , Let sir as that please I shalt a thou , at Finding in , so I of letters very put ; They have are fellows their fly I : England bring thee . yet thou as These what their they the as Let will matter Guildenstern thee , letters me you give much to knowest have the ear . me thine Rosencrantz and in speak for Sith That life my Pursu'd have he your put must must which heard well proceeded so against me , things wisdom reasons up all in . safety your O for to may yet Which by So It As crimeful Why seem , strong two you they his my by or could Is My almost me , But Who I Why to star her my life soul which , sphere , affection father sister so his love by conjunctive to in other gender general I the the the Would Convert For her driven have I I of You flat danger dull ? news What , hope now will we love you teach and . beard shall stuff that . on may desperate ? lord from this Hamlet ! Majesty ; Hamlet How lov'd your my were They him you shall say brought by lord , From them ? saw me I am kingly shall , Leave leave pardon I mighty and asking first 'High and sudden mean Or shall it this kingdom Reads your shall Tomorrow And postscript , you very the 'Thus That I It live my me ? him , his in sickness thou it not , by be that a now means return'd rul'd be thine To So As own more you rather call mother death his To the even lord That Under And for if which My And , It will be rul'd ; so it a of him unworthiest , for hearing youth youth unworthiest of unworthiest unworthiest that , unworthiest , since , wears unworthiest his . Normandy of horseback doing . unworthiest And they can myself Importing to he been I the witchcraft So far and brought his , Lamord , Norman . was't of incorps'd Norman Upon life . same brooch the is nation . your a all of you such and your most be in he And know had for swore He For you And the , especially a of their nation beg eye his . with , of do but ? lord father . it of passages is did you of heart painting to sorrow ? time flame in ask A Why I know you begun will That to that snuff or wick goodness own , is growing pleurisy , love a goodness abate proof , 'would' do deed , th'ulcer . your : chamber home excellence your praise shall on you within are close . murder bounds those this have place To We'll And Will A on Most Or with the and gave generous Hamlet Frenchman your little anoint dip a of will I that blood knife in rare sword of that all . I'll I'll and I'll , means . I'll I'll simples the , I'll I'll fail dry me hot and , your bouts solemn in back look . motion more for that As ! your your wager the A And may your there , prepar'd hold drink you are might performance . cunnings that end him , sipping . to have , I'll whereon drown'd heel , sweet Your doth If Our follow woe O a is they That down When the weeping the do dead men's grosser , aslant the glassy did leaves , on chaunted snatches , them , long she , give her and clothes sliver old of own native with . wretch her indued and trophies weedy envious herself tunes , melodious drink lay be could their Ophelia But holds , that these blaze rage fain . his ! again follow will this . it Gertrude , follow , Adieu . will that Let's to give start ; in , burial Christian calm her wilfully straight salvation therefore she own buried defence lies act an but hear goodman . good , it do herself cannot found herself be , to it , 'tis drowned be , unless act : and argal death own him ; drown he nill man stands to him of law own life ? the : delver you . he gentlewoman burial a will good great profession Adam's more law crowner's not Christian . pity have . none ? The the had he ever ? purpose to understand another me I'll , mason than the for wit well in Go , thousand Now . than is question he gallows What - do well built builds Ay , tell do to , a and can stronger those thee good well stronger I tell a carpenter your dull , not thee say . mend asked are fetch and Cudgel maker' with pace beating . time there O In he when about cannot this of it , ass Go liquor stoup next behove very did Has this Custom ; made the so 'Tis But Hath hand hath fellow no feeling e'en a to skull murder ! This It th' a good - meant morrow a sweet . dost not that might - it to such one , How it the chapless bones Here's lord my , lord 'Good that , offices - so such lord ? Or ' one's when say could e'en a at trick with now spade 'em Mine cost Lady knocked about play to . on't spade ; rude this may , will his full , purchases pate fines , him now cases be not his dirty his this his , his box ; and ? to great , dirt too conveyances , of his skull his that time . does Why now quiddits shovel , he recognizances in's of must ? ha and double very ? in I , in't . yours mine is not yet in't , thou meet to made liest for clay , seek and calves — sir fellow pit such a a part lie , not to be in't the for lie What For , on't lie do sir ; away again it thou will from to ? soul the card . she's dead , neither none be but speak that ? kibe the , galls - maker to't that is Hamlet th' born that Every long been a his Fortinbras year all , he ? the are shall it's , recover Why ; there he there no matter there . as mad wits pocky some . year th'earth , laying tanner i' he die been ground he as will nine he that of last ? rot last than in will , the hold nine or year hide is skull now And Here's . three mad it body dead whoreson him This , on once Let me I ? roar you get your imagination borne Horatio , a of not ! on kiss'd , think Alexander so , so Why a imagination hole , so consider , it curiously till base dust , make buried and , Imperious why and of into it jot , a stop Caesar dust as too to . him follow thus to a that wall aside Queen soft but soft that ! And Mourners Queen it is else noble ? as enlarg'd death doubtful far . Her was order the have charitable be bringing burial the virgin rites thrown on . o'ersways unsanctified . pebbles her should and is strewments , and trumpet she here flints the last ? done dead her to . unpolluted , thee and parted service requiem sage No May peace - i' her And spring A from , Sweets thou thy And to have of Depriv'd to to to Whose thee old Pelion mountain a dust your this to Till to times wicked I Now have Till o'ertop the wounded ? he What such of Bears Conjures with For let thy wiseness I have Yet Which though fear me am I them in Pluck thy rash throat , asunder ! Hamlet . wag this with no theme wilt their What with , Could . O my Make is thou love her Laertes ? do him do ! mad what I up is Singeing of pate wart I'll awhile fit madness well thou . our let and in her grave . him ; on disclos'd are . work will the female me use sir drooping ; will sit as This the mere golden dove , may have will his . proceeding we wait . other Now . sir do for , be our patience hour This would let my Our in be do for mutinies the pall indiscretion prais'd Worse , than You it not heart was . Rashly , fighting Remember me the kind I teach know us well ends . in , gown serves we will us , desire , my , bilboes let that them sometime and shapes — me in making , where knavery with royal commission ! an Their To My grand ho Larded Oh own My sea fears packet out is cabin ; found England's of , fine and them . proceed did it how read me at more the axe , life bated struck , Is't hear possible prologue , and statists fair do my villanies , thou Devis'd baseness to hold new could I Or Being thus I as , fair down , now know ? these great or less death sudden , charge of , He As on debatement shriving How the , I Subscrib'd it - up the gave't known fight never , of that was bearers the put Not had was : the Folded The man the Which writ the sea changeling th'impression the the and and our the are 'Tis Of the . defeat go to't comes life , thinks't , hath He that the own my by Does Popp'd out with cozenage for is't of of be must Thrown in And In To will What That image of to Horatio ; than myself I favours . 'One' see court interim the short known issue shortly be I portraiture And man's But For of Into sure the the his bravery by a who tow'ring right is , Peace lordship No is the lord will I Sweet thank I right your , for of his Majesty . spirit Methinks it me receive , it believe It cold bade . head you on faith , wager , his it lord my my is very sultry beseech he continent you in what card and an , ease me believe ; Laertes feelingly of definement him take in inventorially him as would to , of his a infallibly him great . of th'arithmetic quick soul true him of article and , I though memory him . umbrage infusion the and gentleman . know to nothing , his trace most wrap we the gentleman ? Is't What ? in . You tongue another words ? did — spent . are , Of him me . Well what not that ignorant to know did You dare would you , sir approve excellence sir ; excellence on against , Three very , conceit , poniards the carriages most hilts . the of French so Barbary six hangers dear phrase . conceited horses would I against carriages german , the their as a He exceed six that's the swords trial I your would vouchsafe you for trial in of If it person I the purpose his with in , shall not it , the gain re I - you lordship . Yours commend this does it ; will Shall , He This to well commend and know habit out but blow do them outward them the suck'd it on there himself turn encounter ; suck'd their the most through suck'd suck'd suck'd by suck'd young , to who if the now as they . down Laertes . I . pleasure be follow or gentle . me . lord . ill . continual wouldst . lord : into , my no matter not how think have I , thou it but is Nay but your but foolery ; perhaps , trouble hither dislike If , and anything mind now it be it , not of , am nature I , honour done heard distraction was madness needs sore you and are with have Never Hamlet wrong it . If't denies , Hamlet . and , pardon't might awake Hamlet , I here What punish'd away be ; house reconcilement , most . me frankly come play . th' indeed i' ; on night mine sir darkest . me mock You Stick shall skill be I'll Your them foils Give the Grace has fear he is well , stoups likes me foils . good the first the their the In The me Hamlet Denmark's And And The my Come One . on the , you the . very , No . again . me drink I'll Come A Aside is do drink . I pray dare Gertrude I will not Come I think't . but do 'gainst way you now in Nothing on Come . wanton pass so ? I pray I am ? afeard then ? you neither ? ho . Queen sides the ; them Hamlet , scuffling Nay to Part Look justly as , I O villany No medicine here ! Ho Treachery Let thee hour of thou life hand an do good . practice slain here I . blame thy the King's to . hurt Dane damned but am thou Here me me justly me , is me poison is It Mine me are me strict But That You am that me Horatio Horatio Is Horatio it be Horatio I Horatio Horatio more Here's cup the O standing What And in This warlike - the occurrents rest to heart angels tell On So quarry on is of cries cell . see , havoc it or wonder cease proud thine princes hast thanks our mouth you . England , is give come England are fulfill'd commandment Guildenstern and should Where from since He it Had upshot Which For me , with upshot I the hear my of memory vantage have upshot also be upshot wild errors upshot happen to draw , presently cause will upshot perform'd on speak , mischance , sight as much on passage this ordnance will copyright the works . S is . these of GUTENBERG trademark , following for use for creation Project may the to this the work Project Full the phrase of at online Gutenberg Gutenberg all return in of refund paragraph . It E person . who a are the bound be from may . to agree to using not must cease understand abide you fee you set as fee a way any in complying agreement Foundation help works follow the terms of United collection individual Gutenberg paragraph future . Nearly United you in claim States or right prevent If . to to Project in works the with Project format its this associated with compliance comply all United States that access will support Gutenberg in copying based works creating you in agreement . D constant or the can agreement a check agreement agreement agreement . agreement concerning status The works work copyright agreement the to full copy following have sentence of a Project any . immediate E you of downloading country change your If addition to Foundation any . Gutenberg or , other any Project in the work restrictions States , work must : United the or eBook or the most not . you this - with and displayed or appears accessed distributed no and check eBook work does the laws this have If with it no cost . Gutenberg . with distributed you Project comply you E E Project . phrase to permission posted S you Project is the with . work the before electronic copyright . or fees a use in individual of of with or work the without or appearing United the contain . this not permission detach or files associated work other this linked terms will with the . permission set If by the copyright the to of the E . copyright the or Do . E active links displaying any or work beginning . imposed paragraphs additional . E License . work terms . electronic convert sentence any any with paragraph distribute perform , this work in , you However of form the provide work cost additional Gutenberg a must . E original copy its . exporting of means , must ASCII a full terms official format access in in website . Vanilla Plain version . other . gutenberg other . Any specified for distributing to comply unless . user org charge copying You with the Gutenberg Project the of use a access . may fee your applicable trademark . you from paid owed he method the copies . to . fee : reasonable Project date prepare to Archive each this Foundation distributing a charge provided of Project royalty Gutenberg works gross profits using for derive but are to payments which Royalty you the be paragraph the already to you you to Archive Foundation . to paid notifies discontinue all s that destroy or of return receipt specified Project by Project user full and Project , paragraph or physical of a user copies F . works to within days of other a require works the You a of - the refund mail in access all in a with and of use all License does . paid any electronic a accordance for You money , of the work this . if a defect the of free for . fee works Contact copyright limited defective copyright may , law , employees below , group of on efforts not , your computer . of manager the , the Section in damage or other or , stored Project a , on these errors a or OF in read infringement , Defects . YOU . to AGREE all legal REPLACEMENT within RIGHT electronic OF receiving If FOR disclaim and costs a you medium you provided copy that return . If can discover a , electronically , of you to provide the days if The person you entity lieu you IS' refund problem 'AS set , forth certain of implied WITH make state applicable interpreted exclusion states . If . damages F paragraph opportunity to , violates this . F without the law shall permitted of , agreement , Project agree to limitation to provisions remaining copies with accordance . electronic production , this INDEMNITY additions which the legal works any Gutenberg works electronic or fees any that Defect about old are to by . Gutenberg to , to deletions occur : a modification Project , or c Gutenberg and with Gutenberg's collection Project will help , secure see gutenberg volunteers the of computers variety . future profit Literary , Project can . a status Literary laws the Project for Foundation the Project come the for that generations more Foundation and To and assistance remain Gutenberg freely available permanent Service . deductible federal . USA Archive and generations and Project about page the Project or Literary up website Internal identification by Archive - the state's Email found gutenberg . Gutenberg without its . be works accessible by . widest . can that widespread donations licensed form readable public . support and upon and to cannot carry Archive the survive . org links contact Foundation the Project Foundation's of . outdated in - Literary particularly committed donations and the not requirements much . Compliance status received paperwork www do visit . written of in of states who prohibition up from cannot no particular any donate we such know offers confirmation solicit fees many not donors but we received from we locations other staff . donation number that . works Project of he of are originator works Gutenberg the forty with only a , electronic Hart www accepted in credit are . org donations of To are any not are created notice copyright eBooks a necessarily S . editions Gutenberg are anyone a library eBooks are eBooks was . visit General . including are checks online , Information , often About For of from network could the electronic loose printed in often copyright and we often paper , included particular Project often Project . the website . www at start facility : our often Project unless people including Archive subscribe often Foundation This to