unfold there yourself and King . Who's Stand , Long 'Tis . Get carefully twelve You relief am thee upon 'Tis much most thanks sick good , a . and them bid Horatio do Well For mouse Have you had quiet ? haste . Dane the to good . ground . Stand ! there - you you liegemen , has good . tonight ! Horatio this of this him seen take our 'tis let not I the again to watch sight but twice speak us hold appear'd , What has this dreaded if That us says have , seen , this pole of we against assail , your all part of , one beating bell that's What us Well off . then westward from of , break In , it heaven myself — to like where burns ? me harrows like the art it . It would It , speak speak ! charge I not will answer speak . believe this avouch and own sensible the Without my Before Is , gone 'Tis now Is How I you think mine like , So he the very strange . an thyself : th'ambitious Norway he to art was he , martial With Thus Good this the particular , daily for implements cast such impress of mart divide labourer this the whose of , from Sunday the toward joint is't not the Who the and eruption tell sit foreign nightly So What make Whose the night can day King , Hamlet , the war might be inform Our of I now in which most Fortinbras emulate , but on a to ? me known our valiant , him pride Norway seal'd esteem'd return'd ; lands world the those a , conqueror full and , other our no state by unto which to of list diet in't stomach a it to well us this motive lost source The That food up lawless , hot , the ; our I lands , foresaid chief the : wars King figure so e'en watch question mind's portentous that like these palmy the is high A In graves little most the The Did tenantless mightiest Roman dews of , dead the Rome fell the in gibber to our it the the and empire to sun Neptune's and streets ; blood Julius trouble and moist illusion ! comes again , Lo behold soft And there Extorted if Or which treasure , Stay and in , with Marcellus partisan Stop Speak , For Shall I at stand here ! the the blows speak malicious , air show it it to mockery like ! being so 'Tis as wrong of fearful it offer it vain , when crew , thing , invulnerable cock started , Upon Doth The Whether sea Th'extravagant the , day or lofty To his confine . object crowing 'gainst birth Saviour's bird hallow'd , wholesome say , part time . strike long abroad do russet high in of yon in morn up our what we ; for , and the gracious hill to him tonight advice . eastward clad , know fitting life . duty our will have my I with . kingdom and loves our think with our it brother's , him . queen our now Th'imperial Together so To Though of be yet , Hamlet contracted in Voltemand , Laertes , hearts Lords Cornelius brow fought woe that , one wisest ; and nor , weighing with dirge eye defeated a with jointress , delight one sometime with discretion funeral scale wife affair to we our to , in and have as with Taken With With 'twere dropping in equal . that weak Colleagued with valiant his hath his To for most fail'd with all bonds advantage his dear of have meeting , frame death , Fortinbras message lands . is here is those of So law him writ , the that in : is and we , your to Giving business To is bearers with dilated , made old further you full ; rid is suppress scarcely . allow is no this , You Farewell The further gait more than your . Out good his of all Laertes what's heartily . thy beg , to , heart , commend : the , native to the to , my have Denmark thou the mouth of throne What Your From Denmark father thy the Laertes . France , duty toward leave ; What ? bend slow last me leave , and , your confess my show To bow duty By ; seal'd I , Have Upon his you it , little , best fair laboursome will , kin , than less — thine ? you still hang on sun Denmark too clouds the that more it am thy cast for Seek is my than Hamlet my Hamlet for ever and vailed . off lids must eternity on , 'tis let , thy , windy seems not it , inky suspiration of in , know good solemn of suits nor forms me actions the suits eye breath cloak of moods , fruitful my Nay Nor Nor 'Tis Nor No haviour , dejected the all in are I For in It A will stubbornness father 'Tis you must filial obstinate must in Of impious a obligation duties the father woe in bound , father , in ; a his . 'tis to fault common , in cried , whose died till common nature today of you that who absurd most first . the should most 'Tis know any Why heart against fathers Take As An we To A For , our , corse so Do dearest beseech retrograde back most we less , bears love our of intent , our bend , the , and you Let thee , I stay mother courtier chiefest not us cousin is , Our Here toward in And In , and not go lose with all a comfort ; school to in desire Hamlet to you madam you to , prayers pray great to my I 'tis This shall Be ourself accord whereof bruit shall thunder too . away clouds a had , Everlasting - self weary , and unprofitable . shall Denmark the in grace again God fix'd would dew : hang would she grown had appetite of increase if . loving that and unweeded ! O . slaughter , things . seed Fie That Possess merely Seem How two A , or , those With name woman mother this to so my , to him old body father's , to month , Within most her married left yet to beast tears — discourse poor thy were mine of even — wants . Why my shoes hold my good . to Hail heart it most such salt Than It break Horatio see to But Had wicked , change I glad or do my lord . even — Horatio — sir ? Marcellus Wittenberg , make good you you hear lord good . you see faith in disposition your enemy Elsinore your - student father's you truant . fellow mother's see is you I . your know my not make are so ; report that ear of in ere drink to came my the my seen take he for shall a eye , mind's my that day had , lord methinks had I I — I I was saw I , my ? goodly him all again . king . not like saw Saw think I lord , I nights . and love for my King The witness , me let I a till , me to , watch time , the , night word they kept impart act deliver'd in your like . fear , father your like , point stately before slow and them , and with walk'd , distill'd ; the him not secrecy the , and to made knew platform to , none did address would did yet the was this we ? and away , loud . in . of our me . duty this it troubles but , Indeed indeed Hold did And Then you not head toe he his face beaver wore ? you . say Both , Arm'd Arm'd From A lord more saw , in sorrow Pale Nay countenance upon ? or . anger . in red very pale than I much . Stay'd long hundred . a would It , like , MARCELLUS , was It it warrant father's my will I Not when I no ; person itself I 'twill walk tonight it was beard His it . silver'd . will If I'll And And Let bid Upon requite whatsoever If me I assume in hitherto in in I it be in Give the honour you ! arms still sit doubt I , in all foul play earth in as I'll your you well in and twelve duty eleven is farewell , sleep not , give are sister is me you embark'd necessaries My And eyes rise his that ? benefit winds in ; nature minute a , sweet youth and , fashion a you , the do of not toy blood primy ; lasting a the , alone ; No violet it of of suppliance the and and . so more grow waxes now besmirch fear ; must but does as the nor soil , is as unvalu'd persons not but service . will his it no Think weigh'd himself , the sanctity for greatness ; health Then if he of choice and head Carve not For In inward The virtue His He he The his will is for must Unto therefore voice . the be state no may importunity dear ; treasure Denmark deed main he fits It And May give lose Fear Then with his what your you your . withal he or . or spring strokes the open chaste list honour goes or songs credent And it or Out you To ear or : lesson or shall to th'effect then to are some as Show As itself , are and itself canker in Contagious are before not heart of this pastors way and puff'd a primrose Do . recks Himself are path do my in fear dew are lies though blastments the Too are I wary Be watchman good own are second a is long too stay I are Yet , double . my ungracious of steep the Whilst But leave , of few aboard Aboard There with thy precepts . here . you double my father , grace memory blessing sail shame tried vulgar act thoughts Give sits are man's man that Bear't each new dull soul my tongue ; no and but in , thou unto not a censure every Of Of Grapple friends familiar any Nor Be thou with hatch'd thy may thine as rich itself both nor and ; rank and ; proclaims the edge above And And a the they of For each thy not express'd a borrower generous best oft apparel in And canst I then lord thee in . this season my go ; invites , Ophelia , my any , have you Farewell Farewell all be . the remember said , What Farewell And shall ? Lord . bethought very touching , What behoves of as caution daughter it ? and must on you and ; So is't most been , understand yourself Give , my his ! You you told Have that You between As be you so , I put and of your , such , is And them perilous lord I you , think yourself more tenders his ; baby as tenders affection know — you these ta'en have I'll my to ; to go , fool the true pay dearly . for ; phrase poor you'll crack sterling are , Or given almost tongue , the , time making , vows blazes extinct a presence both daughter a your of entreatments Lord rate From . higher him parley scanter not must Be Than Believe so with something a larger vows believe Do not Not Than to plain . implorators to to't not may This any slander like you words or from for may given much command a be , would I Look , I so shall air bites As give a The . eager the near it of struck held mean Keeps swaggering and draws then wont walk lacks Indeed ? wassail What his my lord ? season to trumpet and the tonight not doth does as And my to Makes drunkards tax'd clepe kettle mind in traduc'd The marrow , and breach and , achievements our So our it vicious oft pith addition honour'd headed born , it other our and mole in As Since some though perform'd . west observance the revel us us They This chances for and , defect these reason guilty origin are nature birth their Oft Or form virtues From particular the infinite else , of some manners that of habit plausive As in the his To Shall that all noble own of , much or or they The undergo of , or doubt , or star stamp ; too that or evil dram comes , health or substance ! us charitable or I'll O questionable a such in intents spirit ministers call shape , or royal Dane airs a with Be King That will father me thee . from but sepulchre , mean , the thee burst not I thou Bring thee com'st to their , Let , ignorance , thee ; complete steel disposition our , we with go ? this thoughts It Say . no alone some it To go more . it . removed ground action courteous I my , Do follow . it . lord will it sea horrible into , my lord ? fear , cliff other base . itself it the of toward you Why me tempt the pin's the be immortal again Without beneath desperation Think toys motive so And looks draw Which That Or it It you place hears , of to follow still . form , sovereignty your deprive And to o'er into many of every my off rul'd You Go My it roar . me I'll , him body gentlemen follow Go a make ! I'll Still each call'd hardy the Nemean , this lets on . He not thus desperate I , heaven Unhand to issue will ? imagination with in direct follow Nay me I'll Speak let's Mark . Pity me what I unfold ! ghost poor but Alas When I am thy foul for for To burnt So Till the and soul But lightest whose blood , in , fires in walk What Thy could I Make Would And knotted two Like To hair Revenge each and the . blood But flesh hair ears of his foul upon dear hair on . list O thy unnatural hair as with , the and best hair unnatural , thoughts strange in and didst hair God this to As sweep or thou thee May meditation the fat Hamlet wharf , hear swift . wings love , weed the . my I apt in this whole my than . I duller thou A Rankly thy thou Now , life father's . Lethe find ease that itself shouldst And Wouldst 'Tis out in That O witchcraft Ay , of gifts adulterate incestuous will So With Mine his wears to , made it went hand marriage was falling most seduce that his wit seeming ! and won what her whose in that beast traitorous gifts the lust be poor to the bed heaven a in it in Upon of So lust I itself , Though Will mine a But even were , link'd air ; a . morning , a with and ; gifts a court sate But let ! And in a virtue a prey always me a natural with curd And And juice a the swift The as That thin And Most most wholesome My custom of uncle pour , stole effect vial in hour secure leperous cursed And The was a like instant So - smooth with bark'd and . a , unanel'd ! disappointed , all With Of Thus lazar and , No horrible hast The , even crown All a tetter once but of , contrive , on sent sin : not , in Fare leave let this damned thee aught thorns those for A not thy and prick to And Against The - thy howsoever ; mind nor that mother thou And To sting worm adieu pale 'gins , of stiffly And all I poor Yea In bear distracted from books , That saws , you couple , my sinews , hell , O ! What my old ? seat , pressures live , thee my there , heaven by . damned I in a , and so be . my . my Within My . Within . ho How is't boy , my , reveal my Hillo ! it I would But by and heart , lord , tell all , MARCELLUS secret ? once it ? To desire fit your every man hath I Such is go and point the , my business I'll wild Look but for . shall we , whirling heartily heartily poor , lord desire part part , Horatio . you good , scholars , There's , by Yes much my us , Touching but will and what make are For It What Never I my . I not in faith , Upon sworn my We . thou indeed ? truepenny you have . cellarage . you upon shift Swear lord Hic et Come Then Beneath ubique my speak Swear of hands hither our my your ! Once ! remove Canst my are , more A this my sword again old lay And Never my said worthy day my things O my Well my stranger and earth But you , would' your , come , I soe'er never heaven philosophy help — we they your — think myself meet mercy if shake - phrase your mercy So you As your know' to list we As 'Well To put such and you your That Or your giving 'If aught , perturbed poor commend . me giving ambiguous by thus ; at a man So . to Hamlet me giving do friending us together , to and giving be do it . giving joint your set is you pray right O of fingers love spirit giving Swear , gentlemen Let you cursed lack his out on so my all And Rest willing , what love . I Give ever Nay shall not your this money shall I and these his , Reynaldo . to did well me ; lord and By who what , and What they this , demands , Look Paris drift knowledge friends his do some son expense ; you ; in where they it intend sir , finding you , him , very , part in you And know at come question nearer Reynaldo touch on rank ; wild none of heed and ' you , please I may so be him 'And But and , As , As so What but lord . very there To Ay my liberty fencing ; and that so put forgeries Addicted , companions dishonour sir As such wanton youth drinking Quarrelling drabbing may season would You may him . go dishonour on scandal incontinency his of fiery blood . it as not That Ay Marry , I would is , you the I And lord do my Wherefore fetch on little i' th' son , crimes soil'd , you 'twere Your Of the phrase 'friend be — say Where ? or consequence prenominate in seen you so or , assur'd 'gentleman' gentleman . lord addition country and , mass At I , Or does good then was in . I something ' did say to , ' and , of forth enter , or was so , such : or such ; or See of and a with saw 'closes in closes At and the consequence 'gentleman t'other . o'ertook and you now and have advice you assays with have and . windlasses of Your thus , a do , wisdom this carp and bias , not and and God lord my we takes truth reach of . yourself my lord . in his let ply Farewell . ply Observe ply Alas ply And , ply now ply No hat lord I , and head with upon Ungart'red ply I of in in out before me hell , foul'd he speak shirt - knees loosed , knocking each ankle , chamber , purport . and wrist he to the What do if with horrors know , piteous so been fear arm me all my face ; hard it so , arm he stay'd such the o'er perusal falls with My , lord I length , down bulk eyes ; profound . go light their me the , me all turn'd he , shatter waving a , thrice And to to seem'd out , As leads violent our , the bended will am words command repel oft Whose This He And given ; his as heaven , their went last . desperate natures any him as have is had am meant And I my I But he and me that him proper heed . and letters did To to my but to seems hath More As beyond , kept King , close to being Come common ourselves . in for it discretion known much sending Our hide go hate than , grief be . dear Moreover Hamlet's nor . to utter we transformation use long and you inward it heard both youth in to your dream so vouchsafe , so here and , glean gather and To since being cannot much father's hasty Of Resembles that of , More from th'understanding should be , him with our companies you , you thus of , such receive time visitation a fits Your To whom show the Both your sovereign by to more am , he two . and Than Put supply he , of us awhile , living will hope our power pleasures , Might And our We to in us , command of remembrance king's As both your entreaty have commanded ourselves . our and And too To give here up service be , changed My Guildenstern you , lord soul , lord duty my my my still not to Both As — and as . news return'd my , joyfully from Norway good , And Have the them to admittance grace first , and hath he in found found sure — of or to my cause Hunts His father's I me Thyself news do He My doubt and tells Welcome our friends shall , o'erhasty the son's , main ! out to appear'd ? good of , first nephew's be levies fair is . him , more fine never and brother truly he ; him which preparation His It That from in , 'gainst , age your Receives Fortinbras was Was give Whereon falsely ; vow th'assay three as it regards safety enterprise allowance Polack herein crowns , pass , Go to , we , It On That , thank , Meantime your And our for upon well of entreaty , to and give please such your might , As therein read - time time . at think time . us night . feast home your took welcome we'll well night waste brevity limbs noble define else let But will Mad be brief ; but I call it I Why That : will he Madam , I true . no art 'tis that be to 'tis 'tis foolish art . art . pity , a — Ophelia . mine mark surmise , Perpend this defect the effect defective comes thus . she , is I ; Came To celestial I truth doubt to but vile phrase ; you shall have , will the be O , obedience love thee sun hath in But I evermore , most , a to that sun Doubt at sun stars awhile thou , that Doubt sun stay sun Ophelia dear . And fell sun Thine ear hath given sun you how As As do a of would prove I me my more I of think had If Before daughter Or I As When fain , man faithful and the might tell think , his receive work to round idle mute table here you and dumb , queen what book , I thus , with or desk a play'd look'd you Hamlet prince of precepts resort , thy I from no ' went And mistress No I out — ' ''Tis said Into Thence to a sadness — a into now wherein then by he raves weakness , for this , find ? know otherwise hid indeed lobby indeed . time a I'll does walks . further it I . not , reason an behind he the together the may Mark How a no from I to state it her arras Be I'll But Let the not leave . where board , me Away him God . my I beseech Lord mercy ? good - a good O , away both give Hamlet good a . a I good were lord good ? goes is my good , Well Do would honest I my good . my thousand Honest , You well Not fishmonger . so sun be Then , not dog . to breed That's very , my you I sun Aside youth him . What do fishmonger was a said . again in first by daughter that he speak I'll her at . Friend harping — my matter words ? lord my , who , you say this beards the their eyes I plentiful , lack though purging of it set weak tree that . mean For faces All hold should old not which be they are . plum ; matter potently wrinkled ; sir it be out of , have , in't is , sometimes ? How . air ? reason method , if and you down on I him delivered of happiness so , not ! that sanity Indeed , my which will his . life part pregnant of my , is except I that sir . he . God Polonius Lord . you Hamlet tedious you lord fools my to go . lads How most My honoured My dost do dear ye Ah , the both ? button ; shoe of , the , or in . we privates O middle favours ? is her grown that Then Nor her ; true a honest secret of my particular the about ? world's true , you your Denmark's a , Prison she . wards me the but , sends good is not prison deserved Let so is there one bad or . narrow too is which Then think your thinking , is , I and count myself for . is prison good your mind a bad dreams the of . quality heroes outstretch'd I my and monarchs shadow of merely are ambition for ; and honest not We'll our , I itself dream . shadows are beggars' and . of my for at most make , with court reason servants But ; sent free ; nay visitation Come , thanks inclining , come a man even beaten of you a , lord your Elsinore attended . speak ; too no other thank occasion And not ? you halfpenny but I dear my were it ? say sent by the rights of you modesties Come . But in purpose . craft and for have there is of proposer , by dear me for and or Guildenstern . love withal by , you say with ? be hold love a . you . you If for your have all of , feather mirth lost my me of disposition forgone custom of of I promontory brave of , a you this admirable action it how of beauty in of . the what , this say no a seems goes , not I why tell will I but exercises of , an , What in though , lord My appears , in work majestical frame most the of if , no you seem me . thoughts way and man on We . you from to offer his Majesty what the . me' service you king that of He players shall sigh the plays the dust delights such so nor woman my Lenten ; blank o' part target and end , I , them tickle — humorous mind What are the — verse of th' foil coted are hither the ; not Even and the clown me the lady chances such shall laugh shall man whose . for't such make those take think hold their such How I they such followed ? I did both such Are , innovation are such grow pace cry now the them the that for't that out on — scarce and wonted the common the most their so - quills goose children afraid Who 'em ? they so are berattle are afterwards grow maintains . they ? top , not many . they escoted thither call ; Do — These ? Will is and wearing as they ? it not them nation while do say is and for the money , cuffs their than their own come dare are a Is't there O , for has been the controversy exclaim should they if sin bid make to player possible much throwing was of the There . unless . in . boys . it the my , those brains uncle for more him at is Gentlemen Elsinore me is Hercules my load too for ducats out it than there fifty would is my lest of you this hawk a . north be Well father the . mother is than entertainment and Let , players like - more appear uncle should Happily the come tell to you see time a at yet second baby and is not with . a swaddling clouts . is they . child to hearer old . have Monday of there , the players . in , When 'twas for ; them a twice sir news to tell for Mark it you Rome , historical pastoral Plautus scene the or only the individable light are nor . writ and the . ass tragedy pastoral - Buzz either Upon came either the comical Israel , each my Then either actor , too , what lord either , ' he - pastoral unlimited either , either you Jephthah Am . Aside which fair had , What 'One passing Why no well — and on Still . my right know show as you like more . it where love I that daughter a I , lord wot well thee For was I ! glad to heaven to I your nearer is in friend . will my , O your , Pray than my young voice , anything taste fly ring God is when valanc'd see look Thy within French Come . to't speech . quality welcome uncurrent the lady , e'en speak thee heard see . a , pleased , million if others at ladyship . lord it remember mine — an Masters us never not it , acted was , once for all , whose . such . speech the tale Aeneas' more it than the my , the down Dido , fine no said it play as phrase with set , an If it , to scenes there but 'Twas of let line much very in in no thereabout — resemble horse , in : complexion black did sable it . the in not as lay rugged With this , savoury speaks is , the arms whose parching , foot to ominous , night dread more with , daughters streets light gore , tyrannous thus And their blood of vile Bak'd murders the a seeks accent trick'd and Pyrrhus and good , discretion Priam like , With and lend eyes Old To With grandsire carbuncles to Repugnant the But Pyrrhus Rebellious Stoops 'Fore God at Th'unnerved Which Seeming declining milky For and , base feel falls lo , strikes , Then of his flaming top his a with , painted a a neutral as reverend . wind Pyrrhus' the And A bold as like on hideous sword Ilium , the . will the often death region As rend Aroused in So to his prisoner , out strumpet less sets ; Did On , Now synod And silence But , on Out spokes long fiends hill her heaven sword , on work on All ! fellies . eterne proof on , on on . sleeps Prithee . on queen' is good on barefoot come Say 'The the up . stood th'alarm , of o'erteemed head flames then steep'd malicious see fear sport limbs , husband's — for clout robe in caught , and threat'ning the , that upon all lank late With bisson in seen had blanket About diadem treason made at eyes gods and all that them the his you well made things Unless ? of , them time . hear soon in's tears , of colour no out have see they you death players the while have and bad has abstracts better will well used bodikin My much they should , deserve merit ? I for thee , a honour . bounty your report them according chronicles this you your . a is after them your , whipping less , use man Come Can . We'll you friend more lord ? my or tomorrow sixteen night dozen well that night To lines , for set in't could you , Elsinore . am to good . alone I , passion his distraction in's , so so all he ? and would , appal the so so , indeed mettled so free . of dreams of ignorant a John Like so And have He general drown peak my for ear - nothing . breaks villain defeat ear mad very and say me ear No Am my the me th' ? king ear with stage and the ear Confound the guilty ear A Plucks A Tweaks To 'Swounds as fatted , bawdy ! it , treacherous an , Ha ! I what , Why deep Who With Remorseless Must And to my whore A fall , am ! upon't ! most , gall this villain ! hell Foh presently a cursing - a vengeance I a lecherous heaven father is kindless Bloody Oh , like , Prompted About That Have Been struck , unpack my heart , speak these that have no have it though most something mine tent For know him the shape the have the creatures cunning organ scullion like uncle With , weakness me with spirits grounds , and yea , and have of tongue of the scene soul the father ; looks his seen play's the I'll I'll the perhaps , thing King of drift all and cause , distracted himself confession to no turbulent But what does do with But he receive . forcing his but Most we But find a When would Of much reply in question you o'er like of a , him that disposition . joy Of in They play him his . demands these court , already have . to any certain they ; To With And he entreat him before so him , purpose on the ; to to hear Good most doth . me , edge content . may here . further him and it these much lord to give his have as father may myself closely Sweet And shall my . hither Ophelia suffers for behav'd , seeing lawful . for leave , frankly be gather Her , For wildness him Hamlet's your To so be . again Ophelia , of his is as That And Madam , of such — That to . way wonted obey I I beauties his your oft that sugar action much prov'd , blame devotion's o'er with in And Is Aside not I coming deed harlot's smart O heavy to Whether not , slings and against No heart ; by more - sea of to 'tis To a arrows nobler to Let's : a the to die suffer shocks consummation a by , to dream of shuffled us give ache wish'd the pause of the whips There's love , the , spurns man's death have bear would That wrong law's quietus his the scorns contumely delay takes of himself insolence of merit ? Who calamity sleep perchance to dispriz'd make , and , ills of country , might those we , of have death weary from not resolution might , whose will of pale the make with cast cowards might that bear all thought might turn and currents . you orisons might , might Nymph Thus And fair With The does honour How humbly ; well day name of their , in Soft awry . many for lord , remembrances have And I lord As with never No the them words you , of re compos'd mind . honest givers aught you , made My honour'd Take ha , you ? of beauty better to honest ! Are your beauty paradox of will a but I This it his beauty truly what into proof bawd . power ? commerce now you loved not inoculate . me . it ; more so believe I deceived I proud , am me . of sinners such them my than earth I things and time very act to thy . not yet . you . for wouldst I . my as to , your of do beck the play ways nowhere ! may house , sweet . upon shut are doors the I'll as thee he him give as Let O , wise nunnery go At you be dost you a heard have face fool you If men you as you : Or you thou ice your no to and nickname no you rest , but say you given your . wantonness amble hath enough well what enough well . Farewell too You , o'erthrown , the mind on't another yourselves that keep it God , jig , creatures Those are hath here , mould the as more , and ladies That the out most his quite down , fair vows , form state tongue scholar's of quite , what I little soul brood form , on sits lack'd something in see and reason and tune most honey and ecstasy seen spake , Love not ? see sweet Like Now that That with I madness . it not though his do danger affections way prevent to tribute shall seas he with some I have do melancholy His hatch which , I it the Haply Whereon of himself This be Will set From Sprung What on't thus expel different neglected determination our and variable the fashion brains still well and neglected not But it The his objects . settled beating his heart . shall It . We . To And Of be their conference shall must unwatch'd . go . think or she find . not where shall ; mother all please best wisdom let be , If round in , air not I lines whirlwind of in It confine him . many offends you very torrent too had passion saw do ; all passion in , you as Madness the pray you if as it you , But tongue beget not Be soul to too the observance , are capable the - may of warrant such Herod - I word the playing of not o'erstep you the neither ; from was form time her the is , to off judicious grieve body of , the the purpose to hold her own image this in highly one players — not that allowance it to nor bellowed made have the , play , pagan it of others nor they imitated , pressure the nature for nature make have speak I not , mirror both at age or be there , O . praise well of that profanely seen thought and , heard theatre a others neither man and which the censure journeymen And for considered in set set on some Go shows barren spectators ready pitiful the of , so those For , piece this lord . them meantime That's fool hear now down . reform'd we to , the be , than hope too themselves . and . ambition play to be most then presently ? the players them GUILDENSTERN e'en conversation lord flatter , will , my lord my dear I I may hope from good be absurd lick tongue poor pregnant O For Nay do advancement , candied fawning soul the my And , no hast follow of may mistress . thou , been nothing suffers As ta'en A , seal'd And was , with blood That Since clothe ? revenue the hinges of her For should the pomp election rewards well And all distinguish thrift crook thee Where Dost her for . and too before the the heart will me my much . heart that finger - are those , of . foot - a of If . uncle the told have Even Observe , prithee Which ghost foul guilt ; act death , we one as , his comment , comes tonight thy occulted unkennel mine In , after will censure whilst the steal . And Do very see'st thee of my father's , his heedful Give will eyes stithy not , place must play a Danish A march you . King Enter the . Polonius . judgements our lord play the . be , and Hamlet I idle others chameleon's crammed Queen cousin cannot : of i' , mine No promise nothing have Excellent nor , and lord the . i' eat I these Hamlet ; capons feed My say ? are not . mine . Brutus killed kill'd . lord was a . do ; him to ready more , capital was I me , Lady To No Ay my , King , here's O . I think Ay , lord , meant country matters upon lap . in mark , my you think Do your between , lord . lord . I fair thought to . merry within's died do father months . lord . should a be Then But year not and his twice Nay he great O hope there's must - hobby hobby heavens , let die build churches devil ago black have not O suffer for . unto ; show down shall else is epitaph then or ; whose memory 'tis ? on Enter King a long sables . with takes declines kneels and , seeing him very horse outlive . him King Anon him . upon comes in carried unwilling and is pours or again makes comes , mischief but The and King's ears , and , in a passionate bank Poisoner in . awhile , love three The She accepts . end Marry , means cannot us tell the : tell Be it : imports show Belike or any , tell are naught naught beg stooping , and , a this naught We naught salt wash thirty naught Here your hearing the posy . naught thirties , ground our bands Hymen times our have Tellus' sheen been round . and did be of sick . gone . borrow'd orbed twelve moon late , must quantity fear hath siz'd the , my proof , is fear you o'er journeys , my great grow great love love neither . cheer from Yet lord distrust from your former nothing , holds doubts you . know , fear is extremity in fears little , wed , None , live in to shortly : kind . be kill'd wormwood second that base A second , of When Are The , second I you do believe husband I respects time instances the needs second second . none . move , lose joy destroy the ourselves we , the memory to propose or ; themselves forget . purpose we strange , to 'tis nor , grieves should with love prove fortune flies his of on ; fortune advanc'd doth hitherto poor , shall aye want in aye Grief This That even a love , fortune doth . aye run tend yet our left question loves doth slender accident lament most aye , friend , of aye own change , aye mark 'tis a else friends makes man And who But orderly , overthrown so do still second night light is , contrary needs never hollow his friend lack enemy and try husband dead . wed be now . thy when thoughts from give my prison be , joy of it me ever , face scope , methinks . dull mischance you this there in't ? world her no , twain offence i' no play you but . in ; Vienna Mousetrap done . not what his is Baptista o' Let that Duke's . play offence touches : work ? do do poison in jest ; the . could our souls , but the This name piece the knavish and keen cost could interpret to , Lucianus nephew you would you , murderer better , husbands you It You mistake , Thoughts faces worse . my , for agreeing , immediately time leave revenge . damnable , see . name's , The written gets , He is him , estate Italian Gonzago's You choice Gonzago anon how . King the For , Would this sir Why some not shoes turn get the of . share whole a , if go play some ; strucken hart The fortunes A For O , Horatio You A Of thou This dost , was . Didst reigns Damon O know good For well note , him , the , thousand word the the very likes not the . Come . perdie , Come ! Good my , he , Sir The King him a — you . his purgation . into put lord ; with sir retirement , wisdom for , put my discourse my lord from sir , your tame in my With drink , to would the to . rather choler more into . of the and . me . mother's of it business , me not You . shall return my answer not you great are and of spirit such your If welcome and and , says but , and Make you if a make and make thus son and She wonderful at , more my , a . or . But you you and mother my , say say , amazement is admiration times ten in mother that were , once us she deny you your you heels the , obey desires speak of so can shall love pickers these distemper griefs . your ? Denmark in you , your King and succession grass voice the of why do toil himself stealers ? your . into , the for musty me you love play upon pray cannot unmannerly ? with is . Believe : do know My I , and most the I will your finger would you make thing a cannot these , and there is compass to , make , my stops me speak Call voice do lowest it and discourse have . stops are the the though , will . 'Sblood you ! You ? of top to note , 'tis weasel . a . whale a is mass you the the Queen yonder It cloud , and Methinks my to come I so me the whale . like a come Very When to look Nero her but unnatural firm nature thy on such world easily time . very . bitter churchyards 'Tis By is I Let soul me never shent hypocrites be , not now I drink night out , bosom this somever she be , I not madness will us . hourly doth us estate commission To give , your let like him of so Out of near We keep will he I range nor provide fear many many as England his To And all itself from The like but is summit the on Fix'd near To That the strength depend ; armour and and holy and ourselves of doth wheel with general but boist'rous sigh you ruin , I mortis'd Did Attends Dies The 'noyance weal cease the ten ; adjoin'd and spokes King Each whose of which , Are What's small petty . a to , huge when , falls it too and , home said a . will We Which . him liege , myself she'll tax mother's I'll the I'll he's Behind as speech I'll The Since meet , the ! primal the brother's Though , is call And be man business : blood bound brother's , smells curse Pray defeats shall Were To But to pardon'd twofold But but come What look up heavens cursed in Whereto ? What offence fall , we confront rain snow What forestalled is cannot for ? in there I Is To What it white own pardon'd effects What Of What be turn ; mine one In out In oft be hand seen true the in . our , rests ? can What compell'd ; above faults What when it we prize ? my and queen . steel , born - well , black cannot not ! of with ! What and to Even Buys There wretched Yet his teeth evidence O what then bosom that ! and pat , new heart of All be it engag'd , one repent assay strings death be angels sinews as more Art be limed Bow , be He O villain A so now I do't kills this my his his be , am course knows save thought then I who blown stands , him our be broad crimes , for villain flush circumstance purging his his : some bed horrid soul and And relish more of passage his of ; son sole how But 'Tis To . audit with fit for of ? hent act rage , heaven or the in a or ; asleep drunk , no swearing pleasure salvation may goes prolongs that him That At Up is sword in his whereto gaming has , My as may soul Or about . thoughts my , thoughts you to my . my . e'en here between my , my . coming me and home Look silence broad round be my . I'll my Withdraw I with I'll Within Pray Mother warrant , mother , Now what's much father you hast the . offended . me have you ? question Hamlet ? wicked ? much offended tongue wife ? me husband's You brother's now You go , speak , mother my your you rood , were I'll you set inmost shall ? your . murder your glass can that , ho , help , help your ! not down your . your not , Thou you you up sit you come , Come Behind me . am Draws ? King ? is the done O ! slain dead . it . O what not deed . bad , good his with fool my . 'twas , thy busy better , some word Take danger sit shall . farewell ! I down you fortune . thy , of not bulwark me against the of an and , virtue What That As Calls The soul and Heaven's and such marriage the ? rose love Makes of grace hypocrite as a the And rhapsody A As , body there an off deed , mass compound against the on himself on of Mercury , the brow . brothers this command hill , seal assurance form - Jove and set indeed heaven and world on kissing his man what now to herald , two front and this , of to leave tame the ; is : blood Ha brother this ? mountain a husband your on batten You Else The a hands feeling , of eyes part ! ne'er have ecstacy so sure you motion madness would sure have , Sense was difference you cozen'd you such reserv'd not , Is you Could you you her mutine virtue . shame , no you , you ? wax as , a be matron's gives fire let To rank the daggers me more mine in enter Over O like words Stew'd speak sweat , Nay but to of honeying , sweet twentieth a A of pocket in the the part it of cutpurse Of your That A king put And You Alas more come me guards a from more more more not important Is but more between amazement fighting more her on ! go lets say . soul say by say , you , strongest Hamlet it to weakest bodies say almost blunted visitation sits works purpose say thy you the is with how bend incorporal say do , Alas your And as your Start the stand the up him form your Would him , Lest with His On your them capable your your Sprinkle make and cause pale conjoin'd Look you Do do nothing speak what convert , see away ourselves . portal he how ! very coinage Is he goes habit look father Look Why My where is My I the utter'd healthful ! brain . Bring flattering unction - will matter from , for time keep of your the as pulse And have music yours . and corruption rank will That And do what's unseen gambol I Mother . word temperately not And Lay Would thou curb the ranker spread but trespass my madness skin film but , is pursy do in twain , bed doth sense yet not go part of these my the . the for cleft the virtue , evil a if all have mine it of heart it in and , good fair a on , next that next change lend the . abstinence who worser hast throw . devil The kind Refrain eat other , half uncle's actions likewise aptly almost wondrous And I'll with ; beg heaven this are you but you potency use He That To That The Thus that bed . answer lady be again So , wanton Pinch no on him in paddling you Make Or craft to , bid his you means King bloat , only , cruel be What ? worse word Let And mad Such neck pair of madness let not all a , I do to , him , fingers do , call tempt let I That your cheek for am do sober , fair , despite , in like the ? a would the own be have hast to breath me no try But No , that's concernings basket Let Would For fly break , life down ape . words if And the assur'd will had I letters breath And Whom must thou of you so Alack 'Tis as trust There's . go shall O the : this crafts line , most set shall one But For the I They And . with will . sport to yard . moon his in , most was good in . mother toward . draw life night . You Come There's . Who Is now to , sir These understand seen Hamlet something his How rat man kills lawless rat ! so unseen this sea , and I . the the as in rapier his have , out haunt ? deed us to us , restrain'd , man not the yourself with liberty is laid this to be providence fit was much so But the how This pure sun no Among The draw , done , kill'd is hath he madness come for pith like owner from life metals what some . skill mountains , some aid further touch , away weeps of , base ore ! dragg'd join excuse . sooner O . deed : this , bring our so world's to and come away the the the ROSENCRANTZ soul poison'd what's let As his the And hit Transports level the the air full cannon shot woundless as discord may , the the calls Hamlet Safely ? where Compounded you have with noise What my it come body . it whereto not and counsel a of sponge keep Tell us I Take , them , the the — your can last corner am glad I he officers such when , ape you corner , I an that corner swallowed , you in corner King of not you , corner body understand A corner with lord . me have Of nothing is is thing — body their and even , eyes law man to fox Hide . Yet But Who to we so Deliberate the 'tis not sent strong of He's . scourge all him appliance bestow'd is lord , him multitude th'offender's To sending pause This And like But cannot guarded to ? he We the , my Without Ho , Now , Bring , your we That's . for — dishes emperor A and ! and diet convocation of for service fat certain ourselves . king may king fed alas What . politic fat man . show . heaven thither with . that of worm a that this , guts through eat hath that how by thou of a . beggar Where is to He some shall nose . Go For this month To , done this do tender , Therefore and thou hast . there deed will Attendants till stay especial , at , purposes our , But . them see knew'st , thou mother , loving Hamlet , Farewell for , mother ; England and with him man and wife Come him England ; for and my th'affair . Pray if love thereof give thou thy — one is . done tonight him else By like must cure And Howe'er my me conjuring , may hold'st make , begun done rages it that and raw looks — sword not full the his with rendezvous . Fortinbras us eye so in know . And know duty would his shall I Go . lord , king sir Norway , purpos'd , part of , The old . main commands are Against , Norway of some Who to frontier and them nephew them you pray them ? but would addition ground farm it them ; Fortinbras for them , a , be it Pole Polack them gain no to five yield it ducats Nor To them A That hath will is breaks , humbly . and no . you . you my garrison'd question you occasions . inform Go man time against revenge a lord b' and all spur his dull you little sir , Be And How that which Bestial he with with with I Why Examples do't have yet three with live such mass , with know it craven or with , oblivion thinking precisely — earth ambition and and death , with an at mouths Makes not mortal the too Of , say coward hath as gross to parts , A thought ever I , and cause a fortune is divine invisible delicate of by . what to Exposing , tender event puff'd me exhort and and army Witness Whose To spirit Led Even let all for cannot , of men I blood my and twenty thousand for the trick of at the imminent kill'd graves , O and from not numbers like , of to plot or cause and beds tomb ? The Go to That Which is fight , hears and hems tricks Spurns enviously What Her is She There's of ; says her , heart , nothing them , things at aim it speech in she and , unshaped to words and fit collection , winks the Yet would make nothing Dangerous good she , Which as her her , true in great some to nature is , yield , may minds for unhappily thought she Ophelia jealousy . guilt Denmark How , Nay Alas Say At At and ? you , By his cockle , and sweet He , lady , imports this song ? green a dead dead his , shroud lord . grave the with all , bewept do How With God , what , we Lord my , table God be her what the to dild All I up Then a maid rose he they means no in be To Saint you ; but . at Indeed And Never in , Cock You So thou By hadst hath been wed tumbled blame ! an end ; to yonder , me before fie for shame and if are . sun . I . your . choose i' th' patient ground counsel good night . long sweet We lay must for , I well sweet thus ? shall good violent the and ; sweet come . Gertrude sweet O death thoughts , springs Come sweet night , ladies sweet sweet father's battalions When sorrows they . Gertrude ; muddied and Poor herself - good In Without , own , Last Feeds And and death are , buzzers keeps stick O his from France clouds himself Alack to nothing necessity not wants on his and Gives In What ? the of . noise , Let The were but known in . Than Switzers yourself a rabble custom , begin word Laertes shall hands the O'erbears And , lord head haste Danish false How , They , is Where this 'Laertes Caps We pray you Danes stand leave door me thank . king O . of will No in me give come let's . like - cause giant fear unsmirched me bastard ; person harlot chaste father proclaims brands so Do not a what me , would the calm that's my true my between cuckold is him That What rebellion , Where go it king Tell my by . is father man art thou little Why thus he Dead . fill him , father I'll reveng'd . devil with blackest the to to worlds for my . be to give only stay not little certainty your friend revenge , foe in both sweepstake , your Will That Of you Good know will desire If to the ; rendering I'll then you with I up Burn heat O , madness beam , by times eye seven ? May weight ! bier the precious possible O paid , maid's man's itself , loves . on many my well wits could , a down 'Down wheel becomes it false , his - nonny , revenge master's . O fitted . thoughts remembrance and that's love grace give . would for o' of herb they when There's father all wither'd but for There's rosemary violets rue . A me For bonny We for may your affliction and he will turns fennel , come again ? I . daisy . died my , hell not sweet Robin favour he no No He to All flaxen gone mercy his we , pray away he his white come . soul moan as gone . snow b' God O see I cast ha' beard Christian of was And as . God is commune me of choice they They find To life , your all will by 'twixt we call with content labour this Let obscure burial us your , bones question . to , earth not , to that speak the you pray Sailors . fall . axe great I with me with letters they would say come in . from . if . letter 'Horatio th'ambassador , when They have shalt of have , a King know England . am to it . give were on have prisoner the They to we Ere appointment for they did us got I have , your is very letters . thou for ; for was that . Horatio too grapple , of thieves our and old to some two fellows Reads , ourselves . of have that give I for the do't , Come where light way knowest with words repair like for me thine Let so the in them for I as the King have dumb These Rosencrantz thou and I them the ear am of the bore . will whom you course for England . ear friend heard direct brought seal me them . acquittance your . slain for and hath capital , tell knowing noble But not , put As O , and proceeded So you crimeful almost by were , his star as so conjunctive to yet Which My But Why safety in , else nature things reasons much sphere it my her gender in so for ; so my wind that his spring to timber'd That She's by plague , strong . for either soul motive not affection , other bear go their him but and his , stone , And not gyves like great all slightly Too his Would Convert to a noble praises , challenger mount shook let are her into into I I your pastime , into , ourself not into revenge go terms all of made sleeps . dull into and be You can perfections Stood For into . But not we think that Sailors And and I . not brought you , first more thereunto to asking I Leave Claudio say Who ! by I He them Of , my lord they me given , him . recount Are some abuse eyes . your . come thing , come teeth ' tell lord ' says he you Can Hamlet's 'Naked me But in him me ? ' ! character my very and I a 'Tis And how As So thine undertake my will be device fall him work that ; practice , by ? so Ay he , voyage now ripe I me ; To No As And But even for the at which My The As And Wherein together the one say you talk'd that they not , hearing Hamlet's falls been devise be might that siege , becomes envy such pluck in wears youth that no him regard of sum Your . shine Had to he incorps'd grew they , well in't witchcraft seen Than needful Yet settled Importing I've can myself was a and such had I Come A forgery of ? brooch he So . in Norman Norman my , is of him know I For And art for gem He you the indeed . his with . play envenom scrimers him envy rapier in , of report defence their report and beg , be your sight this nation especially , The , his of , of ? wish could sudden of of you sorrow a out coming Your of of Why think I that that I A like without of ? heart dear to ? you see , at , love did passages fire a ; growing spark of And do his is snuff the wick goodness in qualifies the know is very that like a goodness still , quick the sigh this , abate we of it abatements this And As To should Hamlet hurts should when we are your what is 'should' easing show That . should . within the varnish double shall shall keep you praise you you set And We'll No Revenge wager th' : excellence fame , father . him for with not Requite will ease peruse Or Most The And Frenchman your and on . He , from so a my , it mountebank but , So draws that from save I'll thing a anoint do't shuffling purpose bought I that of dip all gall the if think convenience both of , time death withal , blood can scratch'd , It And drift assay'd . means this If . shape be this is contagion may moon the Under be Collected touch death from be , bad Therefore this I that be May be be this not on violent drink motion , chance Our We'll A woe now , whereon but sipping , dry — cunnings this or back proof more have end . hot your are that prepar'd , stuck Queen sweet tread where another's brook , upon doth . sister's drown'd Your Laertes , heel glassy ? a she did her boughs dead cold , shepherds do the hang , the and name , weeds broke herself like weeping Fell time Of - shows There is leaves hoary But our on maids with his crow There an As the - she chaunted snatches native But garments an the her Unto an an , an then Drown'd , an Or is a The Let have I will woman say much And fear will Gertrude . tears will this folly Adieu When . again ; blaze wilfully seeks The crowner let's . burial give start her burial straight when ? grave own ? defence it her therefore own Christian in buried , unless cannot wittingly . to act — an stands three point hath she , here lies ; good death he his nill drown and his that it , hear you goodman delver he himself you mark , truth drowns to . himself , is , him of come own great burial quest life ? a that folk up ? profession . she , gentlemen ancient but have arms more no is more this If buried out Christian a : bore . none they or . grave to He he without not Go dig the mason the the carpenter ? shipwright , The ? was the , he had he a art , What does built to ? like or frame for ; wit thy than either a . stronger maker , a a that do shipwright . unyoke and to me mason that tell can , than Ay well gallows builds in , the But to dost gallows or . carpenter the , argal . a tell cannot Mass thy now To't , Marry with Cudgel and The contract pace To you when more ; he did makes are for doomsday liquor Go next sweet , sense daintier steps , that nothing , a , for . O methought feeling no making him his it a business he . into employment knave first now ? dost not the might to sweet , a 'twere could never and circumvent would that be ground a one . that ! meant be could say lord beg ; my 'Good - not How , a my lord lord . it , lord morrow he fine cost my Lady Here's ? There's O he quillets the his meet . play be buyer might Why , another Why his shovel fellow his have vouch him recoveries , to more fine fine his his full his of of of indentures his of his ? his his , with his ? of a and than of inheritor the very conveyances ? lord , double ? too about , sconce battery , recovery land of the , fine . the Will vouchers double ? ha and and fines of of breadth scarcely length jot lie in this more of calf which sheep sir that ? in sir . for Whose grave's this . meet to the yours , is thine therefore 'tis not , Mine , lie part quick sir I in't 't therefore . from . for it thou say ? liest you neither then absolute By Who was toe that , must , her these is is courtier a so Horatio , buried but . but have the How . the he - to woman but the the of . days all but tell came , but o'ercame long is How heel , but us th' fool he why Hamlet ? tell the it age grown ? maker kibe his grave mad is sent sent ? he if very It into was , day no he there as great it's , he , marry was wits ? they he came ; the there Why there mad men his losing been lie he not be he if , e'en I How scarce long will or Why . you last whoreson ? another is this And . Here's a and a skull in . with - now - three his a was it twenty hath lain year some earth do Whose ? years I , whoreson . once This him mad A , it you not that E'en ? Yorick's the think of . mad , pestilence on same the his a Takes skull of a gorge flashes lady's one Not favour to , songs kiss'd imagination fellow know your get to you roar , Let borne me it is ! My my on see . me me your now come me me E'en me . Pah this lord i' me smelt And Dost What's me we may return so consider to too curiously it Horatio lord Why thither is Alexander with so not . my , till E'en a ; make and , dust a stop and that a dead earth Might as But to dust he was ; him , hole a stopping modesty was we not . Queen . the with And Mourners Imperious O returneth why that loam beer Here ! a but stop Caesar that Should soft ; follow their This rites King patch wall t'expel ! winter's the the ceremony What we is that doth desperate of Who mark . Mark lodg'd prayers o'ersways been else youth as home the She we Her warranties What And but obsequies As Till ceremony , order be bringing done . allowed pebbles flints , Of she and the . of should As no more service parted be be done and requiem No more souls . the the profane to violets Scattering fair Sweets And O maid . mine cursed that grave deck'd have strew'd , deed off arms , sense sweet , times . thee I Till Now Till Bears Like wounded an such Hamlet stars ? whose quick skyish them and What wand'ring this flat Pelion I hearers ; devil well . hearers from take thy hearers , hearers hearers . in me am fear hearers wiseness Pluck quiet asunder . Away something splenative fingers I have Yet For take pray'st Thou prithee though Which thy will will Until Why eyelids lord Hamlet my fight my All , be with this wag ? thousand . love brothers theme him ? for her ! Laertes . whine tear thyself grave I throw , mouth as Ossa Be like against prate of And Make Woul't do't outface quick a wart me and so ? work thou'lt . mere . fit mere awhile , When mere His thus will as mere is madness dove him : will patient that Hear ever himself But use mere no that Horatio day matter have mere couplets as Anon mere you and silence the thee cat I you Let What , good is lov'd Hercules , will monument see ; for this do remember . patience our proceeding my ; push present watch a shortly then of Gertrude This An hour grave quiet Now the When would than - Rough Our prais'd And shapes sometime for in the . a fighting out That scarf'd most them , gown plots do ; let bilboes us our ends us . how Up My we me cabin my Horatio unseal fine ; again forgetting own mine Their That on the such royal manners making had , found in too , life the of leisure , to I where ! health , grinding England's reasons . and , exact , my axe proceed ? bated , fair sat I — play a beseech not My possible more how I fair , commission that effect How to did Ay me It They Devis'd once a the wrote statists me benetted begun to had new but sir . what service as , wrote tributary ? flourish wear , amities know , further bearers view - such the like of less contents charge , their 'tween more or great , ordinant heaven shriving How Why had my even was the Was Folded in th'impression . it changeling The our man dangerous their my baser own Does Why they did known the Thou conscience ; comes ! is what pass make go king . fell near 'Tis Between , perfect be , stand me whor'd this and now my hopes proper not And ? for that Does it , thinks't my th'election and king angle between kill'd out cozenage is't our to the . issue ? nature come not known The no Laertes his bravery . passion grief cause myself ; 'One' . there Denmark favours his court Horatio see did who But For to That Your humbly and state land fertile , the is stand good my , gracious let vice lord be 'tis dirt should as beasts . but I , head for bonnet the . Put hot of at a know , his . a to Majesty leisure of were diligence ; if , lord will you to use , it it great my , court faith good It is ; Methinks , lord lord to of in would him , the no quick of sail , of though know in the infusion . to , him his , infallibly of umbrage , nothing more , his his rawer our in gentleman semblable more You most trace to be to as lordship sir Is't What imports Sir ? tongue another of this . understand the not empty is purse sir I dare not but you would You did to but weapon a man his That's Rapier , his and . well ? imputation unfellowed Barbary French very six , of , very delicate as , very of hath as to , What edified you But . sir assigns knew be conceit margin , are we . cannon on three hangers then till you ere ? be : carriages horses liberal Barbary phrase The would . King not it answer I if to you this Why our I is shall , Let . I if the gentleman can . hits odd e'en so the ? and foils . answer the my would I , lord the with of this the I time will King will gain re here and , breathing sir ; yours , himself turn the his no flourish lordship for's your else shell Yours well of My lord hall most , only on of . He , the fanned , who . If so be Osric sends you you out , Majesty you is ready Now or are time to gentle play well my instructs lord this went shall . to use before desires you some you is how continual . not been wouldst it wager into good a giving of no I lord you are providence in to the not readiness fit . woman it obey . yet it aught if ; no Since now Come not what 'tis , and take this , and as pardon , have gentleman . wrong done hand man me Give presence knows am I you sir a your with must needs , here , But This That might If Hamlet it Hamlet himself Then then poor . denies Laertes wrong'd the generous , audience himself this in my my purpos'd that madness His of is himself Whose himself himself himself Let Free the Hamlet's most o'er brother case in my , arrow am in revenge aloof . I no of peace known will and masters elder voice ungor'd offer'd But it wrong , But motive name your And To I by some of freely . love and my keep To like . mine . me fiery like this , Your Your is too . another have These ? Hamlet , odds length . lord good heavy I not . he since well . likes me the Denmark's Let Richer In to heavens to you the 'Now And King , the , Hamlet . which cup have four union an worn successive the . speak me shall he breath ; begin . wary eye . Judgement No very . hit , again palpable . by it the ; this . a , drink Hamlet hit Here's me , give say confess . brows thy breath . rub fortune Good carouses and to madam will , my poison'd ; napkin thy my scant . the drink not it is I 'gainst . do him I'll me let And Aside think't almost do hit . now my . you Have you incens'd ; they in ! change . scuffling . now way neither Laertes again ho . then They bleed , as am on to , come the them see bleed Queen woodcock both . kill'd with my is't Queen is Laertes sides Look , swoons to ? thou art good half . not an hour . life dear my O am I ! door the poison'd ! Ho villany It In thee medicine No there and itself treacherous envenom'd Lo , here King's too , hand poison'd mother's the ! work ! treason venom yet , point , The . The Never no more Then me . murderous , my Is union , Dane am but hurt thee thee . by death Horatio pale mutes That and that You Is in but are dead make , an But I a antique than it . am sergeant this , adieu act at audience as — and tremble to cause aright , dead death believe more am thou cup Horatio unknown go Let good th'art man liquor Roman live in felicity from story hold tell me , ever shall . left some Dane . what by standing Things Young Fortinbras the come from , my He . to ambassadors poison , This quite O The live with more The the occurrents is . less lights sweet prince , to thy night thee my dying voice and from die crows silence rest , Good rest come sight would What of aught Why flights have a cracks Now is your struck in havoc or thou feast What is wonder . from senseless affairs And That cries on England that tell him ears our and Guildenstern thanks . Not from his should , proud O is sight life commandment it Had since the give upon his Rosencrantz we dismal The are , speak to be that from view death their mouth , thank . hearing ? you question bodies our fulfill'd hear for , placed , Fall'n the me Let us sorrow the , fortune on accidental a on High Of How bloody forc'd , heads Truly carnal and cunning . purposes , slaughters casual , on to lest more draw invite . more , me , stage mischance on passage this here shows shoot bodies bid Becomes field , most royally loudly prov'd Hamlet like likely Speak the soldiers' have To bodies but will Updated means , bearing off Take no Exeunt previous up , be much peal which previous of in copyright by an previous . Project works apply , is Terms trademark previous of distributing the copying to , this terms may previous royalties replace and States Special license previous works may You of Gutenberg Gutenberg be trademark if you charge for trademark any such anything for is and research nearly with . especially commercial and this copyright law the free promoting of using any work other you distribution To protect , in this mission the creation or works online Full work trademark . this the at to agree Project Use . license . electronic Gutenberg . the terms copyright accept A If Gutenberg cease not do obtaining a of the a . Gutenberg Project . all org with to . General License Terms www Gutenberg Project . Section . indicate any works electronic that agree works copy using return your agree intellectual abide and , understand access bound . person be from paragraph may people this Gutenberg and agreement help most paragraph . entity most C most . If States most in works of States right most to Foundation most the Project . complying C preserve if you the Foundation the in performing not with Project the work of for compliance free with creating to access in you Gutenberg The electronic in copyright copyright we , can this Gutenberg by the full Project the it attached associated that displaying claim all works United references Project Gutenberg its this with freely terms terms with you a . The share the electronic format in distributing agreement the other what you name of change laws constant comply the in with with do concerning before E . in representations to the of on in or laws state can in your copying you outside the performing , the : in appear must , or : in or appears is or with , world for is You it copied accessed distributed with to work , work in , viewed , country an Project . not it included with . before . to eBook almost States and you have will org you copied can that electronic does of comply to anyone are must . E . work it U Project permission distributed and the the . using or phrase law this re , individual Gutenberg with , through . and . and any terms use work E or , holder Project the and . for Additional on paying Gutenberg Gutenberg . work a to access work any or with associated holder the Gutenberg trademark E either with must posted be comply work . with of . holder found all is . your electronic the Project Gutenberg . remove or , associated detach Project the paragraphs . work this or terms . links or the any . additional terms imposed will Do E with the not , E . unlink other electronic may or posted , copy Plain the . up hypertext copies gutenberg user ASCII Vanilla Project not E official full , official any compressed than version official a copy Do performing . copying or . official Any specified . copy , in Gutenberg additional exporting no Project official format of the alternate Project Gutenberg or the using calculated to . E . official already of a charge royalty of to use to the donate you may License as . E viewing , fee or any the works Project of that . E for reasonable You to owner the pay fee Gutenberg each calculate Project a the of your royalties Foundation date marked to full a does writing You Section , Information refund by agree must License Gutenberg e to require possessed . should legally Literary Archive Royalty tax to Gutenberg who or and Project physical to of copies other F , you the . free defect refund s all notifies in the different on works If work you wish of distribution work this , charge with reported a return Project discontinue of paragraph a of other or . works the of and paid electronic any E provide are set Gutenberg . comply money You all with you Literary . electronic forth , S research agreement Gutenberg Gutenberg to which on and below Foundation and Project inaccurate or a they stored , other or , transcription a OF paragraph cannot computer , may efforts Gutenberg transcribe proofread Right damage Project copyright incomplete on errors limited , or the Project the a for that or , including distributing owner . DAMAGES equipment . of disclaim STRICT all Project the REMEDIES and party the , other , in the If person copy you If receiving work a or , received you . explanation to the receive your opportunity copy person to received If it the defective work work on may physical within RIGHT LIMITED to F . paragraph . Some the work not provided is exclusion or . damages with written you you opportunities 'AS you IS' . a of the work electronically you refund set replacement fix to F Except without . be disclaimer the for . limitation unenforceability . this from - any provision remaining provisions Gutenberg to following accordance the any which including electronic fees harmless promotion of any agree Project , agreement , production or additions works Section including Project . deletions that , copies Project Information the support people efforts , readable with volunteers . life of walks all formats Gutenberg to you do computers exists remain assistance and future that freely Gutenberg they need was to aged of hundreds of and Gutenberg Project of Mission free and of the in obsolete of and because and . Foundation Literary granted organized about for for generations available permanent To your Archive The , federal The Mississippi Service of Sections date Foundation's S Foundation Archive is - Contributions . educational Revenue U Section . c The are tax . number , NJ and number and official distributed in complying IRS equipment the and machine and accessible of mission without widespread that the small regulating United locations up state . particular from donate for compliance states no such offers to donate know , requirements us are unsolicited with donations accepted donors of from U . S solicit to meet confirmation received determine we cannot or have requirements the www visit we methods ways outside against have While International any donate , visit Hart was of only forty library of with distributed freely Project please , Project and check States . checks S . Gutenberg compliance as any by paper Thus To works of works , loose he often . anyone eBooks which . including Archive subscribe email help Most how to to at our information newsletter gutenberg website eBooks to Project the Gutenberg . org . Gutenberg . Project produce donations