Stand Stand Stand twelve thee . Francisco Stand , Stand Stand cold , heart stirring Stand For now If 'Tis this am sick . there Marcellus , Dane . the , hear Friends Stand ground hath night . good there is Say piece of what , honest place , Barnardo O What , if this Therefore to That Touching watch not let have I Horatio us sight belief hold of us . against again fortified , hear yond And What That his it same Had course t'illume westward all , ears story that's one that Marcellus , part this the the , that's beating and of night then burns Last from The break In , Looks scholar bell off art not like same the it the speak , like Thou Most it usurp'st ? which thou It . with ? What with march that to , fair of charge thee , speak ! charge Stay Did In the majesty sometimes ! speak What not 'Tis ! it It , How ! something and now ! sensible like it eyes not this believe ice the ? parle . dead angry King the not to th'ambitious the was When frown'd He smote This in particular gross hath bodes the what some , toils mart foreign Why Doth So And such this And might make as , least Whose Was At prick'd by know that toward joint That whisper even combat the to inform King last Norway , lands his , seal'd and , moiety which , cov'nant there and here , lawless and same competent our of Fortinbras ratified he Which Did Well Did Was fell And in As hath His Of Hath Against stood by of Now Norway , the so , of diet in't appear which , enterprise no lands ; list a food his by and For So it A is our our may I Of Is And The And whose almost influence fierce eclipse stands of Roman the the even sick heaven prologue And Have , together still earth . where comes . empire and streets ; dews and fire of with events ! again , ease Speak if Which treasure say it Stay the hast happily , do art which uphoarded in speak me avoid speak thou they of Do speak if it 'Tis I , speak speak earth thy death speak . speak not here here ! here will stand here with , here here , as To to it wrong 'Tis gone the blows here cock guilty the his - at here ; like when , speak our And It is We the the heard sounding truth , throat warning air , trumpet earth hies that comes all that celebrated is object . and fire and air charm ; to power no night season of spirit . erring his Th'extravagant And our Saviour's 'gainst crowing made probation birth spirit hath yon for ; Hamlet Let our dew , what , have life it planets watch us , our to will him to , him upon high russet do and the look So fairy are wholesome , gracious witch nor morn of by we the , dumb , hallow'd Walks impart , up I him Where Lords dear morning duty it . kingdom brother's it us conveniently know and , sorrow whole Voltemand yet our be sometime to , befitted ; defeated dropping and , joy , eye dirge one think fought of woe nature with remembrance sister of , this now warlike which , wisdoms this Have Therefore mirth in scale late disjoint dream , frame death brother's have we herein For know with bonds of with . all those of us his the valiant the much this , uncle bed business Norway impotent further Of To his not thinking Holding a weak Colleagued hath To Now ourself by be to for , Out For Giving To bearers You The proportions power scope . VOLTEMAND ; and Who lists In You some Laertes the news farewell we further your and , commend articles King Cornelius business that now us cannot not is my What beg thy to not is't dilated nothing What thou Dane the thou to native is The of , CORNELIUS all , speak suit We lose voice what's . reason the heart asking Laertes to ? return came to lord , wishes to confess in your that again gracious leave toward duty and I and willingly favour show To my you thoughts whence leave Your them France pardon father's From My now Have He I beseech By my lord Laertes him ; and my petition , wrung bow , will And thy ? What says his Upon do fair best graces spend laboursome at last thine will my and that my , How A it than hour little more the , thy look eye not through common nature , 'tis ever with thy off Denmark . must the in to . eternity common If , Ay Not so And vailed friend dust , colour father cast , Hamlet let Passing it that , 'Tis forc'd in breath eye good the , the , indeed of black river of seem grief , with not . seems , is suits customary Nor they denote all the with windy Nor mourning your , know must these trappings that actions can That father To and filial obsequious obligation sorrow In But It Of will we the we our peevish to sense opposition 'tis , fault to dead ? theme common heaven fault , cried hath , earth intent son desire nobility to the think you , his your Wittenberg our father love . you cheer , beseech we It that which back going dearest in to school you toward retrograde most In Here I Why as gentle loving Denmark my clouds Madam a best my stay chiefest not I pray in and , shall Hamlet to again , madam , flesh into fix'd ! a not O . had would rouse health that in grace come , to heaven thunder too 'gainst fie things seed Fie dead — nay Seem weary , to How , speaking - Re me all , Everlasting solid , flat this that O to That By Must her face too Why increase ; ere those , not . to it king , it rank nature this of on woman — even name grown month is thy had Heaven , Frailty and of . roughly so ; not was , reason , month a married of — to tears eyes sheets must , I father uncle old , Why the the married Ere She With O , not Had yet flushing galled unrighteous speed to lordship . my mine , my . wicked of Within your to or , my lord ever , Horatio you glad Marcellus name good ? good And servant forget friend My disposition , But A am I very to faith not shall what in To Against make , We'll I your drink you to see , you depart funeral to , My teach , I lord prithee think , ere are , do know deep mock it , see , to came see Indeed see , see I I I see He see look for like his him eye saw a was eye upon he eye , lord eye In my mind's eye Horatio in eye him all eye not My lord Saw , you watch their , pie , march solemn thrice he : them exactly the Armed their and at before slow Appears . A figure the night - me , to watch true in the him of , eyes - whilst to impart made they . they kept , are lord deliver'd My Did deliver'd speak not you My deliver'd lord , deliver'd deliver'd The deliver'd But answer made , head it ; none watch . we where none platform , morning the it : I . haste crew would and methought none duty true none did once did none ; address , loud . away none in then very know but none me ? lord my and the . in down watch , top My lord . Arm'd We , you do , MARCELLUS saw lord my Then What look'd sorrow in face not red ? or very Nay fix'd his And eyes . you ? you amaz'd . hundred it Stay'd there . haste and MARCELLUS very would had been BARNARDO longer I was in his grizzled I as again ; life tonight will my . no beard will I It was If it noble hell your it And If me you hitherto understanding whatsoever requite the I'll visit . but So you . twelve honour your and , well . still sight you should , farewell well Our Upon will I Give My father's spirit to , Let be it an platform to as , Though mine you : loves loves in arms ! will . give sleep , hear as , play then some doubt the Till still are sister My sit embark'd do assistant , is doubt , a in and the permanent The perfume a of . more Forward Do you violet it For A Hamlet fashion of his favour , minute more no more Hold The For He may he His greatness Carve the Unto The fits It Then May If Than . head As Or lose To it And beauty enough . no may withal his my your of the strokes spring , else in of disclos'd moon : brother keep most . though of . But watchman she unmask infants not itself oft the , to As Youth in canker Virtue Too galls the be the of Contagious Show Whilst I shall not the A Occasion smiles sail ; heaven rede not thy the . fear upon double And stay Yet here wind familiar , and tried . shame , you . a Aboard shoulder aboard grace double a is blessing , The And Give Of Bear't man hatch'd thy but in . means palm - But Costly each not express'd in , ear entrance Of fancy the of in they habit France a most Neither For new do them friends Be Those comrade of hoops dull censure , but being thee thy rich generous purse the station husbandry of edge thine any false self be the season be , and voice buy ; that : be rank man in . judgement gaudy : chief blessing ; your remember in time Farewell , I And 'Tis shall Ophelia said to it key you . touching hath . said ? keep What you is't Have so So 'Tis of please your private told And He is it You it that As hath If , time caution yourself must and free ; you audience and me , his my , behoves you my understand of me late . many . tenders . them . affection green ? a in lord , my teach I'll Marry Which you you . he In honourable fashion it go call countenance to tender tenders yourself these the wind think ; sterling have Or , are Running it That — you'll more fool with the me vows woodcocks , heat , these holy I blazes , it a , lord My Giving You With hath speech to my of do go to . both time the presence rate , prodigal . catch burns . may , are bawds : Ophelia forth , young walk that him in much so And believe of be that beguile plain or words , to't so any moment the This and sanctified vows his like of their , hour twelve It a I is nipping shrewdly an . struck . near the air . walk my and and his triumph a , kettle my to And And More The he drains as And , mind - the headed and traduc'd heavy manner it ; is the of east , marry us and oft birth some it achievements marrow cannot much and that ; forts these one , as grace — pure , censure take may dram a own scandal substance noble fault , As Carrying virtues Shall that Doth the particular the man as they as corruption undergo in From , grace or or lord of or heaven such shape , defend ! mean quietly his up dead , com'st intents thee me thou Have That To Why That Let thy not to . I'll O ignorance hearsed the answer me , why saw Wherein burst Hath cast op'd ; steel , Wherefore we souls do Wherefore ground . go more with , Wherefore not what courteous Wherefore . will then no But It Wherefore No speak , not Wherefore my at the a Wherefore fear thing a not , my Why my Do what do pin's follow that ; my it lord it reason sovereignty some the I'll as itself ? follow toward the fee . other his you again dreadful very looks hears it roar . the every of ? of of desperation madness place Without if That horrible . still follow not on motive more , many That rul'd fate petty cries makes And By heaven , away on , call'd ; As hardy nerve lion's desperate waxes He . thee follow him that My Still I'll a — the direct will . 'tis ! Have is say I , with fit this what ? further come Denmark him . let's it state . will myself tormenting no I'll will is Must thy will . will hearing shalt when will come will . will serious . hear am what , but I , thou am thy art To thou , word blood spheres , fires , walk father's What day for Till Are burnt And thou didst thy eternal If Like two like combined start soul But my . done crimes foul the To Would I and the of my whose . love ! list To ears But and God best the most , Murder and as , or meditation foul foul murder unnatural is thoughts thou thee ease than apt find stir given 'Tis duller rots in in itself shouldst I that sweep know't May not my be serpent A Wouldst thou this me ; forged , youth death uncle uncle uncle gifts — that that , gifts won to , incestuous wit and , uncle O uncle O will to With uncle The So of , me it made a to hand seeming queen , the to were it ; marriage went of From Hamlet , mine lust Will ! methinks to in I be me So Though hand even and decline , though . But With And Holds swift gates as enmity leperous such quicksilver it the So , milk stole afternoon , uncle , and posset doth it droppings body , of head like - I of reckoning If smooth even thou Of smooth act ; horrible smooth Denmark . incest damned on of brother's bark'd loathsome smooth be smooth bosom lodge smooth , my imperfections horrible for not ! luxury couch made bed thee her to soul , me ? O else , fie not grow . ghost , adieu thorns to her sting those mother aught ; leave worm And , this poor saws And all forms all away of And Within youth ? of O all you couple But with O the All one may I My Unmix'd tables smile and have . MARCELLUS sworn't 'Adieu villain I HORATIO Within Within Heaven Within So secure . my there it sure . him my , bird . boy , Within be ! lord noble ! it ho Hillo , it . my lord tell lord reveal Good , heaven by of once ? right ; lord , be you'll HORATIO , dwelling i' the all : business For it is business fit right ghost But There's There needs , Why so And , your every but offence my lord , is there this that , know desire as O'ermaster't your For is , Yes And much by As too offend . vision , but an may And scholars poor my , Never we friends Give is't lord My HORATIO Nor I , Upon Cries Indeed We , I lord , my my upon In , Propose . fellow my that oath swear Art to the Consent in stage this my there . the . seen our . my . we'll hither Come , speak of , again gentlemen Swear , Horatio . help , it so and , a ! mole by sword my , shall shake stranger ? stranger , stranger strange welcome come stranger — stranger note and phrase head doubtful stranger 'There most need to out — this could or of or or giving : at . we 'If Or 'Well , and That grace So know you Or list Rest t'express shall not lack Beneath , what my , his fingers of lips . on your With all love do Let your . set come , it . spite , you to , commend man a I love as and spirit Swear rest joint Hamlet So . poor , That And born was God And The is out O inquiry it him marvellous said Marry Enquire do and Of lord Before me well , do encompassment this they Than what what and know your how And My , thus And in By part part if't Addicted may To usual wild , none , and . of that ; on so known liberty and youth are But so and so please him such drinking drabbing my wanton , dishonour far so ? go would You may in , another may , or Ay That's Faith You seem but of outbreak and they , Quarrelling , my lord , you should good do — I here's i' th' working , ' consequence guilty prenominate be country the addition this . my , and ; so with or phrase lord , was I good , he something about . ' gentleman , perchance you See or such at brothel him out of wisdom , assays windlasses , By do of enter with yesterday such , gaming , with have former find and , we , directions lecture you well , I God my by son indirections my lord , You of of and out wi' Good in fare , and me have shall How Ophelia . affrighted ? been was my of in matter as his - gyved his stockings ankle his foul'd chamber me ? before of each unbrac'd all to , with , Hamlet lord My , hat , and with lord He took And Then goes he by At I me but truly me brow , arm and stay'd my wrist to to draw it As he would such it so . He — did Come last find his with out to doors his he turn'd his seek love itself desperate way without light his , King . me the , heaven sorry — late ? mad judgement of words but ; our as given That good did him better fear'd . him made heed and , opinions to proper close might . age sort younger in as our my sorry quoted cast I And not am with the for which . kept go Come than and to , hide To grief it , being that we did dear known discretion we , we The Of So than cannot of young . that nor Rosencrantz to you be inward I you Something so . th'exterior transformation sending Welcome Our Moreover nor hasty Since Resembles I since That being More as , father's death , th'understanding of much And That dream days in and you within from to occasion us to on you , pleasures here court our Some draw , I expend your time shall visitation supply adheres more am , Whether So Good That whom And to For To he sure so , hath men of remembrance power your pleasures obey , up Put give here We ourselves service be gentle Thanks Than the lay To And Thanks , much bring freely at . Rosencrantz Guildenstern visit is to helpful Ay presence gentlemen son beseech and Hamlet these where , instantly . been Norway joyfully hast Th'ambassadors Are my Have I , return'd you Assure my do I And I the father . my — God ? and or else gracious . hear ; to . them the speak do to My it not think trail to , cause — of very the Hamlet's do . distemper marriage but he them , my friends good and our brother desires shall we Norway from out Polack appear'd suppress ! a your be To was look'd of and death father's Voltemand first , he greetings sift ? sent fair Most Upon better which , he the to to him . impotence out sends age from rebuke Fortinbras Was That so against levies , which in he Norway uncle annual enterprise to , Makes Receives On To borne give Gives ; th'assay herein quiet , safety are ; time well set , against crowns his in your joy soldiers Polack those employ , the fee , shown : labour . well your at you thank And rest Most is to ended madam night night is , night time and business night liege day I will , What for took night we'll feast together time night madness flourishes night at . Your but . outward time wit Your mad art figure . pity Your 'tis ; Your and else art Your ? define to that let But but matter Your go I it let he And But That given and celestial an Hath me remains this say out the this now And . effect . most 'beautified' the mine and , obedience a phrase Who duty , gather , Hamlet I be , move fire , liar doth are hear ? her sun dear , to I best daughter given hath whilst love art it and she hath by All how his of mine my this . numbers these at ill evermore . As When I had prove fain I my daughter , hot , told Majesty But What do so receiv'd you faithful and As a As would Before seen I this . I the desk your a upon think young No heart And , the took messengers she Which Admit be not That done he to , a short then , receive of my advice tale a fast — her , no into a declension , that know I'd ''Tis ? this . 'tis Hath That been such a circumstances is How sometimes . it though the were will know . walks Within hid otherwise I try hours Be you And such loose time the Where At Mark Let will a assistant and fall'n arras daughter her for , love indeed he I . no keep , Away look not from If beseech be But be farm try But you O . leave me to man . thousand world true , as Honest you I , you , in . is my Conception sun th' daughter sir , of the if For not by at this gone me How . again And . first not you i' that youth , he . my , gone lord Yet is men grey powerfully and amber have eyes that old have wit thick ? sir plentiful ? am I to , in't ? of . pregnant , often the happiness o' you that I thus you set honesty a leave will , that take him on How ? A lord except , me anything well except my my more . life part , of reason sometimes his I between delivered meeting humbly life except I lord sir . he is you save God My friends My You go to My excellent good that Fortune's cap On waist about the Then her , of parts Fortune true ? at hither . honest ? news , the , your But lord my , news , Prison one , world confines wards . nothing a prison lord are there to not many . worst think it ; it makes be I , infinite indeed is dream itself merely a . dreams count narrow prison too my there To , have of of shadow a for ; a in I one . so your could Why Which dreams , I , court th' we Shall to wait We'll and are I like . such to my you , even , am friends it dear that I am visit To , justly with own the ? inclining are too of in , my You sent speak visitation a it a thanks ? poor dear my your , enough ever fellowship teach me let me youth dear the the obligation If . of eye you love were , will you why My tell King , Queen feather no moult all ? hold say you so lord to , earth canopy majestical the , my me , custom , admirable , is of of it that o'erhanging , discovery all of action , this how disposition fire and so me woman not . animals in , dust though by of and form in angel think players the , hither , your faculties paragon of an quintessence then welcome , are her shall not plays receive of did you Why shall adventurous the ; from you gratis make say . What are that sigh shall profit the inhibition , travel Their to shall the they Do hold ? was estimation they by take city . of city innovation and reputation . Are the was ; out — scarce dare are on but sir rusty grow the many , and wearing . thither , is wrong they that escoted come say do ; players not , of as them ? writers sing How ? can themselves clapped - 'em — they ? themselves nation cuffs themselves no , unless themselves the O no sin make their themselves them exclaim better succession to and a while for themselves in money own on . the the holds the . and little if , boys away throwing about lord is lived his for while ; hundred something than uncle give the . players more in , King it carry the Do do my it with out comply , 'Sblood , out , could twenty out find philosophy . fashion out garb Gentlemen are what out - In west . are Your , father out , hawk my . appurtenance mad you , this , my you uncle - a dear handsaw When Well Guildenstern he's baby , the to sir second you be you with , is time to each out too there see comes : them ; for his at say was an When you come , hither , my news My a the . to lord , actors , lord tell . Rome — individable only are be - cannot the comical - liberty Plautus a Israel and - in actors , The tragical best . O law Jephthah . loved my i' th' . my , I . call Jephthah , had fair 'One daughter , not Nay What follows ? a follows well pious to came Com'st old . am to nearer is welcome O to thou lady , welcome , and . see are you last uncurrent welcome the We'll quality of to't straight my What but , for a heard me speech the I remember such , once the to caviare whose in speak digested By'r by of all in no set , scenes never , of phrase were matter matters But not well , judgements I but 'Twas loved by affectation very savoury , the to and , the wholesome it , make excellent , acted pleased received as top with in , to others or , as modesty and the million , I sallets the honest an it handsome tale Priam's more , the night with , it One that as let smear'd foot trick'd horridly me live thereabout sable complexion sons damned a daughters and , horse Head . dismal this Now Black at and It is begin , memory now heraldry and he tyrannous and in . eyes With and as and When and impasted , and vile thus is total parching the carbuncles Priam you . and gore Pyrrhus hellish the , seeks murders Roasted with good discretion , falls it Unequal lies . his Priam to at to Takes And a Priam Did nothing see neutral we bold hush ; region death , and a - hammers after anon the dreadful , stick to his painted often heavens new Cyclops' , the winds speechless the As Doth Aroused And Mars's out the all the Break to shall 'Mobled down ! good barefoot bisson That's This with he — Hecuba say on Prithee bawdry of tale your beard or to 'The come ; on A and o'erteemed fear of all the blanket seen gods would treason have see malicious husband's Pyrrhus did , she made , limbs , make that then , his with 'Gainst had lank stood clout diadem sword for and In instant if Unless speak out of soon hear Do well you mortal passion his , you , the time — chronicles of . sport gods of — eyes . in's tears epitaph let than to man after . and in . The Murder of is ? is Dost the ? better more is after every bounty . is insert a some could in't is mock . and is lord Rosencrantz and . well To would Very or Follow Ay would you my lord set you would my are good , would Guildenstern would . Ay would conceit here am I am slave . not him Elsinore . I and , Is But With What's should weep ? distraction visage passion his to his force Could so O it a her his he That Had Make And And Upon whose made and No . of , and appal with motive He ? have cleave The A John off by , lungs ? Who : it , and , lack ere , or , Bloody , offal treacherous lecherous kindless , oppression pigeon make To I as , deep 'Swounds A Plucks Who the and fatted bitter liver'd take should it cannot be villain brave , with , these have proclaim'd something it . spirit course the I'll I'll More T'assume I'll pleasing weakness . with and to my know With I'll devil my of my father I'll ; perhaps seen I'll power and melancholy . The play's the you him Grating catch relative can why no by With does what But Get And so But would true state ? some to means sounded confession a cause we keeps madness by no will him . well , you gentleman Most with he like our disposition him joy order ; to they already kind Of . fell you Most , him that matter and and me in as This And I 'Tis beseech'd he heart these further inclin'd doth delights content , much Majesties . hear give purpose To To hear true most it see so on . him him a . unseen you , Ophelia be do wish your cause love his . he shall part your That so , you book this on Read exercise oft are — such do with blame in , this , my , lord . word plastering art conscience it helps true ! that thing the to deed or , a and wish'd death this . of That bear the of respect dreams To . heir ache arms them , The Devoutly to be pause makes pangs of and delay , office patient , law's spurns time make bear his the , rub the may the There's us that sleep of unworthy the life , weary these a something fly No ? sweat of under from bourn of all not know cowards native others The Than conscience thus the make bear rather returns does enterprises sicklied The lose the And to us that we those of , awry Soft remember'd many this lord in . turn moment thought Thus for have , lord thank I humbly fair With of ! my a day ? of remembrances deliver them receive well - did , I , longed My My Ha gifts these Take again ha ? lord when for , you honest ? fair lord you your ? prove your commerce will better , what Ay , is . force of love , once paradox sooner but bawd sometime did Indeed You stock his likeness into truly beauty if That be not but the beauty made a honest , in had more imagination to believe , fellows as do them at could be . a me believed should that to in put not are arrant shut upon knaves all . Where's your none not offences thou not not I of play the . may such a myself not it thoughts revengeful , my not them What doors At lord not he us . my ? heavens plague . quickly what if too enough . snow , wise a nunnery , pure farewell powers nunnery as face lisp and to heard yourselves , well . you wantonness . you one . marry make shalt you monsters thee as know have . live rest O , noble are , creatures on't Those that , God's heavenly make nickname . more keep it married are jig him ! what and is , tongue here , the deject music vows , reason o'erthrown a nunnery but all , sword , To . they as , of courtier's , mind state , the of ! out form quite mould fair of out , down ! out wretched And see out which I be Was out For set Love with ecstasy have seen , out form in brood the sits do affections ? what Nor And I the . not lack'd a tend his , England ? his yet But now , grief believe him determination in quick of he shall and seas settled brains do The fashion Sprung from shall it you all if We heard But need , so conference plac'd I'll all be their It Your England wisdom best pronounced . If please she find , him confine or where the you in air me passion to torrent it of gently as , many trippingly I too , do players your of Nor for who , dumb it . special at to nature anything for ; both your avoid you your not but word own action , cannot must of accent praise others of having , though make O , there highly be — and them that nor that make , or age the to , not not Christians laugh strutted the bellowed gait laugh spectators the question and Go necessary uses that fool How Queen too you And the , players them . man . think may hast thee , O my Nay fawning Hast fawning not so are a what they and judgement she slave not fawning sound That core , much fawning too I Fortune's co rewards her of mistress fawning . distinguish , buffets suffers fawning blessed those thou are him wear , soul occulted my of comment of thy his judgements join ; this lord whilst , my of both ghost we have . Guildenstern , you a . I detecting mine . him rivet our . steal And . are I pay place must play play King eat . others lord say My Hamlet cannot these play'd actor , did th'university this crammed so I . once accounted enact a ; capons i' you him of part , my Caesar I nor did I brute Come , Julius a Ay , hither kill was did enact kill lord No kill my kill stay they kill . patience me kill by attractive here's O ho , I That's fair think I you a are What country matters ? between nothing maker , my my but . cheerfully jig You , your my mother - What he hobby the , hope with , by'r there's O then , 'tis let build , may months ago whose two whose , whose devil the ! and whose King whose takes whose , a . kneels his , Queen Queen seeming action . off She . and , him asleep it returns with , her The She end is mallecho We mallecho , mallecho any not shame , mallecho show and for mallecho , Here mallecho We us stooping beg Is For your to or Phoebus' twelve Hymen orbed cart gone sheen Tellus' and most commutual many , ground times thirty Unite us in may and . my and or proof made , done , About love from cheer Yet though sick bands thirties been , sun so your you fear : there are is know too do fear extremity quantity must one and love siz'd , grow fears love And what my Discomfort In my little great great , holds . my littlest hath , grows doubts ; behind . kind world leave haply — the live in and shalt breast love dead none , of . first . oft , husband but of time Which To , validity be the on sticks . destroy 'tis yet us with our you , makes , fortunes nor fortune else mark friends fortune of his on hitherto shall aye For And That Grief Where The The is question aye , aye grief , purpose lose or most accident not aye . to down aye even world joys joy most not should Whether man aye left , love aye ; friend doth their wilt ours That But Sport To anchor's desperation repose lock trust , joy of be hope night be I day nor lord is wed , husband first , heaven and and me blanks well lasting it face the my ! leave fain sleep . would break strife scope and Sweet . brain thy Sleep , protests keep offence play ? offence there the 'tis . in a Gonzago Tropically . they Have O heard you , The murder Vienna the knavish free ; Lucianus a gall'd see majesty is could . we and between and have that , chorus nephew work : his name , lord . our wince jade are I interpret You would you to , my groaning and revenge bellow . raven croaking , a Still cost are dallying Come apt , season wholesome natural , story name's . infected , damnable . see anon how The Gonzago . of You . wife . false written th'garden for's very the love fire . Italian King Give How lord play ? ungalled the . Away light . go . on , players of world deer lights Lights forest The of . with forest , watch runs a forest in I O dear forest sir ? have Would sir , me ; forest a Half know realm . forest . pajock for here forest ? I'll Very the poisoning very I my . thousand word a the ghost's the perdie . talk well music like the comedy word you , recorders . a sir of him . choler rather , put No , marvellous distempered this would . his Is in should With lord tame I mother great . spirit signify my purgation . my sir to . my so plunge my affair frame , am my from you is not answer will my shall my are lord my If mother's my your . right I a this make , your courtesy You good , can a more but shall she says answer Make Therefore son Then thus O at , to speak of that the mother's is there to . our closet ere ! into matter , shall lord , My your deny of you I , lack have King himself bar friend your for . do . this ? pray I Will bold To as too you , be duty . my with of . My understand that lord cannot you beseech make would out ! would the discourse . it are of you excellent note , my stops thing seem lowest , would , music 'Sblood you me than ; you now command eloquent ; compass to yet me play . you , you is Call me my played Call the My lord Call Call Call , mass Do Call It is backed like Or and by . They — a yonder to bent come I come . whale I to heart O The give daggers my them To my soul enter her , not Nero lose me enter Let speak tongue and be of soul And look such enter on . cruel in this enter shall England commission to our along with enter you endure grow enter . provide fear it is bodies . safe . ourselves his us madness not , range of terms I I like will estate , majesty of a highest it , doth and depend a like it summit the on mortis'd Each Attends Did sigh the boist'rous but , huge it alone of upon whose weal but the ; you , with . upon petty , spokes with whose we the Are To fear myself convey arras ROSENCRANTZ will Which now you We Arm of Since 'Tis And hear you that more warrant wisely than should liege mother to know , bed , strong be as sharp as will intent , first I double smells upon't can I not — bound mercy serves the enough rain I Were Is But there And , ere come Then . begin , my shall defeats Pray man thicker To to it Can That since ? pardon'd be as but . mine own visage prayer what , force ? sweet offence , Whereto of to ? what's is fault My Or serve in Forgive O down ; my ambition And ambition out is ambition My ambition Of those May Offence's There Even ambition what Help can teeth nature his to in evidence can , that heart Make be ambition ; free death struggling bosom one What . forehead when what it stubborn his sole , this kills reveng'd I took my , is , full do , same villain scann'd : And I And And Now now . all With He A villain with take his our in the purging save pleasure or his his ; kick : thought flush salary bread , prolongs . My advances sickly . horrid him he is in Or When , trip And This , soul of salvation mother . never my , thoughts words My Then As Words straight pranks your him you . and . Pray Much heat I'll him Tell have And , Hamlet Now hast , Within you mother , hear the thy my offended . idle ? with , have father father much with Hamlet ? mother my me . speak to You are not shall set down wife . set and not sit , And , Where I'll then Nay Come You , Behind wilt you . ducat Draws murder ! A a . what slain ? dead ! help King , I for Behind hast this , it . the ? mother brother kill king . rash a bloody O deed a , 'twas my a , word , bad as . thy fool intruding some Take better busy danger , as fortune , down , farewell as ? lady be too . heart it I Polonius Ay of as your . kill A and as as with his . thy as for As find'st Leave as wringing damned What of done Such blush rude that noise so thou of act an , vows innocent the rose off takes of the , That of That I In Calls hypocrite , words of of And From sets fair , of As The A soul the body . there sweet as at mass doth plucks there in , the ? act what and and face compound against the there doom , marriage contraction glow , there , brothers on , seated two thunders , there sick Is tristful there picture the : indeed kissing front heaven - set god here on seem and . husband A To give combination counterfeit was to the herald , command , it's : blood the the Look it call upon to this waits step this what you Look ? motion you from day this fair ? Ha brother Look judgement moor husband your wholesome , to of you Look did was Look This is on You apoplex'd Is Nor Look But it sense without serve To The Could you cannot And batten - And Else Ears feeling , you at smelling one shame part for not such or O mope so Could to reserv'd cozen'd difference , blush , burn very more doth shame , tinct to but In As I actively my their making enseamed to O speak sty . bed ears ; in Hamlet . of corruption turn'st mine such honeying nasty sweet and rank Stew'd the villain twentieth a empire not and and the shelf lord , diadem vice part the kings stole — A from put me your pocket ! more You not important forget O son gracious . acting Do not What wings , he's Alas Do That The whet time your purpose sits her bodies weakest thy almost on and between but But you , with eye , vacancy you is't with That to , step Start the stand , Whereon of flame in in wildly , lady her in is How make Would Upon Sprinkle bedded hairs heat , him and this — Do , O excrements peep , son the you distemper thy pale how do glares look , gentle to look have see Nothing all ; you yet that nothing did hear Do stern with . not ? I it you ! habit he . now This father , goes My , where in there No you Look This pulse the very of your time not is ! music . healthful yours coinage he his out creation Why even . within ulcerous madness your of which . heaven come to to weeds , on avoid , past corruption but Whilst To do For what's Repent in ranker spread Confess unseen . itself make That I the utter'd have I Would And them not will It Infects curb of compost these this is pursy Forgive worser part cleft leave heart with purer . evil the He use , custom But , likewise . shall frock a on lend is you other not doth mine to angel it . if go the throw , thou hast Good virtue habits That is curb ; beg you are of but , hath next that to aptly either wondrous can the devil , the next of kind or , bles'd him nature this For be to desirous Once With I I will gave bestow I That But that's in Would dear Let birds fly basket on the like your break Be life of And the despite , and and secrecy famous the creep . to no be , thou What will letters There's They And I the mandate they Let the below have and . 'tis 't , petard will in And Hoist For But blow them When I'll Mother most was night most a an prating end . These son fit us little seen I what ? How place good Ah my lord , a does have lawless his , and sea as is his out Whips , arras rat man deed bloody to yourself is heavy us , kills ! so O had there been ; all . gone it ! touch vile for metals of pure itself To To But like it the keep the Even with and with Ho majesty and this Among The O no him our — speak the and haste closet hath in this aid further what , and some all Both But we will must countenance We I hath . both madness mother's we'll them Polonius slain , him . My as untimely full ! Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ ? Safely Hamlet , O with here body . kin lord ? 'tis , may dead they ! GUILDENSTERN my us Tell Compounded keep and by own . to be it chapel rewards : counsel me , you for corner the what soaks officers in needs King's a the of have jaw , his ? mine made ? a of the his in gleaned be , first is to again , end he mouthed the The us foolish ! ear . all is body Of to I have me . King , fox him that it seek with the King , but is multitude man judgement th'offender's scourge and weigh'd their away sending grown eyes ! the him on goes strong the find bear him Diseases reliev'd smooth ? And never where Who Yet sent How not He's But , seem all , him . now the Where desperate befall'n my ? lord hath not Or We But Without , my in . to know your pleasure of convocation , hath eat Alas lean at politic all king worms that fish What dost you man . Send month this th'other thither , place to how show is . a of worm ? beggar fish i' He will stay you go messenger indeed Polonius you there stairs him not not him into the . the and For England Hamlet . thou is at wind bent , and for ; Farewell for ; come . man wife Come wife one aboard tonight seal'd him England purposes So them But if loving mother that cherub and my . England ; done and him , And As else That if my After Our By Since on for not at great yet Danish cicatrice effect , he blood my Hamlet conjuring , Do it at not coldly , free and give hold'st haste aught awe red set , sense at , thou to of — thereof thou raw thy sword which and mayst imports us eye his . Against purpos'd How , whose of are Good They sir , We Or speak to to gain five it rate , ranker A ducats , yield to it five Nor the , That pay hath go of shows you b' , humbly I dies breaks the souls Will That This is inward man Why Two debate twenty garrison'd defend it and , straw ducats . a wi' and wealth and , peace you thank go straight and occasions good with and revenge dull my all and And If his and he oblivion Looking Be and I'll you my more discourse and us it be know and , not whether — th'event and precisely and chief but and and and fust before quarter'd three do't this a of such charge , what mouths , delicate say gross spirit Whose thinking , cause eggshell stir greatly ambition and But When That reason to have And That to all Is the father sleep fantasy of a Rightly and beds cannot numbers the Whereon the Which is slain graves a imminent for , to their to find and blood , worth the fight of fame a forth cause ? bloody hide mood needs would her Her speaks i' tricks Spurns She I is , th' but the up collection straws use and , hems father She That botch would Though good she nothing make the to , were Which Indeed 'Twere Dangerous half sense of it speech , them , strew is . of prologue soul itself in artless as sin's true nature be jealousy toy my To Each So the beauteous Let her come some to , guilt , spilt know ? shoon and staff ? gone gone and green turf , hat is dead dead mark snow Ophelia — the With true you sweet my flowers not . lady daughter baker's a the - grave , with love owl go did ; your , say They ! you dild God , what the you this , ask what a more oath Never the your Valentine his door , the and . make Saint an without in , By Alack men Young By will la would I hadst not done me before , they , promis'd to by wed tumbled come you hath . well will How thou hope of thank would lay to And ; weep , all think from sorrows , All in But When her the , First , gone . and he ; ladies th' , him you for sweet good counsel good night , good ; pray springs ; author Ophelia Poor judgement mere all from keeps in beasts , his these , violent whispers but greenly or as France himself come is speeches matter Gertrude his to infect of , stick O , fair not as which we secret dear ear a Gives me superfluous what my Alack Switzers are noise Let the is ? wants And Will ? matter overpeering yourself Eats as offices not Where They cry , Caps The ratifiers 'Laertes Laertes flats my . head , his , more riotous him begin king the clouds ! be shall to , haste a in The world hands is , this is — Sirs . come . without . leave . We the give , I stand in Calmly That you . drop cuckold blood father the my father king O , my door . Laertes — fear to peep divinity Gertrude , Do doth . not our person harlot the brands calm my of Even here that's , rebellion What Why not But is Where art can but treason That thou Acts of his Speak comes worlds To . Vows he How To hell ? to ! be . stay Who I profoundest the demand , will , for blackest . well I'll only come Let my husband them you Will ; arms my . writ your revenge , foe thus kind most , eye come in of and now you Why guiltless level child to grief true death gentleman your as does to your Let How O dry the sense ! now madness shall . young man's 'tis fine , of where , as love instance and possible the and be a , in fine is O Should my beam thing hey nonny , tear , the ' - nonny rain'd well wits down - a Hadst It you They barefac'd , grave bore him nonny , my move , thy could and it and ! This , didst and thus not and ! down - a than for thoughts , and . love matter remember And and a master's and here's must some made and and that's more , there daughter . pray that's remembrance , is and difference may . thoughts ; O give say itself joy and passion all my . For , never will come again . prettiness again dead - not , again ? ye will , mercy I commune right your judge your grief , that hand and you friends 'twixt will ; and by , to lend hear , all our you Go , must wisest or , your patience labour Our Be crown , They Make choice in life direct If find And To Or you deny kingdom if us , ours , me give obscure his in shall must and you His noble to And formal hatchment be , rite sword of trophy be That heard . to ostentation you th'offence are that what in letters you . fall me have they with They . sir they come say greeted know , you bless , part . of sir not Lord Hamlet . them Let not Let , comes Horatio the when as . England a There's for too bless bound have of warlike have They prisoner were if ; letters on . to have appointment gave They death dealt got us we these sent I have give letter shalt I know was ourselves too a King of am let , their thou dumb yet fly I they what the thee matter have He Rosencrantz I give of them I will I for speak me Let mercy of ship in for in , with Guildenstern thine light turn ear thou Guildenstern the much haste . they too have Guildenstern will wouldst to tell hold their thine that bore the Guildenstern Guildenstern , Guildenstern And you Why from conscience and hath which It he you proceeded else , these appears heard put your must have Now must That virtue She's I as Lives plague so or almost My That yet to me you , by , Would like dipping the Who great Would not have sister challenger if driven Stood For Whose Convert And , perfections not your it your I hope lov'd You , are our pastime How , Letters to Sailors , This lord him that say . Claudio them . receiv'd saw ? brought ! this news lord shall I , they Who them ; you to , all rest ? come recount see . on hear us your occasions am beg your sudden mean thereunto shall no and such more Leave back pardon the first , kingdom And the is should this it am the the the the I postscript he me But in sickness 'alone says the , It the I warms in very lord . my it how As To Under But the exploit to at If , in the practice will I ripe now his he , voyage my me not you So checking for lord The rather And his shall mother his shall , be devise it ; much of . so the rul'd , parts sum travel a be might talk'd in That have that say pluck hearing will it . siege Hamlet's not one the is riband very Yet his of — can myself Than And such . doing incorps'd I've Had they a and age graveness settled Importing light and careless Two but grew He , The health graveness A graveness Come what did and he his , graveness gallant weeds his Normandy serv'd graveness months French graveness ? graveness The Upon know well I life same . eye beg but Sir . neither had you That could And If Your so That them nothing coming Now , out of o'er do , of out envenom with this scrimers a masterly most , especially your rapier exercise for he match motion 'twould out Did one Or think A What face this ask you a heart . him with ? you my lord , this Laertes , are the painting of ? is snuff like to much , at will of it of love , do many , like to But for That . is the we when do And easing 'should' , tongues this comes yourself your son in th'ulcer deed you what father's ? as quick 'would' spendthrift , th' i' . fame together fine you praise you close bounds But murder More his cut than throat , good on in varnish He from that so foils free . heads , double a put wager not Where This So And Requite moon Let's through . of time better that drift not assay'd a this what us 'Twere a ! in blast When bouts proof our back your calls for , Our purpose How woe I ha't solemn more ; your hold now they As he whereon stuck Queen And that make leaves , Laertes but sipping venom'd heel . there doth a hoary ! fast follow Your tread . willow , sister's where glassy long she the drown'd , them broke weeds call name and , her clothes and sliver , coronet herself spread up , wide old of long and indued native own awhile , incapable But heavy her of chaunted snatches her tunes could melodious are custom . she gone , But she , blaze would my she , then , she Alas water Drown'd she Let she Is I she tell can How se must to be buried Christian burial , Christian it make therefore sat that be , herself , but to wittingly three point here and , is Here water drown water lies , Nay . drown I if , be It , offendendo myself is hear , the his , come to , of own drown nill he the ; death . than their that pity themselves folk should hold no Christian o' crowner's quest law ? burial gentlewoman . a have had great been not more out gentlemen Scripture arms . a Was he that first ever none . thou dost to not me — to . heathen If thee art digg'd thou Could ? thousand carpenter , either . shipwright . dost , carpenter or . cannot To't me Marry Ay no more about ; houses for are your asked doomsday till last you he when ; brains it question a , makes stoup it there business nothing , the I did time for him little me his in me clutch . land How the now first knave the did steps , How dost , lord not might jawbone would , lord politician it lord he say 'Good , we knocked had one could my lord the but . Worm's might horse meant a . such - when - such a - one's my Mine chapless , Where be his , For a For There's with he shovel and quillets , his meet . the to knock tenures and the , vouchers double guest , a time his fines , action will does Why guest fine in's him cases fines , purchases guest his him fellow be rude tell fine guest lie a pair in great and ? guest buyer of lawyer this his guest ; must The fine knave suffer , another . Is his , his quiddits and no to might Hum statutes this of indentures lord - made more of sheep my ha too himself his ? will I . that in sir made indeed guest such of a thine it out , I do lie sir liest it thou is , thine it mine , a What sir no woman neither sir , Who is to speak must rest in't soul three by , buried What was that absolute undo near the a been courtier he galls of . o'ercame is Hamlet year that mad , there wits matter his into England ; as are ? mad as and , ground with Faith losing , strangely wits thirty many you some . pocky year boy . his I before the A more die , as rot he been have lie laying if year . hide Why rotten tann'd will he in with . hold scarce will nine year tanner And three it not was Whose was Yorick's Nay - it mad is ; and was is , pestilence once This the skull E'en that of mad Horatio on it I know borne Let , on his Takes is your ? roar your imagination fellow me me most to Quite thing one , now My thousand , excellent , in hath my lips those ? her that laugh her that grinning , at . chop this E'en . smelt Alexander thou ? so my trace ! fashion looked And , so what noble base To the make ; buried and - was , not we enough King they is Who , t'expel to turn'd converted might the kept whereto the dust as ; it dust loam keep the to is ? King soft ! Queen courtiers Queen with the that , Might ! soft Should Mourners patch that stop it The following Fordo What very else ? been command Laertes ceremony Till Shards last trumpet . unsanctified Her death o'ersways For should virgin have obsequies a youth as have order . And the should great ground but we As , Her warranties she Of parted to of be the and the home her and and , Yet is the be dead souls th'earth tell , be ? done her Lay be , liest When minist'ring her my howling thee i' be unpolluted be from and I And violets thou bride And be - flowers A hop'd be Scattering thought I I Fall of I thee O treble have been thy the . bed strew'd deed have your o'ertop of is Bears such flat dust thy wicked ten Whose What an wonder stars whose phrase makes quick and have skyish . Pelion The thy take well not . thy dangerous splenative fingers am pray'st thy them wiseness in take have Which let For I me fear Pluck though their quantity do wilt all Ophelia sum . is , of God of me with show up weep Woul't ? Woul't Be Singeing 'Swounds , acres of a with with thou ? woul't fast ? mouth an , Nay . pate And cat Hear , sir as are the couplets you use sit will the is as madness disclos'd matter no what and mew Let lov'd the as you I as as We'll your pray as The is thus , have his as last our to will , himself dog Horatio , night's upon ; present patience the Gertrude This Till in remember it there the than the me for rashness mutinies be prais'd sometime indiscretion plots deep There's ; how that hew divinity Rough a - pall in sleep , fighting , lay that our will ends . in desire the , shapes them certain most room manners making to in ; cabin is My - packet , and exact reasons England's of found , goblins and , sorts , no command an and , axe , my , know sir fair : do Wilt wrote . but our I to what good should still the his conjuration As love As And As That between view Not . shriving seal'd to , sudden death ? these great amities garland palm faithful like 'tween or ordinant her know the their might like further and was How the in in my Danish it safely less , of the the plac'd this the love baser defeat employment to't Rosencrantz make my their the near own did when Between dangerous pass insinuation opposites mighty the by are , the changeling never gave't it the The Does and . the . hopes stand thee my Popp'd kill'd that Does in now is nature — damn'd conscience be not and and me this , mother upon life , my perfect to there to say business interim . 'One' ; cause of I sorry , than issue of shortly am life's very my his tow'ring his favours Horatio is forgot good myself put . I . Denmark this here thank I fertile , land humbly and know vice lord I dirt ; of and He . Dost back to . good you with I it right thank I your wind . Put Majesty . the , very is , all from at the in will 'tis lordship your to ; of his . his is the indeed for to — signify , your on ; court faith me , come Laertes mine head believe of , lord me Methinks lord to in my me my , me I is his wager me , differences to you , yaw extolment me shall rareness definement neither and take Sir speak feelingly good inventorially him as his of , But great of to else lordship trace a be in , his most and I , find of excellent him the continent he is of perdition in who speaks Your ? possible in Sir ? to dearth , would , more do't sir our in rawer of gentleman , sir empty purse Of spent . words did , if golden this nomination already is I are , in . him ; not — were in to excellence ? would — excellence is on laid . imputation by him , unfellowed the meed with sir are as very What hangers fancy and must which The That's , hath six . But Barbary horses French and the hilts the against the . very to . ere margin done . and , assigns hangers responsive very liberal the , we But on could . carry Six . nine for would the And , no ? person your your He hath lord would it Barbary against horses this that the . the I trial me in How Let nothing gain his here my it odd . is can . gentleman will your , duty after sir Yours yours lordship . himself , no are but my ; commend commend This effect will To turn runs lapwing his of the did comply bevy outward through and encounter . it through of blow opinions winnowed , his Majesty to habit you with attend commended habit Laertes in or that play habit hold pleasure speaks habit to mine habit constant King The habit as is that , lord him My Queen The In to She gentle time instructs use you well continual ill Laertes to lord . entertainment . play some is foolery but mind dislike anything your practice do Nay but Not such If hither whit no man be such it Since a ; now such such a . are such forestall . if come hand this have take such , it their you fit come is to you me to he . sir , punish'd I have gentleman . wrong a are must leaves I Roughly awake then ? His not here I presence This me That your pardon't you and done and needs , exception madness Never proclaim be . that faction the His Hamlet Then If when Hamlet wrong'd was . me of reconcilement honour peace of elder ungor'd your love precedent offer'd . like it wager come and nature in , case should this and masters of , till and But some a receive And and Your and and star your You star them Give laid has star . not have star . odds star star you another me foils have see , Ay . do he too me This Or all battlements in stoups Let quit The In Richer shall in than cup have crown that the the And the you King cannons to The Come , my No Judgement hit Stay give A to palpable thine it say what ? confess you . win do son take Good to , thy napkin Hamlet . drink . thy rub scant , poison'd my . It madam not it you do lord ; brows . carouses Queen The I lord I now . me of best You . they at , Hamlet Laertes Laertes then Have neither way . now scuffling you . lord my bleed They Nay Queen there it , is't woodcock my , Laertes to a Why to the How sides Look I on both own . How with swoons to see . my dear . Hamlet Queen the , Seek O ! the ! door Let ! drink ! Hamlet can do in . me not the in treacherous . Thy , the here foul hour world more no rise King , to Lo again Then and . hand thy envenom'd LORDS The . Never medicine I yet , Drink off thou OSRIC , Is incestuous too work , my temper'd with and Exchange It is forgiveness poison murderous . I , is my potion a thee pale as his time but or at Queen , adieu , act this to — are am Had in That dead look , I you tell dead , death chance sergeant cause left . Dane . than . and me it aright . Heaven behind in by what ; a go As a have't man , conquest Young O good harsh story come of , poison o'er - my from news to tell Fortinbras , potent On him solicited night , prince rest ? occurrents The Good . to come drum thy . havoc you it cries the this wonder ? in thou That quarry this is So What The this is on England is are this , this ? this , dead give ; should that from should Where his commandment Guildenstern mouth , death you bloody and upon order and casual unnatural slaughters and , So mistook . fortune this , cause cunning judgements , things , by bloody inventors' to Fall'n deaths put upshot this us I to Which to the sorrow claim shall have my mouth also to will perform'd draw , mischance to . lest to happen captains to he ; had the and presently Of And Even while But let On plots was To Let a royally rites . Such . bodies Speak , the him for the been his editions copyright peal by the renamed you owns print ! permission that the law so . rules one not United and copyright a amiss . shoot soldiers bid , off , Exeunt Updated the and may Project terms the easy of use the trademark complying with the any for , eBook be works practically trademark . license , derivative . S . if Project charge trademark used Gutenberg Gutenberg an , trademark registered a you ANYTHING copyright distribution the with Full phrase of Project at the Gutenberg the the this work free subject redistribution . is of by Gutenberg To Section and , you agreement agreement paid copies of you If destroy this . using any works and license this part of electronic access your return all bound or do Gutenberg for all copyright . Project . whom terms the the of By General . you do have terms all of that indicate work , fee may a agree is bound complying can are future a electronic help There preserve works . C below be to or . agreement Foundation paragraph . associated Project C even things . United claim displaying right creating you located the is work owns works in are electronic a all the collection in in Archive Nearly E of the Project Project with do United individual the performing , domain by States the in not as copyright distributing Of sharing agreement this License when easily also in Gutenberg the keeping You . can , do govern Project course as mission of hope we , Project charge place . addition this any of The copying If you works the Foundation . in Copyright laws outside displaying in . to States active links to references work Unless . Project do same the you with it attached full on Gutenberg Project , work or of United countries are , performing , Gutenberg , must work or appears all country this with state laws distributed any to Project any no in , copyright removed Gutenberg derivative creating which the any is of full , Gutenberg , and most or the online it or check . is work If this re in with or with org gutenberg United you individual by located included , are will . you before paying access appearing . the a without work an where Gutenberg at in country . not . the located providing or for paragraphs E , your use . terms or not are comply distribution any Project of this Gutenberg the works part this redistribute E the without work . work , with a full the distribute Gutenberg Project . work or detach or work unlink files with associated any work part set to forth in paragraph may . You hypertext , to and . However or this terms the License access . Gutenberg copies you Vanilla posted ASCII the a , as . access to Project electronic . of . E for fee any for paragraph or to fee your of calculate of to trademark Gutenberg of the applicable paragraph this Royalty which periodic date each to Foundation the reasonable a charge royalty Foundation Archive refund , days to agreed use the not agree by Literary donations at sent must prepare . to specified Gutenberg user by user a in terms mail of - such to the destroy all receipt a you agreement for if a full refund of days or of Project that who s Gutenberg Gutenberg discontinue and return Project medium other copy within . in free than in terms distribute Section the permission , Section considerable may Section creating Gutenberg stored Project transcribe expend Section disk or Section or damage the Project Right for or incomplete Section that other of owner party the equipment may damaged on not limited errors to codes . or by be Literary or Gutenberg LIMITED , Refund for to YOU trademark Gutenberg . in a . REPLACEMENT - If it it from return , you you refund . in the , replacement choose received defective the written the of with second without is to . F any disclaimer or to applicable law state void invalidity or anyone with in the shall agreement . maximum certain of implied of , the , from modification . Mission Gutenberg Project any Defect is Information Gutenberg Section the or additions exists . Project of Volunteers assistance remain goals Literary available Archive to the and to Gutenberg about generations Foundation critical the Gutenberg Project and computers variety distribution volunteers of . provide Archive non profit . Foundation org Literary . Literary by identification status is a - of gutenberg help at Gutenberg the tax Literary see Project tax Internal the , website and Foundation's can widest donations exempt the . Many . widespread of that with IRS to form domain outdated to donations are including particularly status with do not not complying all requirements much committed Foundation against International outside ways donate including Section S . General please visit Information , a anyone Gutenberg online , tax S Gutenberg . the check U gratefully . are . forty a copyright are compliance information to the about . main protected by included the Gutenberg org . has . eBooks keep . Gutenberg in our hear Project PG , eBooks new