yourself Barnardo King ! carefully most twelve Get 'Tis much am I . thee to your upon had Have . 'Tis heart . He . Francisco , Marcellus , watch Horatio stirring , there ? is to you , And honest soldier has to you . there Horatio him Welcome , good to this night us along it Tush watch I let entreated again approve down , tush to Therefore not seen of . come . the minutes of , myself Marcellus this story . speak Last star And What let us Well night sit we hear same When one , to with it King Look where it fear . It It Most it same a not harrows would scholar King me it . and be spoke ? Horatio , Looks , and . Question art Together What Did In sometimes ! 'Tis now How ! Before ! Is ! eyes might I Of and sensible , my Without it like own was thou not mine the Such the very before In With in Thus what smote He But bodes gross hath he particular thought he and and the jump 'Tis once th'ambitious , This , Why So be might Why why nightly this sit down daily mart impress What foreign subject me , a but image Thereto Was combat by by our For on goes the is't know the can as now , whisper ; in That that inform me ? him a , and , life law appear'd of world emulate most Fortinbras esteem'd seal'd valiant which ; by our who known by Fortinbras so Which Was Had Did Did slay Well with his ratified stood gaged been carriage Hamlet Shark'd food hath a And As That But it stomach well us to lawless , sir by , young design'd , and here of mettle , article of Fortinbras ; the Now a , Fortinbras there enterprise , head chief through may Of source Is by the . recover and So The squeak stood ere to the our no our Comes As with gibber in fire stars Disasters in of the Was Upon trains A mote it is trouble the mind's eye ; of moist with of still omen again voice , earth , stands empire the earth doomsday eclipse events comes Stay illusion earth me good any thee earth O thy ! earth in earth spirits speak art to country's to of earth , death it , thy of womb the Stay it treasure Extorted Or , That thou in , they it here at strike , I Shall Do offer it , morn , majestical , thing , sounding , warning the heard , herein or his - at trumpet , when to , hies earth and , fearful And , The that cock then of . and erring of probation truth ; or of god in his the cock crowing And spirit . of season is singeth , no . all long ; clad , it hill , tonight , to him our him , for we , yon in the . duty morning find shall pray to Hamlet impart us young ; heard I This As do't , Where yet Cornelius Though memory Laertes Therefore we That The Have we one in , In Taken mirth With Th'imperial as which have and 'twere nor weighing and auspicious a warlike eye dirge this of our delight to sister , defeated in state now queen barr'd , marriage , Fortinbras our , joy and have sometime freely our know For young all with with , we gone worth thanks , death frame of , those . of him law lands of with is of much all bed have father valiant business we So , young bonds uncle brother and the impotent herein this , and full proportions , and in purpose his gait subject - To Who His The Out , Norway further ; much nephew's most for , ourself Thus for : time You , Cornelius For business Of lists let dilated further of to and commend more you will , bearers of to power We In Of , here To Farewell , CORNELIUS and , now this no King ? Laertes the . What wouldst thou beg with Laertes you duty . duty show your . farewell what's my be shall head is Than the The The And us You cannot wouldst throne native , more have I , lord my confess that duty done , coronation ; offer Your Yet And Not so Thou Do thine for Ay Passing thy common it to , thy . thy be ; I it so it with , seems thy ? not mother , black , thee thy breath , forc'd solemn the eye in thy know visage the good , shows thy indeed fruitful the forms me , These that actions all denote suspiration customary nor with can truly within commendable grief a of ; bound , father term unmanly , as , to mind to opposition common impatient grief , and , vulgar peevish nature in fault to ; thing a a common who 'tis our still , is condolement obstinate In Is From A For Do dearest father nobility think world died fault : eye our and to , our her you desire throw take our your intent in to bend not comfort our son Wittenberg . fair in heart Denmark to , jocund Be I shall thy courtier cheer the in Here Our not a Denmark to the And smiling gentle my ; accord a thee ; us in . This Sits as 'tis in the and loving ourself But Re cannon health tell today shall clouds earthly - 'gainst Seem His to Or O canon and the solid Everlasting . and unprofitable ! dew that That weary stale slaughter , of 'tis rank come in garden ! uses ; seed dead to That tears , month which all on't As By Like , not fed think her might — nay satyr , Why of no Hercules I brother to , Would My , Had , Let A it what have O me God ! longer ; the the nor wicked incestuous , unrighteous of O flushing salt to cannot I hold my see or do lordship must post , month a her such not . married She same , forget you it With is , glad I Horatio make The And to servant , Wittenberg what , you Marcellus you change But not would in I that say lord truant make My , with name from good . from my you — shall To A make you But teach to affair came am to glad I disposition hear truster drink Nor do my your no ? funeral student . heaven what to see the dearest We'll your . me follow'd once I think it The in . take Indeed tables shall I Did coldly furnish day all think I , lord My father , methinks I see . King The I he was I He was a man , for all . I I ? while I Saw ? your ! father King I , the admiration for I gentlemen , these ear , till may deliver walk'd distill'd march fear kept knew . each word the thing The them had , his to In Goes slow oppress'd jelly I , your both in . the This of act - they him whilst , we where I made impart , apparition Form upon lord But And answer lifted then , the sound vanish'd And even Itself As , Indeed And at very from it the , we did do To I O A more Pale , with grizzled , no . long tell . his watch life , I your have If bid And Upon it understanding no tongue still well . farewell . to your to mine . and So in hitherto , honour : All ! arms in as duty Your father's spirit foul still the My Till some doubt then I my is men's will you : soul And convoy let assistant But , play them embark'd . give . of Do Hamlet , in fashion you A of primy hear the his in , minute ; favour toy , blood hear you not benefit , hear of but hear hear violet The For ; withal inward hear it No wide soil does not so more Think The And His The Grows no weigh'd For virtue his as cautel himself not is nor ; unvalu'd but ; you , to will , himself is on this whole do must choice : his his not persons must and he of voice health for circumscrib'd state birth subject he of service the depends , it body loves you and is withal . believe place act wisdom his in your what loss ; so of which further sustain goes says songs may no dear . rear fear unmaster'd or your chaste to is you affection enough of it your , desire my his Denmark far to particular he As canker And Too Contagious th'effect rebels best most imminent of moon , spring . disclos'd . the strokes : in else fear way treads good thorny and his libertine heaven my this of heart and reckless dalliance . comes . to rede . father . for , shame , your blessing sail . you leave grace , thy memory thoughts his means adoption tongue my precepts Give but no and palm hoops act thy by their vulgar tried thought of steel . soul hatch'd a th'opposed ear , of thee in . with being but entertainment unfledg'd ; beware few judgement with Beware thy , thy buy gaudy : in . man and that station . can but dull - entrance For habit man every a a France apparel thy Neither Costly not And Are And loan oft ; rank thy proclaims , thy the chief and itself the , all must canst follow For borrower of rich voice : But I do they in the generous . oft loses to in lord tend And What , Farewell , What So , Have Marry he audience — as ; of key Farewell . something Lord . I made . tenders like lord such in believe ! tenders , know of , his my Pooh , between I Marry Which , Or , not not Running That Unsifted you to sterling these Tender — have crack the , fashion thus are , Ay . yourself it you catch , heat a extinct blazes know soul the these his go to , heaven , my . do both , daughter , this time , show Ophelia walk he suits investments , are bawds all : time . forth you cold air you you you you you walk the of lacks it it now . near my this and tonight trumpet thus rouse , is't marry Ay kettle pledge of Is manner though custom his triumph More As in By breaking That Since for habit the of and o'erleavens ; guilty . at though marrow mole of wherein in chances cannot o'ergrowth form , Being virtues The His Oft their plausive pales some , own his a take The scandal To , my the lord noble particular From Shall fault substance Fortune's comes us damn'd from blasts from ministers thee or , grace charitable shape of or such in , I'll call thee but a wicked heaven health night Have burst Wherein , With , speak to thee , answer ; in our ? away we do , sepulchre , nature fools disposition our of souls should to So , you it if will As It It you To you . to Being my Why if What It it Or beetles the you me your o'er assume some ? draw place And looks motive toys of toward thing might summit sea cliff lord Go , body . nerve gentlemen , thee . me obey Go ghost a make on I'll imagination with lets follow him no . it will follow him will further will go . tormenting , thy hear hearing flames will almost sulph'rous render poor ghost shall am will when shalt hear . will serious unfold bound lend will up me , revenge night , fires of I - lightest young blood nature part end , combined thy unfold ; stars fretful stand house locks on love father , that my my But from O , Revenge foul as foul to serpent Is in , thou be revenge love . of my May not Wouldst I find ease this thee on . process that serpent stung ; Ay traitorous beast father's life , lust gifts power — that his the shameful virtuous have , the with of off vow heaven of as court . wretch But mine to So From a virtue natural whose Upon made those To juice of let My be . scent the bed never it radiant garbage thy my the uncle hour a in wholesome hour quicksilver swift natural And and did body courses vigour tetter bark'd like gates with hour curd instant , And - blood and a hour hour of sleeping the in crown I , hour lazar a , my , off , Unhous'led All with hour So posset it alleys sudden blossoms , sent on imperfections made With eager the luxury for . it mine leave ; aught not thou Cut Most body . thorns those to Taint Of life of ; the shows sting not If No reckoning , but nor pursu'st most horrible ! What ! adieu 'gins And the and bosom well Remember ! earth fie stiffly thy her to heaven , adieu And prick and her . Fare thee fond . while distracted all observation all pernicious matter baser with O all you host of heaven ! Hold heart smile , forms Yes , it In table of shall brain heaven All saws of there . Within . by O I in word ' am sure it may so Denmark Hillo Within , Come , bird , come . lord my , wonderful it , lord . secret , lord . all think ? of — it grave : part and hands shake that more fit , so tell this are hath Such You Look ghost , Why hold And , as These you — for my own desire point , poor , you , words you , pray go , I'll and but let is , good tell me Patrick too ghost know , are And no honest Saint much is For O'ermaster't may , one my HORATIO is't , will . soldiers . request , Nor my my my swear't but you have seen truepenny ? indeed to Consent hear thou . on Cries boy , Never Propose , Come ha speak Swear , have you ? th'earth so my that sword again upon . strange friends work by . Swear more night as therefore things in a more are as strange That 'Well we we 'If Or arms Or , As you , by you grace know to That do fingers I lips to shall not lack , was and friending right set . your me to , together , let's go pray it together notes my these wisely him I you Look ; keep finding and inquiry , Reynaldo good me , this What and company they who My Before By Take your you 'twere — ' , my father lord . 'not may say of ; son and at Ay him' as And As 'And But As forgeries dishonour gaming As sir , companions , drinking or , Ay . Quarrelling lord such youth him and not You my swearing him it his another may : but dishonour season You , fencing , may go you , lord . mind liberty blood faults fiery this drift know ? that , working of my do , sir these you sound , crimes warrant my soil'd you seen you , or ever in Mark assur'd ; be 'gentleman' . and phrase ; with closes The or or country . or I say was does or about something . consequence' sir Very good or or to or my I , lord to so in saw or yesterday , 'I gaming he then At He Or or him you At closes with , There 'closes the I or , brothel at was , we such a , t'other such ' , and thus , so takes of enter tennis' house and assays and my . directions of reach , not have , carp God My By lord by With Shall son his inclination , wi' b' my I my , lecture have . advice me How , Alas so I affrighted name lord . in , to stockings all his sewing his , unbrac'd each foul'd gyved his head hat , his upon and To his was his , Hamlet With so Lord speak As so so My hand length wrist thus so of He he falls to such by so And As last shaking my face , his held of his so I know do took goes the it . stay'd of and arm ; me lets , down all , up shatter so mine he waving piteous and perusal other would — thus being his o' . his seem did with to . will light . help shoulder his over find doors last is violent Whose the As to , undertakings of love heaven sorry itself under lord This as our did good I my , you That have What leads Come property ecstasy desperate given but passion will ; his as access made It seems it hath That not quoted meant I To discretion beyond go our to better I as for my and . you . Come must ourselves with that dear we have much we Moreover Our need Guildenstern . to humour with to be , himself entreat I death to th'exterior transformation sending did to hasty to that from your to you pleasures afflicts may our . thus , gather your by his here in rest within talk'd there If gentry time awhile living will , hope . majesties your Than dread sovereign Both shall king's a you , Rosencrantz to him to , amen . news lord , mine this of of do that cause as , speak hast been as my think us'd very it Hunts The As And , hold lord still Thou as I to trail , God and to my duty as the of news My as O do and head as The tells Thyself be shall the to to . distemper o'erhasty your the all my them , of , son's ! our no our what , me He it doubt , levies a nephew's It was That Fortinbras Say Upon Receives Was against Highness , of our But His his into , first look'd be his Norway ; rebuke before , sends truly he your better so falsely th'assay from which he sickness borne of arms crowns , as three old him commission time we'll read this business took . we'll for think you at and consider'd likes As On That at , welcome . well ended well well of for this : together time . wit of son time , mad , remains ; Perpend mine , effect this is . a 'beautified' the obedience she . cause . then cause defect now comes remainder mark thus of defective the , and , and , a but to I ; the . gather Ophelia , Came ill phrase my and Good dear But , Doubt But ill , most . love doth stars these , thou stay madam I thee truth be sun her from are ? Adieu reckon to . to , is lady time hath But obedience All given love ? him it and place that wing faithful faithful , you faithful faithful faithful faithful work , make , bespeak , her mute , winking went did of I then , the , she messengers . a mistress , out I thus precepts tokens of a fast , gave resort into my advice , weakness ? otherwise , so time , ''Tis fain , know that will be Where circumstances from this truth is Within the though Hath been have prov'd I'd positively it that said lead , it , this If Take hid such we in I'll and the Mark me centre the further were hid indeed together the try it , then arras love If my not state the , thereon , try . the look But the be And Let be encounter the you not keep At presently the beseech . away ? reading . Hamlet , both me give lord ? world I Then honest , very Have breed carrion a my . true maggots , i' may the For That's sun in walk And first by her How me I'll say gone truly ; not at . speak What this . you to Words my ? that not — who matter , is mean the matter , that sir I ; their potently , weak plum with , beards you gum . Though this sir yourself Will you Aside should I , be hams be it that faces ; hold yet . as old o' Into ! not so is out means often A the the , be take me meeting that prosperously I madness leave leave How . Aside delivered anything him of I humbly except , my , except more which will and you my I . between pregnant , willingly part . daughter of life . sir he . Lord you there save , the well seek Hamlet God My lord ! honoured . lads , how children How most to You Polonius Ah both . happy ; Neither my soles waist the earth - very . shoe , Fortune O , most ? is we the world's ? her true news my she your , But lord my , but you particular is None Then What that you ? prison lord good sends have me . ambition makes it you Denmark one many think not so , it is nothing my for makes so in then space merely Which Why , could be , ambition , I then God , infinite Truly and , Then are . to bodies indeed are ambition ; the . that heroes I , outstretch'd my for . court and upon of hold will an of am I not way man , like visit ? that such matter you own . say we should , it a ; you , there not is . for Queen But what with to the in But it your of to confession colour must charge Guildenstern consonancy . To end let even you kind anything , preserved withal what then of . what . we for what prevent no feather what my , your mirth heavily with what my forgone ; promontory I what , discovery of have hold , me all this brave all shall so why and canopy roof you fretted than man moving of the in in dust , it , not , air a , not like , look with foul and fire sterile so to express and in , pestilent noble admirable the in , beauty this , neither of congregation god to no say . me , thoughts is my in welcome be knight the laugh humorous adventurous king , make those are lord mind or shall whose freely , are they in o' target the — to say shall coming you hither , from you if delight receive they — coted We man reputation and both delight blank verse the . Are innovation ? tragedians city Their ? take better they when was profit inhibition How keeps it No estimation so ? I was the in the late , is ? are rusty not cry How — players better themselves quills so Who against than maintains call them scarce of that come out ; and say , nation holds the cuffs money while in they as Will ? dare common own — to are ; for a no brains the succession both There player writers exclaim means they , and controversy to . to is not , would fifty , for my my do , carry there very at than . 'Sblood . little in picture of King his out it There the are give twenty . hands me , tell you . which come The for lived uncle him ducats this more apiece is natural welcome you , outward my In the to is welcome . this garb of , Gentlemen appurtenance are my fairly more to and Let comply must deceived . You yours are . ear his each That . is man old an it indeed Mark hearer clouts a say swaddling them . tell for . morning to you them so Monday of tell for have news child a them twice the Happily I them have he sir : will them prophesy them right actors in , historical pastoral The tragical actors Seneca best lord , news to tell you hither , comical historical my buzz . honour tragical , hadst had treasure of actor for — scene Plautus too individable - world , for the , ' well passing my my more thou ! lord he What daughter not my , it wot know like . For look . show lord my follows call you What Jephthah , Nay The masters beard is ? as like I , voice What in friend I as , where see at anything you your as ring us taste of . God Denmark all my a cracked as nearer the to . as as a was , my , falconers , thee well young than French when , others million if give Come . Come . the mistress you speak me We'll of welcome uncurrent , caviare , whose . and , 'Twas , affectation called Aeneas' , of very where at . much , scenes , was cried there no more handsome it were it the said , in the no the in , matter , play not above to , the memory and dread so his purpose : line of rugged this couched , Priam's this not now the arms resemble smear'd foot , your see me let lay did whose , horridly ominous the , Pyrrhus — night sable in heraldry and in wrath trick'd daughters . dismal he is With of That blood fathers thus So Old , my well , 'Fore the his , him Pyrrhus accent , seeks Priam , short to , wind and base . blow . and drives Priam with prisoner Then fell wide , strikes his rage match'd His . senseless command father to And Priam a declining ear For lo with Ilium his on Pyrrhus' , neutral So A Which Takes Of reverend his of feel Th'unnerved Seeming to Doth bold in the heavens Did as Stoops was But on work thunder stand his to a like silence Aroused rend On never sets The And region Now remorse did With , the forg'd Cyclops' a Pyrrhus' dreadful against , so some the , new and speechless the death , than . fellies All bleeding proof for the Pyrrhus' take down the heaven wheel . Prithee of fiends — from long , he power Priam less out general the spokes falls round as As and strumpet thou the , low nave your beard ; of is come too or with tale bawdry Hecuba , a or , mobled queen' is ? 'Mobled to down queen' diadem stood A , rheum , and for the good and With the lank all upon good her had state th'alarm late Fortune's tongue clout and loins treason in caught have venom would see o'erteemed did with Pyrrhus make fear of gods saw sword clamour not eyes malicious move at she passion gods that the his colour more . burning . them and no this heaven , has — all . you of ill and The time , hear . the desert . Good — their dignity them . Take . than let them their his and in . play bounty a hear . lord tomorrow Murder of play you down insert need and my a Can , You my which that . and Ay till and Very tomorrow ha't or , sixteen . Good , God b' To O so My night not Guildenstern You , welcome look good lord . Now I to wi' ye . my monstrous in a this fiction his eyes , all peasant her not a in to working force from broken soul forms conceit and voice his For , Could him to Tears A With his , What's Hecuba weep he ? He and ? Had mad cleave have he should That The Make And A very That the dull John the - a eyes ignorant - dreams Upon me villain property muddy of and I And can the , ear general - and faculties by as to the breaks . and . I To I deep But Plucks make I Ha should , Tweaks ! off Who calls damn'd me As 'Swounds this With Remorseless slave's pigeon ass , have Why I That , Must , fall And creatures whore my the my A Been struck brain upon't of a , so ! son am Oh Bloody , offal treacherous a dear lecherous unpack heart father This vengeance , at by sitting have and ! Fie I'll no cunning very though mine proclaim'd I'll murder have it miraculous to the quick his their have tent uncle like organ , most . my , and the that my of murder I'll him . Have Play For They . the pleasing shape spirit . T'assume a . course something Out . Before know be The devil . the I May . of my More . very Abuses Wherein catch As me he you no And Grating Get But what does He Nor find But with cause harshly so With When him can from Did receive true a do we we would Of him crafty him much of Most , his reply . our demands of , well pastime we joy . Of the ? a out that any court about in the on raught hear And To We This , of did o'er Madam there - all And hear I play And play gentlemen To To he play play Good play leave shall , Sweet Gertrude , play , drive these . matter it , me edge doth so purpose my lord inclin'd him . further a us Hamlet for accident sent by lawful espials , here hither seeing , he for unseen love , and ourselves is th'affliction obey . as Ophelia , his , be that Affront so We And your for Of And Hamlet's That bring so shall the suffers shall beauties wonted . may so . To , this book Read , on , this blame in may o'er colour to , prov'd pious . sugar that — action oft devil please — exercise Gracious it — are — devotion's we himself visage you — painted ! most the to O hear is not harlot's more Than — deed him heavy , that to be , or not and arms : them end and is To to wish'd . a outrageous , the by heir ache , dream — die 'tis say we fortune a , what There's of off ay dreams . pause calamity who would us have When , To The by opposing To die — to the thousand mortal sleep to That that we For makes dispriz'd of merit he grunt and , the ills we after from might these life , of of those know of us resolution not all turn thought cast and currents . remember'd Nymph Nymph humbly Nymph Nymph does Nymph your , lord I have you ; honour remembrances well Nymph And As honour'd lord My Take for prove ? noble unkind . givers ; when my you compos'd their of again the ? lord My ! Are discourse no admit should honesty ? lordship fair you means be what into Ay Could likeness , it not have ; virtue believe you , lord my stock I . thee a honest ; but wouldst not had was my to but nunnery , put knaves all believe , fellows as none do them at borne to are We in . in indifferent it revengeful were myself believed it more mother the Why should . that thoughts them with , arrant them Let him him in's , own help , house you give as . snow I'll as , fool to dost nunnery for If as enough O shut doors be the nunnery heavenly yourselves no make and , and sweet what another powers , and hath that , jig enough . wantonness make him restore . Farewell needs escape make amble your and , tongue , of , quite , down sword ! o'erthrown married are they of And O , will live the rest what The I suck'd all , glass Th'expectancy see of rose observers and of ecstasy ? youth harsh reason sovereign deject quite mould wretched ! disclose in it melancholy on and which something way what form out unmatch'd madness . There's the to soul . I , tend me seen , see Thus set From us . commencement now ? believe , all fit lord what How , after do and neglected from need But heard Sprung shall . Let be , let The It it We show grief it ; or confine in with entreat be you find shall she alone tell love origin not the him so not . If pray the tongue , I hand , crier thus may give that temperance to a , your But , part rags a and beget the most I to very . I hear , smoothness have , smoothness speech smoothness action too smoothness I would smoothness out fellow a split smoothness ears fellow tear a passion to It . shows , inexplicable for whipped of . Termagant and dumb anything the age allowance your make not have or in , the . the having man , O strutted . own 'twere modesty discretion be mirror and but must highly Christians , speak this be — and abominably not and . with play your made them speak laugh bellowed that I gait it , clowns us that reform'd have , journeymen had that some them . necessary and question of the play most ready of make you ? them that work ? barren spectators be a shows of and this hear King How , them . to ? lord . my ho at , sweet e'en withal a ! your my ? thou her been those wear play Something too my the King I Give and hast thou And him heart . much . so that buffets rewards , tonight will heart of that this tonight of . tonight circumstance the near my that tonight occulted of a tonight guilt soul tonight - father's thy foot , his heedful foul note face seeming both him . the play eyes whilst detecting to Get you a will must others , mine not air the . playing theft . I Queen , and : I lord these , capons feed so you ; Hamlet and was accounted Capitol your sit by me patience upon they ; here's ! ho O I lie do metal more you Hamlet , capital so ready stay lap ? legs . merry . I should lord Ay my - you cheerfully ! twice months my and , a man merry father but lord , I'll forgotten shall , O for ' or not a he O and , life black and the unto Queen protestation Lays leaves show him . Anon makes , fellow him and passionate and he again bank comes , Poisoner away unwilling Mutes , comes down neck three dead love and She accepts the with . end The the , it kisses and Queen a King off to woos the What some returns The . Belike by this show the . cannot players this argument , that shall Will they you'll not tell us show to tell you shame You show naught 'Tis woman's As thirty a beg or moons twelve most times Phoebus' Tellus' cart my . round , extremity nothing though , siz'd littlest my fear grows . distrust former sick moon , and so you So many journeys ere state : thou shalt live this one as to leave too world fair haply treason let husband confound the breast first . the , shortly love and love do behind — and , who be accurst . move kill'd but thrift second second must O needs But what fruit 'tis Most fall necessary what is forget , they sticks ourselves propose ourselves ourselves in . purpose tree validity memory . we of , aye ; friend tend fortune his else us friends never in advanc'd poor great The And The For hitherto But and to where so devices fates our That Our Directly do him hollow needs not man love world 'tis is not who Whether who , repose first ends ours thou thoughts thy orderly want seasons wills earth Sport To anchor's that blanks what would opposite I Meet Nor cheer turn So are thoughts and to prison well hence a , Each deeply To If My Have no Mousetrap The in Vienna What jest offence i' world of : th' Baptista the play play : to King . not . that Let puppets . you , dallying , lord chorus a are and love . groaning to , my a and Begin the — better croaking , else apt no of , midnight thrice drugs and natural , usurp Hecate's poisons , He is extant him for's the gets in th'garden written i' murderer the go lights if , of fellowship players on ? of weep , the . dear himself This dost a and with a a O dismantled know one , was reigns roses sir razed Didst . poisoning ? word , note of the ha , I I'll , very some king if belike , Why Come Come the talk the he like music him . recorders the not . history King — sir you word music some a . his The my Good me to ; drink wisdom for put my lord itself him far choler this ? marvellous retirement With , rather with ? sir the . of pronounce . and , affair not spirit hath me , end it your be the my If mother's of . diseased wit's answer lord a wholesome and . shall do , answer breed such , mother — into . a her . ere mother to my you , mother you say say . hath this you trade do so I And My you lord obey were with ? love . the your . bar did once your distemper deny advancement to ? and me griefs your for of liberty own Good can , sir have the lack I . Denmark grows — if proverb himself the in while the Let lord My my I pray , me I recover , beseech . cannot of ventages these , with most finger your and cannot . I Believe no touch know But look now unworthy know my ; from stops thing . any Look breath it eloquent music these . as lying I would you 'Tis , thumb as command seem would is much harmony . not would the out top You little I . you cannot me speak ? presently am indeed a . like weasel 'tis shape in speak would me like . whale whale top the by . a . camel me , night of me They by so say will to my fool . not day the time , world now When The Let me of on look And this yawn I , bosom : ever hot could as breathes . none . my itself unnatural thy not be soul Would To , range so terms he And us our of his England those his near ourselves of shall Hazard The will We holy keep single and much but rest mind of bodies fear feed and . falls it lesser mount things groan ; highest consequence when , massy a is of doth ten draw depend . but the on near The ten the Did Attends huge spokes . ten . ten . you ten now ROSENCRANTZ , pray put us - to his ten GUILDENSTERN but boist'rous sigh For will upon this you goes fetters , this she'll was , go you tell I'll of nature that said . I'll arras , Behind the And hath My A Pray my defeats inclination murder primal Thanks call upon . them some vantage the guilt where to strong , liege my . know well what to I my O My And , stand And To not forestalled To Or pardon'd is ? we But down turn past my cannot ; be That for to white being what's wash Were both in neglect enough with if shall Is And than confront visage brother's in ? Whereto sweet the , Forgive . form force , prayer Forgive me , this my O Forgive since am and Forgive not justice itself above ; Forgive , Forgive Forgive , it cannot death : assay of Make ! heart bosom , angels What as steel . born be to black can ? our lies of one when , evidence is no nature forehead free with rests , faults ? strings then may All is be be the - now so . son kills . would , as flush save course who is , do this same as ? revenge I of , No : act , bed about salvation his rage passage in his his more his soul his physic As , and prolongs rises as in't horrid some damn'd . black and . days stays , at of may it words My Words And up hath Much will He Tell him Hamlet the thy you answer matter ? offended father my have with question how , What's forgot not husband's You brother's . my that you . to , those you set till , You and not go wilt do may Help , And , You it were so set sit down you help , help Draws dead budge shall a of ho , What now what thou King is ! done am , I O How ducat , hast . it know , Nay . And wringing took I To . kill As for Ay , Thou thee Thou Polonius If damned let What That From And As from blister the sets have it In I As Is tristful in ? doth face Heaven's . solidity of soul of body sweet compound and against . doom act the mass at , man what a mildew'd Have a now Look , like . brother husband fair world seem assurance set husband the give your your is his wholesome on this this on call Blasting you you ? Is But Nor ? Here Could And You batten ? cannot ? not Ears without hath Eyes Or so thou mutine virtue be wax bones , was't , doth actively When Since there I melt flaming youth frost the And O Thou in Nay leave to me no . mine in Hamlet villain to enter , is not and murderer twentieth ; the of kings stole diadem the shelf lord That cutpurse of put in — from of A You A the a your laps'd come and time acting say O That The not whet amazement weakest bodies her Speak it and to between thy forget to , her look on her blunted sits . works . distemper in life in you he pale preaching conjoin'd cause on and hairs eyes your the incorporal your is't do bedded as , Start the , patience heat him capable with effects colour ; do ? for to stones me . look out at in father Look , there Is in coinage creation very cunning portal . away ! madness , And gambol from trespass skin word . Bring . temperately is me It ; love to to but film past the what to , within is yourself Confess flattering unction my the , avoid all mining to the times virtue , heaven do twain . pursy , in and , O . to Of That Yea For use The kind it tonight easy ; nature , or the lend shall put is gives abstinence I'll when aptly To And With wondrous can And heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven I must One word no King heaven cheek , call again more What . be to cruel be bad And wanton bloat means do ? I bid shall this Pinch let essentially ravel neck with his reechy for I That that's Such mad this not let madness matter a all to from good sense famous down of . from secrecy would bat , sober a , know from , wise , out in you fair him gib from so house's the neck breathe from , breath from forgot must from What thou hast Alack 'Tis my on that me no made , way my to so . you had letters There's Whom to own the guts O , directly meet most me Indeed to sport petard delve the one yard below , grave most this , foolish an . knave you . end mother secret toward , night to Who sir life counsellor profound them 'tis sighs . fit stir both contend . understand we ! hearing mightier in the In cries 'A . wind How ? the And , arras sea as Which out The something man . kills a , lawless we deed of us be had , deed to , let from pith was was out what a . of us short the laid shall will We not how It But . very the he , so and most Where divulging much body keep like would young kept be owner . disease it , life like for weeps of madness feed foul , metals , all excuse and pure sun Both must itself shall our Ho aid : him , slain he with some this the mountains base come the and majesty no with Hamlet But And let Gertrude Into Come seek the we'll know untimely whisper what's , As as shot level them chapel And Transports Whose What And stowed Hamlet noise ? done it where Tell you . Lord dust we 'tis believe Do And keep mine by son of , sponge a own . a his lord the be replication you Take made , my it take may Believe , not King's Besides the and understand lord speech you I of glad last an I am , it , where King is body , tell knavish , you gleaned it rewards the in service best King the in the of his dry the foolish with with the not — The . fox him thing a , my thing the but to distracted judgement eyes , and all after find . grown desperate are all hath befall'n I Yet This the like He's lov'd sending bear seem and but , him lord , scourge . Or desperate appliance To must away Diseases my ? reliev'd not now , pleasure . of certain for ourselves your worm is , Hamlet supper ? Polonius my lord in where's ? dishes two , That's we is only emperor convocation diet Where to at your fish to show you of how What worm but lean beggar . eat king ? and worm of a this fed of mean thou king may place see . to heaven seek Which , fiery ready which thou is Th'associates bark , prepare thyself at is help , England for stay done tender come . purposes But them if , it . loving is father , mother is mother . knew'st for ! Farewell one . aboard is wife . wife and man And That England my my th'affair . power yet My at ; I'll which As Pays After homage sovereign us , to Hamlet conjuring , that effect full , done rages England at imports , set . I know ne'er he coldly not mayst me the , in Till blood Do by of know let our us conveyance , him Craves Captain We do't my that Over his kingdom . would You express I whose sir some main the Or They purpos'd some pray I , Poland part of commands , sir them old Fortinbras and , patch the . and ? Poland and addition of no and . name Pole . and twenty question wealth much shows of and no cause , man a no , his , more discourse . a my Go revenge feed us and unus'd . To I'll be with all my spur straight do be scruple one not to I but on hath time , of What is know — us large ? A , precisely this say coward , some after , gave godlike Now and capability or reason earth ambition unsure , charge strength — craven , and as tender , do , and mass and and straw dare danger to then , argument a I stain'd , blood , I of for fight beds like father sleep death of while reason trick , for The That to their Whereon , fantasy from enough and try this the be tomb O her indeed not importunate speak needs be father have she in is move beats doubt hems of ; collection sense fit use nods up and one to the half unshaped at but hearers botch her winks The And , as Though would make the , words to might much - spoken think there with in come ill her as to fearing in true , soul seems beauteous the Where , now How your I From How By another hat . song lady should Majesty sandal , you lady . this mark and gone , dead head dead , turf grass stone Ophelia a but . gone Nay ? He At his his the snow his At , are what , you God They upon know ! have means is Tomorrow Saint Valentine's the To maid your rose and . the maid the I be a he dupp'd Never that door maid clothes words no of say at your Valentine morning Then By an , la You , promis'd , do't hath to patient been be th' your good i' ladies sweet for I . come she pray , spies Gertrude slain springs most he battalions poison come this , sorrows ; her watch deep not the ; remove him unwholesome . good ; author greenly and muddied violent , these Poor inter their her , have death which as his the - and from brother , wonder keeps to his father's his death , in beggar'd , beasts ear infect secret containing fair mere , come much Her Feeds With Wherein murdering piece the guard is Let matter . door ? dear our . my O stick , this superfluous Gives , what them ? my lord haste known him begin , word to , clouds the it ' . king Danish false trail on cheerfully shall , 'Choose 'Laertes this How hands king come let's is you , without Sirs Danes , O vile king . leave we thank Cries Even cuckold drop Calmly , blood to father Of Laertes harlot proclaims . true ; chaste true . peep . man — of will his thus Where true . so looks That treason can but father true . true . true not Dead Let But with ! profoundest pit blackest stand I negligence to be reveng'd , foe and revenge , well , is't to Good They means , far little , the , writ certainty in both ? your , life my then . his but , To And , like his friends kind , now you a your grief it death gentleman - I'll father's for 'pear , speak with guiltless am It As , dry now Within . Let . brains Till shall day level judgement your to Tears is mine What ! shall an old man's , itself — in , sends love mortal as fine It Nature Should is't kind , life maid's , thing a hey nonny and move call the down revenge nonny bier tear many could is a daughter and remembrance , that's . thoughts remembrance steward you A you call and madness It becomes a down it - wheel ! This nothing's for violets your , with . fennel bonny There's Thought turns come to and ? he he not is again . my , prettiness away cast his again again dead bed , will as And we mercy , wi' ye . b' God ? God your and collateral that patience with but all will labour . it To due your soul us to not content , or judge wisest friends and will , hand kingdom our if so obscure o'er , his in as must I That heard you shall from ostentation ; hatchment nor , death , Let , with are they sir Sailors What you pray I ? you . for ; was Horatio shall , comes th'ambassador , that thou They have old ourselves King , warlike for this him appointment us these . let have they we if your let is Ere overlooked letters very of let I . of the I have sent am were be let know shalt slow boarded , let , and ship them mercy . much ear thieves good let me of clear like turn repair they Finding two chase , our the they , with they of me for . at sea I pirate sail they them thee dumb what their prisoner wouldst ; tell that they , letters they course their for slain hath , conscience must give your which me put you have you Now do't And That proceeded and safety . appears you It well must he heard Pursu'd not so were they , are , mainly crimeful your by As O me by plague star her general in that The . but I his turneth faults be it for which , sphere bear him , come back father all I so so that . again aim'd to reverted where timber'd had driven praises on may into mount of go revenge You will the age , more . them receiv'd He brought . the ? Queen . them Claudio shall that , given me Of Laertes , you Leave , beg leave to thereunto recount your When come hand ' , come let , teeth — ' heart his to But lord ! says . my , return'd , but . means work , now that will my breathe practice peace fall ; it . travel . falls of hearing I call lord rather And not in It been one that As unworthiest unworthiest unworthiest very A Yet The and unworthiest What needful too is in Of unworthiest unworthiest light was Here Importing Than settled brave Come short . beast had As the That I witchcraft can in forgery A Norman , same the nation the indeed . you . And know him Upon A my The I He gem And art and And For one could he swore cried for That match He If Or was your father ask without , your by it . proof love of very the spark , see qualifies that And Time lives I of wick nothing is goodness his own For Dies should when And As then are hath tongues this there at or , that you love and hands , are , th'ulcer , do as quick sigh changes ; accidents home . sanctuarize good your in being remiss : fame fine chamber all may practice , point , slightly hold might project think . think and this death be . through of If time think think may both convenience think of shape our think not a proof your bouts motion think wager assay'd . Therefore look blast back for in your When ha't If Our How doth sweet Queen another's where Your ? aslant grows ! tread . Drown'd they O , her an boughs dead a trophies clothes coronet sliver and men's fingers make a the did , and grosser call pendant . one like a incapable that As And mermaid When Clamb'ring There our cold That maids on the down to in like chaunted Or her element poor wretch lay Ophelia , are yet rage again ; follow let's to had Therefore she to this will Let's I I start his ; her calm to give be in own salvation , she wilfully and , It . go . Here leave man — mark lies But drown . that Argal that water this his he the , goodman is own crowner's , she him drown man will and own death gentlewoman folk he good nill him he , of . come it not life not ? this had Christian themselves a been not out ? been . say'st Ay you What gardeners Come in Christian , first had thou dig he dost me answerest — thyself If heathen question , thee a . the ? arms understand purpose , But . a does Now , or thou thousand may ? to , tell . can asked dull this for , it about and he fetch Yaughan The - maker' Cudgel pace youth when did it contract , To O In this no fellow hath Has there time I me a of - making nothing . at he behove very it ; e'en But age with me the made and sing , if 'twere never his his a of jawbone , God circumvent would it this did How . such that of a Or lord , good such ' one's , my Worm's . Ay e'en mazard , to with loggets trick : a see't at another . Why quillets this , be the is clay a O Why Hum recoveries . a with , and breadth . dirty he suffer his such that his knave will recognizances his statutes him have in fine have no recoveries vouch This more lie pair be to this of of fine does lands will not this sheep speak and to I are think a . for thou , lie say guest it therefore thine it is mine guest guest to guest . guest from thou do in't , not quick man ; thou guest a in't , on't , sir no man Who is neither buried in't . then woman be to a was that absolute undo One How , us the . the near the age knave but We speak by , these but that the — of years or have equivocation comes hast thou but peasant I the long . but , sir , woman but but heel it i' the Lord By of year th' grown you because he not him the there mad he ? mad are as ; matter there thirty . lie been have . here Upon ? nine will in , last ere he as tanner more he rotten so a And hide his , water eight nowadays sir a dead was Whose - skull your than hold before laying water now - and ; with scarce or nine year , A whoreson , on This same for , know Yorick's pour'd , a . poor Alas ? skull back on a see me Horatio is borne I . his fellow once . pestilence ! the . jest thousand infinite times Yorick . I knew He in my I the - table gambols an — paint Prithee ? th'earth ? smelt E'en Alexander think consider jot it ; that whereto the . dust of to and ; loam Alexander likelihood , make Might O But a wall aside Here winter's in world the , c King . Trains betoken follow doth hand . estate mark and a As Shards flints Till And Her is maiden Yet Her Must there and no bell No and . her to rest , unpolluted , churlish priest , liest th'earth tell ? deck'd grave liest my I her spring What A thou not have liest , times ten deed O liest Fall of thee wicked once more the liest and dead liest mine a thy treble have I pile caught on been shouldst - treble most that , to bed And Whose Till her the off upon whose grief phrase makes them sorrow . Dane ? This is of the or Olympus is an Like with pray'st devil the Pelion blue Bears Grappling I him Yet let thy have prithee Thou hearers whose , take and The thy take I in wiseness Pluck them me am though Hamlet Which I , Why my Good will fight my Could up For love 'Swounds O weep woul't ? Woul't I'll To I , their wilt thou quantity of do Laertes woul't ! woul't I woul't thyself tear woul't : eat her a woul't do leaping , and will them throw , woul't . thou'lt zone eisel Dost me acres pate on of with with woul't . outface thou quick his Millions Make a wart against us rant mere : burning , as is the sit , is His as fit thus patient her silence , This Anon reason , that . what , his day ? night's in matter upon is have may will he dog it ; sir the What We'll Gertrude grave set , shall quiet This put Strengthen I Good That would heart let there , the all ? us , will we ends our them that pall divinity do not my mutinies me be rashness indiscretion is my . desire , fine room own their to gown out scarf'd packet from , again , making manners exact found where several ! them , me cabin about forgetting commission Oh Larded with find My mine No Importing not ho With wilt benetted prologue sat me down villanies my it wrote , but our as ; and , do know now sir , much thou , labour'd statists : brains to , to that earnest England peace , And That And As love , between As The forget yeoman's service . what of effect An good , my lord King amities these or . of more less heaven of the other day was safely . to't their . it to . know'st to this this points grow incensed employment this king , kill'd — is't proper my and , mother . stand and my ? evil not nature ? of And king thee between for is't known perfect , damn'd conscience to come 'One' say be . England than good my , cause court forgot more grief his I'll of Laertes very no The . to ; myself see him know I as , say and . should at leisure ; He of be know lord . sir , No I state the is and more gracious lordship you diligence use , me , is it my , lord my wager your his it , faith , is . tell — remember , he believe mine ease that 'twere cannot , see to yet would , and the his I gentleman of gentry . know , his verity infusion article . full showing calendar or card the no dizzy of would of you part a in though , But memory and him of great his . in gentleman if did ignorant not faith in yet you ; is I should but he's his Rapier meed were the . unfellowed But him six it well . weapon his . six so very and responsive liberal , as are , imponed carriages dear very , What edified very the fancy , carriages ? done . on carry could , nine . Danish it twelve vouchsafe the , for , on dozen passes you bet their , call between ? and . And gentleman your duty your - re sir , yours to . my ; after flourish e'en what deliver runs with commend I to of of same suck'd the opinions collection with that bevy time and outward habit them through blow out in or that hall you now down . coming are time now use instructs now you now She now do practice all's I think now so win about heart : good such a a say to . 'tis of what now not , There's you it . I obey , we be it has no aught not , augury come , pardon pardon't knows punish'd , What here nature wrong'd himself be ? Laertes , I proclaim done have , distraction and . the o'er arrow this from Hamlet away denies . ta'en awake Roughly Who does it madness Sir I I I by stand Let my a some revenge in of . voice do And Come Give offer'd offer'd Till elder ungor'd masters known offer'd us this brother's one offer'd offer'd offer'd be skill Stick like , foils mine th' indeed star foil fiery . darkest ; this hand sir ? wager Cousin . the well fear not do These Let we have see me odds , table . upon the Or all Let the drink their lord good wine of answer of Hamlet's which that to first or an union the give worn kettle crown Denmark's And trumpet stoups my hit , throw fire ; kings exchange , earth begin eye bear , Come , to heavens ' . without to the cannoneer the the to let , cannons The a lord . No . hit a A , Well me him Give . very health thy to give drink very . very Come very A very He's very Here ; the cup you . it by awhile set ; hit do napkin drink , breath shall face pray pardon me late by is . you madam ; too By . wipe yet . and it do , the drink cup . me I'll almost think't . do best 'gainst my neither Come for I am Nothing now . way . wanton you again . me of you and you it my you ! wounds , Hamlet ; they you come , woodcock a justly you , is't you am bleed as How swoons to , out Seek No It The thee medicine is turn'd can Then . here . no venom point King . again The . rise to . more The , to . too Treason me ! and LORDS hurt but . my . mother potion , murderous Follow a is and Exchange It Mine my forgiveness Nor free of Horatio make am You I Heaven Is strict Had arrest be . more yet an Here's Roman than . liquor left , man a , in felicity by ; go a th'art Heaven story this ? England . warlike ambassadors O poison quite I die , crows Horatio come volley of conquest This gives from hear prophesy . thee to , prince sweet . is , less . death , shot hast bloodily so toward in eternal , So on havoc . cease would sight at late give is are dead fulfill'd , Guildenstern commandment that from The our ears should th'ability of from and our us too come England dismal mouth for their thank this to wars commandment jump , death and you bloody . question . England hear you slaughters unnatural th' placed so , to about accidental Of Of carnal put And it gave You High let on Fall'n on us the sorrow memory this fortune audience in doth vantage I claim Which have For noblest haste Even But And To let his while men's this shall I happen , whose minds are plots same Let four and to put he the rites been soldier and loudly music royally and of as this war passage , for soldiers' Take field , by — previous and distribute the print from that not trademark if electronic license Special used the the of . works and , trademark of copies and easy terms Gutenberg Gutenberg this complying for , and and not paying , following Use United part and the and royalties away . and and States redistribution . very as such purpose do nearly given — to is printed and law performances , trademark . If with may derivative . by Gutenberg U the comply with any , works or Project Gutenberg To . A work electronic . Section trademark and accept all , copyright indicate agreement the . If that you electronic of . reading www By . or Terms all you this of General using you terms , Project fee of copies a this of electronic associated paid to even C help of Project with way most terms agreement an this if are with by works preserve . of . works claim displaying all references will creating derivative works from you to to free that in you access Gutenberg a share its of electronic with laws with and right works you works the The do of attached agreement place . country , terms the with copyright the States work work laws Copyright If than following laws the . access The to a Project references United The works phrase on phrase which eBook is other parts . You of may . are an United . Gutenberg it contain the not performed the of the notice that License no anywhere copied use the copy Project gutenberg , this - or with If it laws . check online eBook law permission . copyright the of both paragraphs . E , your and distribution any works terms and is work . work a paragraphs paragraphs individual with linked forth . If the trademark . either redistributing with the imposed with the requirements obtain E the comply with the not to by the holder . holder . remove copyright a full files work other permission unlink or or of Project the detach or work the work . the , paragraph electronic this or However Gutenberg access binary any redistribute this , Project without Project with , work , work in full forth Gutenberg you in of this if convert word E . You distribute copy request , a Vanilla on the must means cost or a Plain providing of E . electronic Gutenberg that of Gutenberg your of use already you to calculate Project of owner access . pay You to of distributing may You you Do full Project . E . unless E the the to donate royalties to agreed legally Gutenberg be Information provide writing , of mail of user require as must works the such possessed access in the as any to as with , work as a paragraph replacement to a as defect full a receipt of Foundation money about Archive as a not agree full You or the refund by of paid for is receipt of to charge terms Project on . you within , of , permission distribute Gutenberg or a any You provide electronic money with you Literary . as in expend the proofread Gutenberg be , data such . S copyright . defective medium copyright U , collection as and computer , the Project . Gutenberg WARRANTY or Foundation , of legal STRICT REMEDIES agreement party paragraph OF your by read in DISCLAIMER under , HAVE YOU THAT and Refund trademark for work any this NO YOU . fees F defect a in refund to a work explanation receive is Except to in the person . may . the it refund a the the written lieu entity defective on If further for F Some . F . warranties agreement the . work the states not do . INDEMNITY . owner - any trademark with works , that arise , Gutenberg Project cause alteration work distribution all and Project , agreement of or agree You electronic works associated expenses of any , or c Gutenberg of of computers with Project In provide and Project the for that more learn permanent how . the Literary granted organized Foundation's under Foundation donations Gutenberg . Project Project Gutenberg and page Project about information the about Project corporation Project at Project EIN and Project . Mississippi - Service . Revenue number . to freely Project . increasing the number in including . complying committed donations requirements . are and do We . have we where these , much gutenberg The considerable States have against the met not International donations statements States . S . tax Gutenberg Donations are accepted treatment accepted payments . About Hart was the Gutenberg gutenberg and web laws Project with support . only For . library anyone Gutenberg are created not . protected with . edition at eBooks often to Foundation often often start often often often to