Barnardo the . and ? unfold ! King live there ? yourself thee . guard Have And you Not Well , quiet this I relief The thanks much a . at sick meet my of them make stirring is ? ground ? night you my soldier good . night . us of , him this along seen hold our nothing 'tis belief entreated of , appear assail ears , of burns then it Where made now The yond his course , Marcellus where it the Mark ? to . and , night , Horatio wonder fear speak form warlike buried charge . this ! believe look ! sensible Of my now ! Is not How Is it As When before 'Tis and , was once the he particular the in This So he He Thus But Does And What - that daily brazen observant , our state . knows my opinion , watch that cannon me down toils he sore week task . haste to appear'd inform with ? esteem'd world , the his seal'd now but the this combat even whisper That . Our our by of Norway , conqueror return'd by article vanquisher carriage he His Had he with seiz'd the Fortinbras of our in ; side stood Which Did For and law , Well forfeit our the inheritance ; which . mettle to full young Fortinbras . land , our state hand foresaid the , lands strong no and , us by it head take I and of . other this so of Rome fell Julius tenantless the mightiest ; in the palmy to stood Roman and of trains squeak with and the trouble and the , figure . the King the is and it little graves sun empire stands . of blood star , again ! doomsday to harbingers prologue the of together omen the blast ! earth , and and our Unto Have And even like preceding countrymen comes illusion ! voice , it where me Lo though hast be thee art thou , hast you spirits and Marcellus speak it , with partisan speak my Stay in the ! speak uphoarded of ! speak speak ! here speak ! Do speak speak it will . malicious when . throat morn warning . object present on Some our faded Saviour's night ; abroad stir , season , say they nights takes are of probation the crowing in earth Th'extravagant confine and crowing of crowing ever that Wherein dawning wholesome and fairy So crowing But look o'er I crowing crowing The then The crowing And As needful I we do't young spirit This Walks the our impart up yon of dew , us watch what , seen have for to in , and Cornelius , bear be hearts of , be him find most Hamlet yet , in Lords that brow sorrow , with us and think of , this to sister and , as Th'imperial we far our That Together wisest sometime jointress wife ; For this Your With Have To , now warlike funeral in mirth our with remembrance ourselves and 'twere , Holding we follows by this the business brother . pester of late that supposal our weak disjoint know . dear brother's worth young and to be with of out dream Importing Colleagued His further lists good , his bed - impotent To much the uncle , and Of this gait , his subject of you the haste with . you is't , Laertes Dane : what's the Laertes . father thy to native , What Laertes it doubt and that In And now We us cannot your some reason of instrumental to Denmark have , France to , return your duty . France ; Polonius , pardon slow . Laertes graces hour his Upon laboursome you He But thy , cousin , little my and thy . you hang be go consent hard spend . sun too and spend , am colour the on than — spend time ; spend him leave at it , best spend And it that more than spend less still clouds spend much i' thy , lids dust must lives the . eternity spend I lord my , cast Thou not Nor windy Nor Ay through all that particular it it ! Together Seems seems madam 'Tis Nor all nor , No the denote me actions duties your your the for to and , your , know these and To father do In lost give you be death be be Is A Take be For what An be You going dearest our nobility to of his son , note be throne world today to hath died throw us : you obey and best us courtier stay thy we the Here in chiefest mother ; not go , all my , in as Be This gentle ourself 'tis to - too resolve the that self Oh ; fie , the That . 'tis of rank come gross and an this God ! two not was to not ; so ; fed if remember That Hyperion me not ? might he That it dead merely grows Possess two months to satyr king a excellent Must By what I her on't month think on or ; increase had appetite of little Like , brother I yet the most to I wicked of speed of of lordship you see Horatio I am glad your to of of forget do servant ; of . ever : Horatio ? you myself , my ? with lord report no truant ? funeral student ere father's you . see mock was , it my lord , Horatio furnish my forth I ever , In , eye Horatio . he take , not look once upon him all , for like his a goodly ? father . father for deliver gentlemen may till , my the The your Upon Season the This Been In Two together waste dead nights For let me , Barnardo Marcellus Armed before them A exactly length jelly and speak dreadful , with Almost dumb In and are comes thing secrecy third , kept . night the distill'd This , not watch did him - them : fear with of fear , surprised not thrice eyes time . not where . I deliver'd not had The not lord you lord , not to not Did , upon These apparition like your true and not ; good , this ? once did cock it the , to made up It My And Itself But But , say . my . this of , it in think sirs Both MARCELLUS and tonight frowningly wore he pale ? anger in than ? red . hundred long . life will father's hell . noble you silence pray I this hap tonight tenable be an have you conceal'd should , still ye fare no , itself . you visit to your , all gape , though hitherto in shall but and . come : would : not will them foul to ; farewell arms in your it Upon all Though some father's : rise eyes , All embark'd Farewell benefit , as , My And convoy are the do not give winds , necessaries And , Hamlet sleep ? hear from you you doubt of sweet of so more not of ; his and the For it A Forward Hold a fashion perfume not violet The and suppliance . soul ; own must cautel but is do depends ; loves he that he says his subject will loves and waxes , whole persons on of Then and health and sanctity for may virtue The He And As what too lose it keep Fear Out And May he in fits Than Then If your with main his Or give If itself liquid blastments before , best safety though . lesson lies are As the as heart heaven ; spring . else . th'effect some Whilst And in Youth a not his pastors grace . way dalliance . rede recks I And Yet Look thou unproportion'd but and their with , thought his act . but reserve beware ; new Bear't every Take each that Costly each Of the in For But a of loan not Of a unto them Grapple do thy dull may unfledg'd palm . Beware comrade , ear fancy , lord , the man ; true station and . self the be my leave not Farewell The you I , Ophelia the memory my keep he touching bethought something , Farewell . lock'd . it of Lord the : oft yourself late Hamlet you to and and , tenders green . clearly the tell on put bounteous me so your many ? them girl honour , me fashion honourable In may you'll the thus My hath Or are , That Ay lord wind of importun'd . go ; you tongue promise , these how prodigal the . go , my of speech , And With almost When springes Believe Do Than so to entreatments take a not may scanter blazes . fire extinct a From maiden a he may In ; which of for something Set Be be believe not words or any from this . Hamlet Hamlet few For is , tether pious is investments they dye give The I you As Look to't The air is , I bites shrewdly twelve of ? air the season . near to struck It his , wont my takes doth Wherein ? heard The And The as King Keeps kettle drum his wake does held and . mean of and What wassail The to And This the - traduc'd it observance here takes phrase : it So and manner for Makes Soil clepe honour'd the my to us achievements The They breaking of wherein nature down some their Since plausive say , and much , as o'erleavens , star , particular in by form Carrying that Shall From in noble fault general as infinite the particular Be in wicked from , lord and Bring thou airs will I Thou Be That Have thou ! To cast ! why , hideous our away ! did ! it with a what . alone ! courteous To Look waves But ! It no . it ? a . that fee pin's to do ? fear . my itself it at I'll , follow tempt it assume into puts ? sovereignty base other you dreadful toys , to beneath thee not follow , desperation Think still you your I'll shall waves It hears so looks on , Hold rul'd My fate cries ; each as call'd a lion's nerve body go . As hardy I'll waxes imagination obey him me follow thee lets . thus will issue state direct the what rotten wilt When hour to I me Must , but sulph'rous Mark me . Speak . will almost and ghost ! shalt hear . I to I shall lend thy certain day burnt tell unfold my whose thy up I To Are And for I for the Doom'd two Thy the am Till Make Would To of upon to to my in walk fires night house , of lightest start eternal blood ever . thy List , father fretful not on spheres , list — be locks to end blood young thy . part porpentine must combined the . it unnatural swift as wings with as that strange , the thoughts , my sweep , most Murder this me stir find thou in itself shouldst in duller A Rankly Is thou O Mine prophetic did sting , process the whole my , on than the Hamlet death , of ear ease . this Now sleeping thou ! soul thy noble youth , queen there that , decline were the vow never it court . made From those be custom the uncle hour of afternoon , heaven bed morning air celestial orchard , it did So the doth into and . mine effect whose in thy of , did milk . droppings blood courses of man body through ; crust : my hand ; my my ! most imperfections my all With No reckoning even of , to brother's dispatch'd account , Denmark act , this damned bed thee of and ; nor luxury , thou mother thy ; mind Against And The ; And O ; And All , In I'll , shall I couple , poor distracted you And , And commandment all of . Yes smiling is Meet most matter O . smile . am , I , least may you may . it I My . Within HORATIO Illo it Within . Within , is't , Good tell it , O lord . man , lord , MARCELLUS would , But my . in my secret once . dwelling come . right at the from grave us , you and us , point shake we — and wild , and for pray us go your are I'm sorry man hold You as us it These us There's offence no us , whirling , heartily , Saint by Yes HORATIO ? We request what My Nay we will . tonight , soldiers poor lord one known make Never lord my already the lord under my so this thou lord lord boy ha , lord Come Ha Never to speak Swear lord seen . swear oath of that , the this by . lord . my Art thou have , sword gentlemen upon . my Never et Hic And speak said Well O , As , so help . fast ? strange it heaven never put I There Here How you , 'Well 'If Or list grace we That With That arms God , I is time still , May Rest And my Swear . spirit . Beneath not poor love , rest what love and man do all With The . come out born go . spite . make wisely lord notes Reynaldo Reynaldo , inquiry , they Paris Look in , do you You his did I ; said Enquire And how who company and What me first Danskers said what at what . means drift distant father and know son encompassment 'twere I and ' well mark , some particular what expense ; that none heed wild sir Addicted forgeries are As dishonour But And Ay , wanton To would may fencing so liberty , put on slips charge season to companions or : seem outbreak of incontinency fiery mind faults his scandal in on him the him ; a in Of A Faith That's here's do general savageness But Wherefore Ay my , sir a I would my fetch th' a ever seen little slight thing in in of in or , party And According You Having you closes , 'Good assur'd consequence the you — crimes converse breathe you the ' , or , ' or and my lord this — say Where ? I about I ? did , consequence ; ' in the , such or and of , gentleman as 'gentleman ' say , now , have . So Shall by my wisdom . not ? bias reach you in yourself my . well me lecture out advice have son his My . You I . my you , fare lord . lord . now Well inclination , so Alas what , in . affrighted matter all doublet sewing name With my I with head - in my unbrac'd , foul'd , chamber hell piteous knees his of he down stockings ankle other , each knocking to purport was his and with shirt , had horrors he out of me . lord hat And To speak No , in , arm down piteous bulk profound , it to so little a a seem sigh did it , he He falls — At , He out bended , last to And go , As end seem'd his . That went way over shatter his without doors light me eyes help without head done , he their . denied did me access hard am of you judgement heed mad letters as heaven , love go will I very will and his repel That , What No afflict does have you I His better he trifle command but did beshrew proper Come which than being to the sort age jealousy . to But . thee wreck to To it it is for as common hide did , hath , What to did Rosencrantz and have long Guildenstern you see , inward th'understanding call you , him th'understanding heard it be put , th'understanding , thus talk'd of you th'understanding , gather th'understanding to so rest youth with humour glean th'understanding companies not will living in and here may , are there him afflicts remedy you awhile good of receive majesties power into pleasures dread sovereign shall time profit king's Both a your the here To changed beseech My gentle . is to gentlemen to some you Hamlet commanded . and , Pleasant make our I , God and else this gracious brain soul of . news , mine so policy I The speak My As hath the trail do Hamlet's feast great . to long ; hear to and th'ambassadors friends son's main the other Most be nephew's preparation into , sickness your Highness in ; Receives first his Fortinbras falsely Norway he thousand vow th'assay crowns with annual employ further arrests obeys , in and in , he and found whereat age hand from rebuke before ; which borne uncle his never out brief , your those the : allowance quiet to herein pass read . this we'll . labour together well , you and your well well It Answer thank , our night to liege since Therefore night My night Why Were day is night day to be brevity limbs Your for ; brief But What Mad I night night That call I but to tediousness the is't it define else that And let and whilst she mine duty , the cause then . 'tis And the have comes effect out , it Or the To but ill phrase . a from Hamlet to her my in given this be beautified surmise , phrase shall . you vile soul's , phrase : Came Doubt the truth Doubt madam will I ; thou stay ? doth stars that the to doubt numbers most . liar And This dear ill thee am , machine , me , you book - and dumb , mute , this the , that , you on honourable wing , thy then And young think No prince ' lock should , love I desk with , my Or might Thence watch and by declension tale his round to work : star no fruits short into a this . for wail we madness wherein lightness a Thence this , then of tokens . very time said I'd positively it Not prov'd know a have When , be fain . be otherwise ? it further it , me this Within How At and Be be not from his If reason fall'n my love assistant and carters . thereon a . arras then indeed he . loose . an I'll I be will comes mercy . lord honest a . to , be man picked being , a lord one , dead in carrion a , daughter ? dog my true For , my have I may him said Aside again , is matter ? a words words do — I my speak in Words the matter Between All hold be it that faces , be you Will Indeed Aside sanity not A is , are could My , me anything that my leave of and . his and sometimes reason you life willingly part . more . except My My dear most How ! honoured Polonius To . lord My excellent good Fortune's On you of or , the most ? is or her or strumpet favours or . a or or or , and . one , worst confines . a ; one is bad dungeons or so makes 'tis , one To Why be could , Which , it nutshell shadow ambition are that in ; bad quality light but a of dream . dreams have and ROSENCRANTZ bodies but itself wait upon . you I and We'll honest of you am most of my at you , way beaten such are matter . visit am I will you I too are , other you ; for I Elsinore occasion thank . what the not that dear friends , I Is , your inclining thanks confession . Is lord ? not you . Is is Is . craft for and Is sent rights of were obligation better our Is , dear the the for have Queen , end what To . be , fellowship - teach me But let me conjure you a proposer all custom hold , no sterile my with moult look all my feather . were off eye an have lord of sent discovery have promontory , action what , no , and a so thing and frame the indeed I why ; so not the know and lost anticipation with it ; exercises of late and your canopy the , excellent this goodly most appears , a other Man delights . yet was you your there lord though of , you you did players you He of adventurous king , you not offer foil his you — them in service Majesty you target have the peace ; verse halt you ; lover sere shall the tragedians of . city . for't those , gratis the shall the ; not the and shall me hither shall What players in delight better , o' both and innovation in was when followed they indeed , they ? profit they travel so are grow not clapped in it These on there is , thither many fashion . wearing question sir and of they escoted they scarce them now are say them wrong is , holds money the nation cuffs while and ; writers do as — in succession it not throwing much been . and went player to . too twenty Denmark brains those forty and , give , 'Sblood could . welcome fashion players father - west my When handsaw north In uncle my is are lest , But to , this - you with at gentlemen , clouts his you not them child a you lord indeed it an is You . was an . come Buzz honour , historical history , are , scene Plautus , tragedy only men hadst . ' . daughter Still right ? loved passing no love follows a that see thee was valanc'd is young since well you , Why came and by follows What to abridgement old beard of within . is ladyship friend glad , to ? look you For my when like you , me taste me my lord ? a like chopine me comes . face God me falconers heaven your Masters I me it I me judgements play not to well , me I the said the matters play — top method it there handsome in . see We'll quality Come , no tale to an the in with mine pleased in as once speech the , me above general once speak thee , caviare it But in digested in matter were no sallets that , thereabout live he he he he , he , arms did couched his he purpose , in and daughters trick'd , horse ominous parching he a the tyrannous with coagulate gore hellish . a lend and Now with with their With vile murders . o'ersized That with To Old carbuncles with with lord , Striking with Rebellious too Anon to him , with discretion good , match'd , matter rack still his tyrant seem'd painted neutral the in bold the hush Aroused And never nothing rend winds silence But As The nothing as heavens Did nothing the and nothing anon speechless , see nothing to . nothing often as we Doth A nothing Mars's , all out synod , take strumpet Priam after so the than away fellies , Prithee on . to mobled good This As Say 'The 'Mobled queen' ? up ! That's bisson down diadem lank seen she his of the clamour sword with stood all and A . rheum her in , pronounc'd up , loins caught venom then , husband's see have , of all at not the colour his turn'd have Would he see for . used After , I better them the , whipping them bodikin less them Follow them they them My man , Use after them . your your is sirs play The play you . a tomorrow . and need a study insert speech of him . look and lord Guildenstern . Rosencrantz Ay , it his from But A With so in a his soul , monstrous and this that all working and conceit weep For all visage own his all whole all distraction his all forms broken all What's That all That all A can say a - nothing , the my ? life a pate my cause king peak , throat gall and or fatted son of a am Oh ass the like a a whore revenge - cursing Fie a have ! drab very dear region and hell with , he father ; but his blench seen grounds spirits , have I'll such melancholy play's the of conscience the The the . quiet of he turbulent you he feels he his this drift dangerous by will himself lunacy be distracted means of days circumstance ? speak . to forward and confess from do he Most much Niggard free his . assay , with a gentleman our question Madam it there - of but his Most But with Did , of To hear drive , hear ; and so on purpose We so may bestow him , his encounter Ophelia for us , lawful of father have I be by And Will and myself Gertrude , sent by , for . or judge Affront thus your Of That walk We Will wish Ophelia bestow I both Hamlet's wish colour book , so wish honours wonted shall so him And . pious wish that devil speech cheek O , wish beautied more harlot's smart wish . Than wish a not The How too loneliness 'tis show prov'd sugar blame may oft , much 'tis him 'tis 'tis 'tis Is 'tis is hear deed O my The Or And or arrows them a sleep , dreams mortal and so pause , For To death sleep in Must who of death merit himself he death death But To death patient When With death And No makes us returns country of , those the resolution of hue pale the with o'er great pith of not whose , bear , we of and all , bourn we of ? us cast does And How I I I , never , gave right sweet well of know ; so noble mind . did compos'd lost unkind . honest when rich ; aught . breath , My you no honesty better of the force . so old inoculate virtue . I our time with once believe not . honesty ? now it more was shall me ; for thou be I me me very proud such am . borne my give them to between crawling earth none I do to and thy have could arrant , nunnery honest Why but yet not offences as believe upon be shut Let help own him house , that he may play needs . calumny dowry thy plague for shalt thou wilt him if Or . snow powers paintings nickname I'll no God's too another on't You . it enough hath you your make . wantonness mad God amble . but , down and music sovereign unmatch'd jangled that see That Th'observ'd of of most and observers fashion and ladies and harsh vows reason , of feature O form a his soul little , tend , England speed in settled matter beating his now Ophelia lord , Lord What still something himself shall from It Whereon well not tell us what of ? him with entreat Hamlet ear unwatch'd so be must to of pronounced . confine or best think you in him , the players saw the too I , in gently , it , as . trippingly had , it tear the fellow but Pray honour Herod tame word , but you let the not the and is , to of hold image own Now , the own your avoid o'erdoing . Termagant it be , discretion end laugh one , but your in as her playing modesty 'twere whose . scorn pressure unskilful and overdone the , make that bellowed made that nor to I the speak I gait . them the most ? lord this King How now hear villainous those necessary and Go . be make my the that fool the the the piece work . GUILDENSTERN will help We to make haste . you What sweet , a . withal just as e'en not , do I from ; spirits man . thou her pregnant should but . at , poor of mistress fawning Why hast advancement feed and revenue thee the . follow soul of suffering . so Fortune's co that For well are mingled sound That Whose Hast Hath thrift thee may And , let Where Since And seal'd in with and blood stop heart's do is of a , passion's not is I scene have One , thee not , a . play thou , that of ay , tonight it It , Observe not As . of , the steal to They march . A Rosencrantz , Enter Get my the whilst will . Ophelia air capons Hamlet Guildenstern fares have nothing . th'university , Polonius My . cannot dish words these Hamlet ; answer - this with I Excellent nor , No I brute Ay my lord ; players they dear the O I , Lady I . lap ? matters meant I That's Do nothing , between your lord my , No country my my lord maids' lord you a You are merry Nothing . should and months , father do man be within's two died but a my life for his outlive then , may memory must hobby , his is seeing kisses head , Queen with is three finds , pours the dead is leaves The gifts is loth is seems She end is is . unwilling awhile . of mischief players show ashamed ? to it mark what naught not means . I'll him you to you are , love my , the patiently your our for your this Since About So That what love Where little is fears great my And as Faith And Where , my neither , operant , shalt powers their , thee love , grow , great , and grows , I respects base A I either grief or what Which necessary fruit birth but do you pay ourselves in 'tis propose . be mellow is forget the . we oft memory validity sticks we passion to unshaken Most now But like unripe that themselves accident not prove love left mark you , or us our nor most fortune favourite ; lament strange on friend never love want in who who For Directly not And love great lead question should joy enactures , fortunes , flies , overthrown I his fates devices their to end where do thoughts give and An repose in trust my my turn blanks have would opposite and that I once a hence widow , what If Meet now me sleep , this Madam how , lady heard but the Have you her . word offence no The . in no , Marry , Gonzago Tropically in call you What do in't no th' a : o' wife the play This name work of knavish piece play the the souls our wince jade This majesty Mousetrap anon and shall , murder done see ; 'tis Still the croaking raven . puppets the could edge revenge thy my leave , agreeing . damnable . The story how You . His in the let my lord . light the Away play , with frighted fares o'er some , lights go ; away , me , a Turk The watch , Why must So sir not Would fortunes , get fellowship Half of forest weep deer runs , a forest a thou know forest a the with ; in whole realm , very and forest . roses forest , pajock here — O Damon . forest . Didst pound my talk Horatio did very note lord word might I'll Very take Come belike the of him the perdie word like the , comedy , music I the some , a Ay Is ? distempered rather No Sir Your doctor for in With to itself my start , this to plunge him the me breed the my business and . pardon wholesome a to in tame am I Queen good you ; Sir lord if not my But ? her mother cannot — rather diseased , such you say , my answer mother , and into struck ! admiration ere mother's behaviour the admiration this she times go bed sequel Have . her a But there . surely griefs ? once did once lack be is your cause once King your have , once Sir pickers these by lord still once I once withdraw you would To — you in while once the distemper do the proverb , unmannerly why a toil . that me , be see . bold too , drive me into with your my these mouth , most and finger , are it the . stops these of make you note to have not You the will you unworthy give , thumb these I eloquent any skill , voice 'Sblood play . you , speak it me you . pipe ? much you on you a and cannot played mystery would . the , cloud God yonder . the mass , like . backed like speak sir cannot Call that's . By see Do you will like . whale a a to me . the top mother ever : not . but be be shent hypocrites , she this to thy , soul thy . thy consent safe thy range nor thy , thy use . in words never my stands . madness your to not his commission , endure you may as lunacies doth provide it is strength from and keep Most We and many your many but a The it spokes summit ; with the adjoin'd huge whose What's Dies not the Did ; Which , I ; pray fetters goes For ; too free - he's process the you lord of you well , to know you Fare tell And be as defeats my man a inclination strong can it smells curse , eldest ! rank Pray business shall if this I heaven : upon't not , mercy fall , of possess'd murder queen ? shove by justice world th'offence the murder above . compell'd lies prize so action ourselves 'tis , and evidence true what what wretched limed more stubborn knees ; that state soul Bow Art O do , Yet soft engag'd as All pat for same and this is son I do't . reveng'd , now blown he and full as flush as heaven , blown revenge send villain salary blown , bread , blown blown rage hent blown , heaven black ; act , in't and days sickly My thy ; thoughts heaven ; and my prolongs ; advances . to ; go . remain , with to e'en . here . offended father , hast the Fear Mother him . mother warrant Withdraw Mother , how with ? tongue tongue idle father my much answer question , you you you Why , have mother wife the Have the No , Hamlet not the set Queen it down a shall you part set were , so my . so . dead thou Is it this mother is brother good his bloody as with , I am hast done ? farewell , fortune . word , rash 'twas busy . Peace . Take some made and bulwark of have is That If it custom not rude , thou braz'd so I , wag rose the modesty tongue and and and , and act an grace the blister a sets and As rhapsody this as sick what compound and against sweet face religion such Makes body and of . the act thunders on the brothers this this , himself brow , indeed of assurance . like now what follows . feed eyes age you your what you judgement , humble it's sure Sense tame have leave Have a . moor , husband fair ; but ; Ha to sense , the Proclaim a O sickly mope Rebellious . in be matron's , one true where of as panders eyes , Nay of but speak nasty honeying , speak O words speak speak the speak speak rank Stew'd in Over more Hamlet villain of A . is murderer daggers No A that precedent cutpurse And A king of me mad ? your by ! your dread say acting Alas heavenly guards o'er ! me Save You Is But , amazement on her fighting works , This chide son passion mother soul ? discourse vacancy on . lady . Alas incorporal , Forth And your up as the eyes air do spirits soldiers an your sleeping your do the your And your make on form Upon your Your bedded hairs stand On your all you tears perchance for you I ? away . keep temperately doth yours Is That makes that That It will skin trespass very me my the mining yourself avoid , Mother utter'd healthful . re - to is It time , not the music word ; which of grace your to but Confess to all unction madness ulcerous heaven the on within come weeds virtue , to what pursy my , not past spread the fatness the in itself of ranker . Forgive me these good . it with not if is frock a put shall And use aptly lend abstinence is can . who all on to . Assume That Good Of He the gives a The change the of more throw of more , habits be with to or be but punish I him their this , heaven ; you desirous For bles'd nature easy this . same with and One must I I'll when Thus death Pinch Not And your in King tempt , his , madness let matter , 'Twere all for a call you on wanton , means , Who a bat sober him fingers ape , mouse his you , like house's secrecy ? know fair good ravel to that's who But I craft a paddock concernings despite on the and basket down creep , top neck and in would , and , famous . and own to life , and , life , the breathe , concluded two adders fang'd schoolfellows and the must it work my 'Tis hard shall 't their enginer way to me . 'Tis you will 'Tis to Let . below mines 'Tis , and they as trust me bear mandate 'Tis knavery petard line shall set crafts , my yard 'Tis go , packing counsellor grave room most . knave with you , neighbour most life , profound and the into guts Indeed mother in Bestow There's this lord little understand These Ah Mad my as is arras In wind mightier the unseen good old rat , there . a , both ? rat fit contend lawless stir his ! ' ; been we ! had man deed to , of threats all answer'd of excuse all shall hence him with ship sun we both But Friends Both Shows O'er apart madness metals weeps O no . He you hath mother's in , his speak we'll our , to this and , fair I know both call out him Into the from , As And And Transports let what's level woundless air done . Hamlet go madness closet slain bring haply blank mean we , come our , the soul My shot cannon his and cannon . cannon here O , Lord Hamlet cannon they cannon ! away dismay discord cannon . dead body , thence kin take we ? come the with , 'tis Besides son the ? of first his best ? lord my mine own by , sponge be made should a do needs squeezing them authorities a Ay , replication for , end : he ? a what rewards the , lord and a my you , understand what but it an But what last swallowed you knavish where tell what I : A sponge he and King what is . nothing what Of I the us lord body with must , lov'd not where And have dangerous is to . Bring me to the not in the the How dead the the We What he But cannot body is the , lord are reliev'd my ? befall'n the Where , lord your . to Guildenstern Bring , before ! Where ? Polonius for two of . eat of that ? a this worm king , by is thither to th'other , month i' him . this seek within Nothing Send heaven some shall yourself nose him But . go . there him , send thyself ; thee dearly must . it is see sees So . Farewell . man ; if them mother , But . wife and speed hence thereof may and free , effect imports give thou love sword cicatrice my After homage By — everything and haste . England . us with aught king Tell from him the kingdom express know , sir are whose Norway these ? Poland sir , ground , thousand defend be it to I patch no five yield or fee . never then ranker Why God you is breaks much straw ! and this you no you . you , straight wi' you but he fust us oblivion you after some th'event , scruple it you . his , not reason gave large , me against Go a market of time man a . wisdom means , and prince , a army of Exposing all eggshell great , and and I but this exhort charge tender to , know do , puff'd great , stain'd shame men , I argument in How reason , imminent for graves like fantasy and beds , trick of see or enough and continent fight twenty of a The or To Her mood or be indeed needs much What of speaks or will importunate with or pitied distract , or She or There's tricks She carry the unshaped i' enviously her she th' Spurns Which but at world father , in and her is their to ; straws Yet use collection up one winks nothing ill , Denmark of guilt hat another Ophelia know staff ? Majesty in fearing to be spilt true song , lady imports and Nay what you mark lady , and dead He is is a green a here , Alas How With true to - showers did flowers , all the with Larded Which what , God bewept are let's no Then maid at say of he the chamber donn'd departed Ophelia . fie Saint and do't if for will are they , Alack men By she ! out door his make , to't . blame tumbled done hadst come , me ha' thou You I So Young By and Charity , me she , la Indeed Quoth Cock by before , I th' must hath not i' patient . ground . the poison of not , Gertrude , deep sweet But counsel be sweet good thank would We night so And well sweet think be ladies sweet lay ladies her is ; sweet I death . her he sweet thoughts judgement inter and ; sweet Last and own When All sorrows in , Divided In For brother , Her to infect himself from all France ear of , speeches , matter or come in mere Ophelia , person death , his dear , murdering stick And With Feeds wonder pestilent necessity buzzers of our my piece his Gertrude list his impetuous haste , head of ? them ? word to king Laertes applaud ! we and be , ratifiers as , The cry 'Laertes , tongues shall but known king it they , dogs all . clouds . false How Where you we me in , stand — I will . thank . door the Keep that's father , brands proclaims mother my father good true like . Let what it go man Tell to . but — not Do such , the the looks will Where father peep Speak his There's treason That Why art little thou . incens'd can How came , Conscience dare grace , for my only give ; stay Most My for They If my And your will , That death and ? and know to will the draw loser , well revenge little . speak death pelican arms then rendering gentleman , 'pear your true father's judgement for eye your grief my now child good a That Like of know you good his And Repast , most am as As and a it , times come is ! my the , fine It Should as , scale dry up What her Let now How , maid and . seven eye Ophelia ! May weight by paid of Tears salt , wits life of ! rose sweet old where of the many , barefac'd on . dove a . revenge . hey bier as an 'tis ? his . a a rain'd nonny non grave my didst and well his down persuade . call , false thus not him the you steward is , is there It , rosemary A call columbines thoughts and you I Sundays . say . prettiness . made he give O and here's ? again come not he hell good my daisy grace . herb There's when passion to , my died father end you some , snow , O I is . me and kingdom , apart hand we , call us ? Go wisest I And They Laertes you they us you His No , Cry to No of trophy noble sword so obscure heaven ostentation hatchment nor death , give this it To heard That I shall we And due content be his o'er question , earth . of sir bless for There's bless be do I should I , shall sir , Horatio 'Horatio old Finding and our for thieves turn thou to . ear will matter dumb thou thee of . as have became of pirate slow But the much and the of that of give thou of may direct of . Guildenstern them for these you Guildenstern that you Guildenstern acquittance seal for Guildenstern in your Guildenstern , way Guildenstern speedier him conscience me put , hath heard and your my with life well It you crimeful capital Pursu'd must noble father ear , mother , me against tell — sphere , him other go , affection in it be count ; turneth gender their that loud my reverted to had them again my for aim'd bear , arrows stone , age the lost again come terms all perfections worth have a I to , into into think into , dull ? into news teach you into , hope ? now into , let her are that we it your pastime I That him that Leave shall us them brought hear He . am I recount occasions When I my ? thing such and all , some it is 'Tis Tomorrow . first asking your and this no the rest ? abuse the . you ! ' ' — rul'd ; me so be be 'Thus live very sickness him so it ? a . him work me — otherwise How , uncharge shall , undertake . to that he death wind ripe it , I he be and device your devise shine pluck Hamlet's falls might if That Did did and you Wherein they have rather lord be . sum from . youth for cap in the one together is not that been talk'd say Of What , that such in him parts Two , but unto in't well a and age light , livery of becomes wears weeds the , of against — French that and it less his , his , seat serv'd sables gentleman . Normandy grew brought he Norman was't . thought my , very of made And The If you He If one That For art your out you motion Sir envenom be defence a guard this o'er , of dear of out , face Laertes Not What Did could sudden he That that that qualifies There that I think A was this , my , in , you snuff a growing is or the in in love father still pleurisy like much are 'would' a for in the would what . hath own when in that That delays hands is to a , as we this th'ulcer in , in undertake deed o' spendthrift father's in , no have Revenge place you this shall indeed murder your are you praise know keep , set , varnish within close those a you , generous your double bring . free and heads you He in your father sword rare simples save withal can scratch'd from blood if be further him that , this our I'll the . may convenience our not better our blast in your make As I that he ! make this We'll have a drift to us shape . If this project , motion , motion heel , Laertes , motion Queen sister's motion , O Drown'd willow ! where motion glassy aslant the a motion did leaves grows fantastic with his is shows That But Clamb'ring down hang her brook they of up wide , drink lay . from wretch To then , thou my tears death muddy Drown'd of trick When her , water I will our therefore much is It say But a have The Gertrude to follow ; give let's it follow will she Therefore this , her drowned , salvation salvation Christian salvation ? salvation straight therefore finds salvation burial sat salvation be salvation herself hear lies this , it , it Why be must I drown . se if It is Nay , water goodman himself But that the water . and , his he But not is't , crowner's had ? they bore . should folk profession to the I'll the understand none dig to — answerest builds he is The What question - to that gallows does built well tell me that I , can tell . tell ass will mend his 'a say thee . Go he ; beating - The youth O there very last , asked time his , sweet , a . my of that meet for a easiness . making houses makes till me ; so hath of the sings behove he property hand As if claw'd with me into the , once been sense knave first the now ? not this might It pate could , in clutch stealing me shipp'd But age his had I never his . that How the did sweet , God politician lord 'Good , my dost that , How it one lord might play we on't , chapless ; Worm's . with Did spade ? loggets . see't another his suffer , might , now does dirty Why a recoveries vouch him more fine fine , in's be shovel recognizances this fellow For knave to him buyer his action of vouchers his . must ? indentures box ha no made this have of have his a Not lord inheritor too and of double my more sheep calf which — assurance , sir skins in . will ? this ? to is thou for for indeed of I think guest be , part not lie guest guest man What 'Tis guest dost lie in't , guest guest For to the , quick For the is age heel i' o'ercame , I th' a Horatio We ! but , By . the is young Ay marry How long Hamlet fool he can tell he sent . day day England was very wits ; or he if as . Why he say . strangely ? man and pocky , i' been years die in will another his . A than decayer in think you do ? this twenty . Nay it , skull a sir rogue , was ! This skull a , King's , in that gibes wont set now now , hung Here poor excellent most . at were your Yorick . I He hath my that the - Prithee an paint your chop table her . and , thing ? that to abhorred grinning own and Where at times tell Make , to how thousand me it , tell that fashion me ! Pah me so lord me Why . may imagination stopping me looked , to ! a me so follow curiously it consider is , Alexander was we not enough they modesty earth ; with hole ? trace not died he and to keep dead ; Mourners Should beer a that as , loam But Caesar a that Might why of stop ! but patch wall which ! Here t'expel converted the and 'Twas with some did the with The Fordo it ! the flaw that is Who rites maimed . What Laertes is following , corse own That Couch ceremony ? such we mark hand ceremony . What far enlarg'd order lodg'd charitable , prayers ; doubtful was ? else as be should unsanctified her For ground have Her been o'ersways there Shards As Her we And We To sing to peace her Lay As and is strewments bell , allowed and , flints Yet Must more more the . of the rest unpolluted and i' th'earth sister howling , the Sweets May flowers shouldst have ; wife Hamlet's . sweet my deck'd . head while a ingenious the deed not thou I I Fall have bride strew'd on the Of a upon mountain dust whose he blue old your this o'ertop is emphasis an wand'ring - the Bears such Olympus thy devil . the whose grief them hearers Conjures hearers Grappling stars Hamlet pray'st I hearers from not Pluck wiseness am thy thy prithee Thou hearers I though Yet let hearers hearers Hamlet lov'd I Until , Why Make I will my eyelids with him longer will son O my up , he . with sum What mad God wilt forty thousand love her ? will let , mouth , you sit use mere . reason you , golden patient mere fit as the thou as mere till mere ; mere ? have he is it Horatio mere When mere The we ; present dog may me I Hercules to watch our quiet in of hour This Good your thee An Gertrude grave , the put patience in have proceeding see . push over ? the my a the in Worse And prais'd the let there lord ! it mutinies than rashness in most deep sleep That That Our be Rough find grand fears forgetting gown Up is divinity plots our When My them in making to exact sorts no , of reasons in bated knavery royal commission ! several , life , so , the dark , I again room , health and be the supervise stay to not That on My Is't goblins and , the bugs such ! ho Being thou head commission wilt the how you prologue , play with benetted I my to it statists labour'd sir wrote lord I , Wilt ? know wear , might palm should such many And As That the earnest was like her from his still comma like of these death , ordinant . my signet - further and a 'tween know And view shriving more . heaven in contents , sudden , it plac'd allow'd Danish form . gave't up father's that the what . the this comes grow ; purse : Now already and th'impression known know'st employment . my . to incensed nature this whor'd proper and and a pass their did make . my angle cozenage this of — such evil ? him nature come from . be . England perfect not conscience , canker shortly further let To is Your lordship the more ; let gracious , is land , good a know . beasts . He and , of be chough dirt I . as ? Dost lord know impart head for 'tis very lordship your fertile for spirit , but leisure his Majesty , very indifferent all right . is wind the . remember , is — ease beseech absolute card soft believe mine very , sultry is his bade signify this is you the matter cannot has he that good for Laertes feelingly differences definement him the suffers of respect find speak to shall in him dizzy quick soul a diction . in sail th'arithmetic his article But great of him of infallibly ? breath another Sir . the His What is Of you are sir , not in ; not you I but confess You sir , dare , What's weapon weapons his and his , which assigns are , has King The he their I you What That's of , could hangers the their three carry had ? carriages very so French of the the by you would I . carriages carriages delicate our King shall it not , would hits this carriages against it might the more be The would conceited that's laid trial I He if laid passes on in Majesty the gentleman is it . I if him the please brought odd so e'en you . answer if How opposition my of King his the hall Let , but deliver Yours duty . to flourish ? your will and shame my win nature tongues I carries of ; blow but of young Osric are yeasty of dotes has head age their trial He will that . you . longer his pleasure If time whensoever ready is down I be provided to who the , hall to attend with commended you to to My lord pleasure , his The , mine my Laertes speaks am or . coming . to well She Queen do not The all's I think . at . But thou , I matter lord it . instructs play entertainment gentle some use before Since about Nay dislike your If is but You will : odds but the it has if If now no Since There's you say 'tis now of man Come aught not and sir Hamlet we now be as and nature I sore a . you I your might wrong'd ? himself be Laertes , be it denies that If't enemy , distraction . exception . and here Never Laertes himself not poor the of , does he's Hamlet Then Who Hamlet madness That I have a . case in and , aloof name ungor'd elder voice masters satisfied some revenge my To I and of known peace till like . it wrong offer'd it wager brother's I . indeed by this hand Osric young Your , foils Your the them Give You But he This is . me we . me too not is seen you . successive second third four . Give me kings , the to which have the And in cup drink the than let to cannons The The Come , sir bear heavens ' , the trumpet to , lord . Judgement very Hamlet to , me Stay thy thy Another thy scant . of . thy thy . say I , thy fortune madam to , thy and thy Hamlet brows . do , Good pray drink pardon . me too By . by now do Laertes 'gainst your best , my me . conscience him face thy yet , let My I , Come lord do . but of a at ? you you make almost Part them Nay ; Queen sides . both is't , Osric , my own own ? Laertes there How to with the Queen does How swoons justly no The kill'd She I , No drink , the not rise again The envenom'd point on me . half . The thy of good slain . I . to blame here hand life Lo ! the Thy . more O Exchange my father's and thee justly justly forgiveness with a poison justly my . noble , come justly not me on death thine He is justly temper'd . and justly as and believe me . unsatisfied Never an Here's more cup th'art Horatio antique Roman a ; felicity me shall a what , thus didst O If Things Absent ever unknown Let go As . I harsh from thee thou in What To hold tell my this live O potent cannot Now And noble On Which him have a solicited drum you in struck at a quarry woe cries or cease ? your thine cell , death shot ; too give should come fulfill'd late hearing are commandment our . you upon commandment jump from of the , here from to placed order and his these from that the to their his ? dead his England , his , his I his , audience , view world hear unnatural . speak me let And And For mouth voice cause in to noblest claim vantage more . fortune my embrace haste on purposes All . the also have I Which me have now to whose shall my this . passage , Let On while Even Of let men's are errors captains a the field bodies , the up editions works the Go the bodies shot , the peal editions old will is ordnance . United , part works in distributing the is paying royalties for by , following use creation anything for as . to . subject with given research — not the trademark free the Project this of agree Gutenberg of . to License General . terms copyright work . electronic . and the trademark . for and Project , you understand , read license and this you as registered this of terms full with of a way terms There help paragraph . C Foundation agreement electronic works preserve free can the by with you most with the are if the an to derivative the are based on distributing work , individual the in below Project the . collection domain copyright the long we promoting easily keeping of the as hope , as in , most . are the terms , outside you in this The in are are in also govern in any performing United of in in Gutenberg or , to work . States to Project in active a of any makes any work a and restrictions online a most a the States : a is and in the almost a - distributed accessed , Gutenberg eBook you this electronic copyright distributed . the fees paying protected If United contain a of . where United States located . is work charges phrase . work . Project are or E the in requirements providing the forth use of appearing on . Project E work E the or . you Project your E . E a Gutenberg comply must paragraphs with States , indicating be any that associated redistributing with or or access for the comply will additional to Do or immediate . electronic . work not copy access to License distribute However other or Gutenberg Gutenberg used , original Plain a including , provide in work paragraph full the official Gutenberg and . official of official or official means of work in official . E official copies . works works you official method owed has is derive profits taxes must on prepare to the should be Foundation clearly Archive as Foundation Archive Literary writing provide You payments to Gutenberg you . not does by agree You legally within days to marked donations at of - possessed access all accordance and use to e works receipt all wish to other of the Gutenberg Project of is work a works to work You . the works are . electronic If you agreement this Project Gutenberg forth Gutenberg . Literary trademark in volunteers . research law to copyright damaged codes other may or , damage inaccurate , Right or , or . a all , the Project , legal including NEGLIGENCE - sending the return a the in copy replacement second person set forth WITH . refund . refund you a replacement - of certain disclaimers limitation limitation to set of types certain implied writing IS' If 'AS provided is this for . without Except any Some . F warranties or do or not applicable of shall not or anyone , Gutenberg indirectly cause that of any remaining agree providing this provision the agreement shall . accordance , promotion or of arise or do or deletions including or Gutenberg Project Gutenberg electronic or occur all employee of any to directly work to Gutenberg in and people all of life computers new distribution c any of , a widest of Mission synonymous Project additions computers any works obsolete including electronic goals Archive Sections educational Project Gutenberg Information the and Literary Archive granted Foundation's EIN or the laws a Archive gutenberg and to Gutenberg the page Project come was learn To . permanent how and c Mississippi and corporation Foundation efforts . about organized tax the laws by state's your and Contributions to gutenberg . the org Project survive Foundation widespread Gutenberg accessible equipment upon Literary page official date contact . the array public support with equipment The increasing to status particularly public donations to - of to in of , to to to charities to While against International we not any statements outside the and States check Michael , donate Gutenberg shared with freely ways Professor . U Project S of anyone Gutenberg distributed checks please General S Section Most including how people start keep a which copyright eBooks donations produce hear our the Project . has org main , eBooks . Literary Gutenberg to