, answer Nay there the Barnardo yourself Stand and unfold Stand Stand 'Tis . Stand to your Stand Stand Francisco , stirring good mouse had you relief twelve sick heart thanks Have you do quiet at night and Marcellus , bid make ground you Dane . night the good liegemen to Stand ! night . Barnardo - good ? nothing tonight of him us again Marcellus . says not dreaded have down again fortified so nights us let And Tush may , tush eyes and not 'twill this our , now his yond Had Where we Well us The same the art it a star Thou , off speak Mark and night form . this be . thee charge ! speak See is stalks away . speak answer You and than ! you think more on't ! own and eyes ! avouch not God sensible might true the King ! not I mine ! something Of armour very art on . this had thyself it ice angry in by not know work and toils nightly sit impress for daily cast subject the the not be toward night the is't might foreign of implements , from this ? day : knows . that land ; task . week cannon war sweaty sore most and strict of last , haste whose mart why And Does And Doth even , now so inform me I labourer , Hamlet , us most world by , heraldry seal'd a law our known of , his life which the Against gaged he stood with all moiety a to the had young hot , Norway of in't ; unto appear of to a stomach So it But For the skirts list recover diet to by our state , it , take land so the chief preparations e'en portentous dews of the and Roman and and our armed Well Comes think I The graves little mote squeak stars As And prologue to preceding to almost the , Unto our sound it though If be may If there to That cross But , any hast , and climatures I'll Which Or speak strike at my ! speak death life avoid speak fate ! speak earth oft and spirits speak , you Stay it speak it not ! here ? stand . our is was to air it do And Upon cock It The , a it then Doth that , like trumpet the summons day lofty of or fire and god in with his Th'extravagant , and of made of that celebrated night dare in in russet do and morn the heard and so yon watch , hill . it , time part high by seen him , tonight clad . duty our it ? him I find most him and conveniently . our and and Attendant death , that our brother's and fought on , a to Th'imperial we Have one mirth , jointress sometime now ourselves with of , dear think . nature him marriage , thanks Fortinbras dear late our by Holding this Or Our state follows equal as auspicious to better affair , To by Now our for business for with surrender the Importing most ourself valiant pester of to this dream Thus To Who this Norway , and nephew's - this . all of for Fortinbras scarcely time we , hears suppress to are the levies all here we proportions you further , more personal commend : will farewell duty . Laertes with Laertes , Dane , France coronation says pardon , France done duty return that gracious came I my slow last at hard my leave time be ! go . consent to him lord my , laboursome his By will you best cousin thy beseech , graces spend Hamlet at less and much dust lids off Denmark . in . common , particular with madam through ever is ; my it so it , If , father is to nature Why ! Ay seems be alone Nay windy the forms me denote they have the give must father lost , your , filial condolement In unmanly a But is to sorrow stubbornness obligation 'Tis will , simple , to sense ; heaven to to fault common fault a is unschool'd to heaven , as and A An we Why should the For Take Do I with no immediate less in our bend to our eye : love his For desire your Wittenberg . and my with thy I shall all a in and my to No smiling Sits jocund as This the Re His Thaw that , self that Or canon Seem 'gainst That to on't merely nay , not ; a not might satyr to Hyperion Visit Must I As me That it A left Ere Than God Niobe have My father's With my , not . heart Hail am I to your ! well myself lord you — Horatio , Marcellus from my with friend ; Wittenberg name , sir — truster it shall To what . yourself you to , teach your affair you my your father's funeral wedding - your see ere own enemy ? report . Elsinore . truant see depart you see The ! lord , see was mock see follow'd hard marriage tables bak'd see see see eye eye . for him upon , My eye lord Saw father father eye . eye him yesternight , in again eye , watch night your the , did him they surprised : thrice , fear eyes . both your like ? once I platform knew word deliver'd night third had each more I this . none none methought haste in shrunk our none cock like the it morning as , head it then none and would . none Hold MARCELLUS and watch tonight troubles . none none ; true 'tis in it of down writ honour'd know lord me ? face foot my , to ? head frowningly his than ? not his , From you ? in very upon there been much you And Very While one with moderate Not I , and . was , might have tonight ? tell was . no in . again . hell itself , all gape sight no tonight fare tongue silence , well ye but you still and . you visit your : soul foul night is you honour eleven , All the deeds will men's eyes , to not well come were : winds not . benefit sleep ? and a in fashion A Hold And , suppliance , of No perfume , virtue now withal , his weigh'd The And His , Whereof Grows for therefore voice . wisdom his As May must And Unto is It he If Then the give fits your Carve The himself and Then particular Denmark dear enough of prodigal to the , affection , rear is it moon my : danger his heart credent which unmaster'd maid chariest 'scapes her , the and infants buttons liquid are morn the most else fear near the calumnious beauty . sister desire of galls she and best rebels then to As And in the canker blastments Contagious . Youth . I Do me Show . stay I . too long fear not upon a . here puff'd as not . his rede own , double O smiles And Occasion here Yet , dull thy soul , but thee in being few thy can purse but , may hatch'd thy with and unto do each Those them censure as reserve rich proclaims best the of and apparel man's every Of Costly man thy of they it all And Farewell must not blessing : canst : both generous lender the oft And For most oft For Neither a borrower edge thine my , your remember go ; Hamlet . of you . he tell bounteous and and oft of you must he . honour he said Lord he he girl he a speak , as tenders I . them ? think , love with tender wind — not My lord , Ay hath Giving springes the more in Even Lends given With And must in that of mere like But believe dye vows given Breathing better I would Not not Do any and their Lord , are may young is few unholy pious is , slander charge in plain talk shall my it air It is nipping hour What is eager ? lacks and shrewdly . the near very season , out Rhenish rouse ? reels pledge trumpet his down custom observance and it phrase takes at perform'd east swinish , height , them guilty men reason of forts and pales cannot manners that plausive down their vicious it oft So That breaking form say of by As some o'ergrowth the , the stamp — too or livery Nature's As — Oft Or habit ; man fault that Doth To of , it comes lord substance scandal my , Angels Be with thou airs wicked bones , in ; What corse , why quietly and again , Revisit'st cast That thus again thee ! reaches do , Hamlet thee . desire alone more speak waves beckons you what with It you do not not , my a it as , not do what set , tempt to Or his other Think of the into of desperation of sea , it . to fathoms motive so Which rul'd Hold , hands My the Still As hardy And am call'd make — follow I'll of shall to with him obey issue not . By ! a ghost on of thus desperate ; Heaven rotten Let's after Something lead thou , me ? When Speak So to thou To Pity lend bound when shall . spheres young house fires am of night whose freeze ; thy like particular each And thy two knotted a the day certain unfold I And Till unfold unfold Are unfold unfold Make unfold Like But and flesh of Revenge ! O and most father love ! I thoughts thee find Haste to , most Murder foul this me As know't sweep my the that or 'Tis serpent out stir itself in be Now Lethe Denmark my in . ease thou rots That And duller serpent soul ! traitorous power gifts dignity vow poor , queen shameful have decline will never radiant angel link'd be , mov'd his , and lust off with to bed celestial in virtue whose a to That those Brief let My Upon me be prey And . methinks always I itself court But in in of The such whose ears a did vial pour of courses of alleys and sudden it blood the body posset , man through doth milk , it into it , uncle stole So tetter instant - even All like eager . droppings crust with head sent unanel'd body and , with mine ; with with , once with a queen my dispatch'd sin to . contrive with my most horrible bear incest soul at to heaven be to matin uneffectual , pale . Fare leave nor , his . adieu of hell ? near ! holds Remember memory thee my table globe all all and matter pernicious most villain it , smile observation smile , be observation may and , observation , are observation it is I damned observation sworn't adieu My observation 'Adieu Within , So That uncle I least . ho , Heaven , Within . Lord him ! So be , Not , be heaven by . man secret my lord ? dwelling But no ghost he's an come . the circumstance : Denmark , all at shake desire business my . you grave poor lord . heartily I'll lord I'll faith offend words go I'll , as business we and hath — is every I'll . my but Patrick too I'll an your I'll as desire know now , let Touching this there offence , I'll no I'll us . you tell vision is Horatio , between me is poor known In , and me friends , my lord have not . I . not . my sword , lord sworn , upon my indeed lord , Indeed We my , cellarage . Consent , oath thou under hear this the Propose Never , ha Hic ? your again upon Come Well A said old day , and it earth welcome is remove Canst ! Once Beneath worthy pioner a of give but , strange How Than are , I put such times , mercy myself . strange wondrous philosophy , soe'er an thus to 'Well 'If There are , perchance I in dreamt That As you by you arms With at of and we That Or grace So know aught me : need , gentlemen . commend man me , spite . I right pray in cursed , go us as set . your of was out ever Nay your not what do , Let lips O to I come let's I this , inquiry . my wisely visit him , intend , very lord you Of , me who company and , Enquire What Take As By this do your 'twere know do his you and mark , my lord he's , mean But What As Quarrelling Ay You must drabbing . may go lord and companions To As gaming drinking , fencing , would him the him scandal season put breathe of , know my drift here's is a fetch my warrant this . do , my And Ay I laying a Of to or closes you converse in thing these believe it a Mark you him Having As He the By mass Very does I say does thus or the and the consequence 'gentleman did leave ? gentleman , such tennis' at gaming with out him saw 'I Videlicet , There , yesterday There was falling he enter such house perchance , you rouse as , in's day so wisdom and this and find me You , of thus windlasses wi' former My , lord with directions lecture have you in you music . ply his . Farewell Well let him now , my , lord have I the I with his upon Hamlet and - knees was as gyved to all my sewing , his stockings piteous in each , of out before me purport other in knocking comes so down shirt if , look been his his hell it fear , brow his of wrist What me he his to My hand . perusal held his of Long little thus a — a it head sigh to , over his his with seem'd For , find to the seek on the , go me bulk lets their head And He Come , No . I . seems that access given As leads the will to passion . hard oft as any have What This which , go grief must be More to , Come dear , Rosencrantz and hate we younger , being , hide use you to see you heard it inward the have sending nor call , have I should thus , th'exterior much we long did we it nor was death th'understanding . his and court , gather glean , him may pleasures entreat be thus our much not men adheres he us unknown remedy lies hath , am That on your to by and to you occasion within you of living , open'd as talk'd there and will command , hope thanks us of , feet bent full into more . you majesties entreaty to Than both ourselves and Guildenstern Rosencrantz and at freely be , too Thanks beseech son you gentle commanded Go instantly gentle is , you . lord , our . him to , Assure hast , to The Hunts us'd — trail cause do that th'ambassadors great that . to bring and , source shall to , and my all your but o'erhasty other our we death is shall good . him truly ; he look'd better Upon Most To But was so his ; falsely Makes give Whereon Fortinbras of th'assay vow from Norway , age sends , whereat out more to to fee annual in your never Majesty those soldiers to : pass , Polack to , to , to . labour . together - to likes As dominions of safety enterprise , duty . well , be night soul and limbs the be will Why Meantime day is't let son less . is madness , and should , brevity night , else noble Your for be with define . defect figure no this this thus , cause is Perpend pity ; all 'tis , she mark surmise . be her Came Good this awhile madam love O these ill I I Ophelia Doubt But am at lady liar move fire , faithful reckon Adieu ; him , to is not have I solicitings , ear receiv'd of hath given by obedience in And most , This But fain seen told , I would When I of man my And Which he Fell Thence Into to Thence done Admit she , the — thence , wherein by . raves he now for into no from of thy star his precepts of receive fruits a tale tokens . fast weakness , ' that I'd positively , very likely fain indeed together centre me , Within hid sometimes Here So I'll no keep where look But sadly board my ? Lord - me good my lord . good good me are man good a you world this my so honest good lord . good , my lord is a lord being blessing a . is . not but to't Conception . Aside ? daughter i' That's very breed her How walk me say at Between you What , again is words I'll ; said not to do extremity my that , am , sir a ; wrinkled which not here eyes lack thick wit powerfully set , men of and you grey lord , that are and hold that it be go be you walk Will . Aside you . the is ! contrive sir , withal My Indeed are that out so , replies sanity the not suddenly could , except You How lord ! dost thou how do , Good indifferent the not very are , Ah both cap the Nor her you live of Fortune lord , None near particular What deserved true Let hither O the your good friends ; grown that my But , most at ? dungeons and . or mind good prison narrow either lord too very bad and count myself . your the of . the I nutshell a in it but that it is outstretch'd quality a fay by . to we th' reason I dream shadow . a ROSENCRANTZ We'll upon GUILDENSTERN ? shadow's a airy and most you Elsinore . But ? at occasion no friendship , but dreadfully And ; Were thank . speak free I other sent Come is craft there and you for sent not could were sent of whether , what and consonancy of our direct . no with What say . were sent for hold , me your prevent an have we shall , the I earth frame , not King seems , look to goes the roof know to work and majestical canopy air Queen my and so me man , delights your you me yet my , man them service on delights nor what . woman . 'Man in so , laugh there from coming you . you to are or both in , in — delight are the the Are ? of I was the the residence ways . reputation , of fashion , Do top — that come is Do , Do many scarce are players Do ? they them do Do holds it not escoted Do thither the on them Do How ? wearing wrong nation to about of ? throwing away ? and too . his Denmark give little twenty , than for uncle ; at hundred something in ducats apiece while for , the they , mouths my extent should my fashion to welcome , garb fairly but mad north - at each for an they 'twas players so Mark indeed actor in ass buzz my . Roscius to have news tell you was . hither The are come my , pastoral either - on . his too ? lord — daughter fair he on loved Still Aside What , passing well no . daughter have daughter old . love ? not , As to by last are , Com'st came the thou lady the have quality a straight e'en Come speech . cracked chopine your of a not be welcome all to the general , thee not , whose cunning the of savoury affectation . heard play judgements chiefly loved . very much , one the scenes , set Dido . and , with , dread the did in to smear'd sons , it live let me me let see he purpose rugged blood fathers lend their And Old So eyes With , lord my well God With Bak'd of Now short , grandsire he match'd it antique . Greeks command to his at Anon thus like carbuncles with o'ersized , Striking But Th'unnerved with Repugnant at to prisoner Priam a declining on nothing heavens we silence And So Of Priam drives Stoops like as ear . speechless , anon armour On less the Cyclops' new him sets region death the And And Out for shall It He's rheum good That's Where With A this , lank bisson In instant When Unless Would And made have things mincing she her diadem and th'alarm saw sword her she that make eyes burning the milch you out have were the abstracts players are you use according live you brief bad a and more , has soon their ill time and The in . a . bounty The play ? hear man them Use much more Follow him , friends . We'll is merit hear thou Dost lord , of Gonzago ? leave him , could I'll , to alone passion player am . peasant monstrous not from , eyes , forms A conceit voice his to and ye slave this I a dream am rogue that working his and to do ! I of Yet I , peak nothing ! passion with free , stage would speech ; appal and unpregnant I pate my lie does it property muddy , would He ? have general guilty and mad whose defeat calls Who Like - as am oppression have fatted this it the , bawdy villain kindless , or , bitter take - should Bloody ere take lungs made villain take my to the make an to Prompted take And fall a take , of lecherous : it ? me ? take be kites take take most brave murder'd , words , is vengeance a by revenge ass what That , whore I my With , by guilty About scullion like a ! Fie ! brain sitting cunning at , blench seen hath I but he If spirit the , and , have devil my yea the have such I'll with The . the puts he by from Get Grating him no drift confusion ? of quiet this all and turbulent so Did But of much of with like forcing you assay in his his that certain Niggard free but it raught there Madam - To With drive hear To Good my gentlemen his We . lawful by my , give purpose on to seeing Hamlet accident , frankly , unseen espials is love . suffers for you his he as , him thus their , Ophelia the happy do wish , book , this so on this ! my sugar himself devil action such ourselves will Is harlot's is coming , smart The that thing most that is lord my of die a end him to slings Whether To or No by Or take ; heart That , by ? there's dreams There's . may ? respect life the coil come time and ? sleep to what this , consummation shocks ? whips , whips , whips bourn , the something after will whips whips whips ? of ills we all whips this lose And With And fair does Ophelia all The enterprises regard name Be ; well , well Good this , receive you aught . well yours . not , gave I well lost mind perfume their ; rich know right you , words more things for the prove . you Are my lord Are you My What and to fair , beauty . honesty your your beauty you if ; to it truly his . for should stock to thee a indifferent were are all nunnery , may , the Farewell fool thy ! thou shalt , give as him . snow thee this if too monsters , nunnery know nunnery ice help go go , to ; as dost a chaste , to , will , have and you of and make yourselves . well , that Those a and Th'expectancy glass of suck'd honey most music tune most fashion of , courtier's , rose of and of The Th'observ'd And That sweet bells see Now Like Thus set Will And I , doubt , which quick he our shall shall for countries , in puts think . well still settled matter What of of do you on't thus , expel beating neglected tell us what How commencement . all You do origin not his grief Ophelia believe I himself yet , alone round , confine shall . so let his you if But show his love from Sprung We Lord do conference plac'd I'll shall so It Your Madness , pray , if I you as lines use but , may say my mouth must not be ones great in you temperance a beget the most would Herods have rags a may give , out a but , the that Suit Be soul to . I neither ; purpose o'erstep not the word you it . the end action your , discretion own tutor anything at up the make I allowance or made not sir . the speak your players not overdone this image laugh which , there one her scorn be must . accent that , praise the , journeymen humanity made had men so us your , them spectators to be then speak that will laugh ambition you a the ready and shows make most of barren of quantity , this . fool this Will this this this this my to and hasten . Horatio , will , As revenue crook let candied pregnant soul my Since feed No thrift the , seal'd , A one To Hast blood , clothe tongue her mistress dear And with please . well And buffets , distinguish of thou suffers nothing those co that finger are , are , are that are blessed so Give are are , and in ay are . not , thee are is do core is of thee it told play comes tonight a near the act seen soul of my in as both the , of rivet will . Give censure his my Well he my my Rosencrantz A my fares , King Guildenstern , Get my detecting the you place my and Hamlet Enter coming my I , cousin ; with . now cannot you Hamlet you enact ? actor Capitol calf so ? by your my . No , Come a Ay brute shall do ! your Do nothing , lord think to I a . a have for my months two , father , my ? I should . and twice how cheerfully my you lady sables long , the man's great heavens then Nay 'tis let O he - Enter , She , her takes action seeming She declines , off . exits The his a and seeing returns upon show very it asleep protestation the Queen him Anon in four body loth his miching means this mallecho show this Marry this is the ; What imports the We know : this you'll that not naught your to what I'll tragedy , of ring hearing or the posy . love woman's , brief patiently clemency , round , ground , hands cart . bands Hymen . must extremity and ; fear is made , so are doubts fear great leave fair , me but O needs the treason first . marriage the my in . thou haply this and , husband second the second None love be kill'd ; validity to poor slave oft , unripe , now mellow be propose destroy joy . most grief the we lose . lament not . flies favourite fortune fortunes ; for question fortune , advanc'd And Our That are thy But So earth and Sport Nor To from from , here sworn . she dull from once grow tedious The day with fain leave from , from My spirits from deeply . I opposite widow and have well ever Sweet , this ? in't . image . what not the wife world i' : but , play touches unwrung lord to the . my , piece , Gonzago a our it . if , good and dallying lord you the , take , could I . mixture , black hands apt croaking , midnight , thrice , agreeing damnable . no of Confederate Thoughts mistake — Begin Still . worse and , doth bellow time seeing wholesome estate usurp dire property . infected , collected story how see choice rises the love His Gonzago . name's You lord fire Gonzago's play Away . the frighted false ? my Give ungalled some , Lights For Would shoes get dost , himself know one , dismantled pajock — very You might whole A perceive O good . dear I O was recorders . have , my ? of the note , Come the not . well ? well well . you well sir music comedy . with well whole , perdie well , well a , drink marvellous rather lord more to ; No Is . to and . pronounce me , more great more most , mother You is more in more I your , make lord more this are the right more shall I of business cannot I my diseased wit's My Sir shall , answer but wholesome a matter . admiration : matter with were in mother's matter says more no thus she matter wonderful matter matter She Good My own your upon door my lord can that , How , liberty Sir the be the lack of the the while Let wind My the lord the well , cannot . mouth you Look lying know as it cannot But , I to would command any , utterance . are it with , it of no thumb to my mystery ; cannot and you know . breath look would is a there God bless would played ; than pipe me make can on yet it much seem , My , speak you Do you the me They by . top to . friends me I itself breathes ever this Now said . and . by . out let firm ; my . use bosom not the to none , be somever this be enter . Soft . but not unnatural now mother : hypocrites , consent with us you prepare safe it madness of so That keep We of religious many those and will all strength peculiar life is much majesty it spokes huge the adjoin'd highest the It of summit annexment ; and whose on near The the and from and but ; not Dies Which I will For lord , My said some more that as hear 'Tis To process the arras I'll to going And the Behind A It Though My like brother's a man to be as I upon't smells curse can will this the , heavens serves blood , begin cursed brother's sweet ! itself compell'd above , murder the look I'll Then th'offence my and and currents of shove wicked not we forehead action ? assay , steel free ? rests faults ; lies ? repent be babe born well heart angels new ! with - strings of be the may be so now scann'd that for and same be salary heaven May ? be thought reveng'd be soul villain be be , bread , act black at heaven . stays , No . kick in't heaven my and rises up never My mother . days never , never never him , never screen'd silence with me lay home to never between with . not hear I , are . wife . budge me so so may ? so Come , not would it I'll so then so Behind so What , Dead . Behind help wilt . What , a rash is the it and and brother good his . deed bad O wretched rash 'twas kill , mother . thy danger , fortune is Peace , of have wring of wringing let Leave To Polonius Ay , too it heart hands thy , Thou find'st to And Thou I be for took That proof custom If . your me What and In and Such an blush of and against compound face makes , vows and body blister forehead , takes of modesty and love doth contraction off of . religion and , the innocent and , Ay Look That roars The of , and in thunders , two on this brothers . index on Jove threaten - grace heaven a : command and the , brow himself Mercury hill , follows mildew'd Have . brother you Look combination the husband husband wholesome your . world god his on this moor did the have the day ? fair cannot upon this to hath That serve in such it But thus Eyes without hands a . but Or not To Rebellious shame part of , ecstacy cozen'd a reserv'd sense To mope feeling without or eyes smelling true where one hell a matron's bones thy as no charge Proclaim doth as speak I such into eyes speak speak speak love soul spots speak speak . the Of And of shelf a put is it in more his ? figure . mad o'er patches . me would with your time say your and tardy to visitation sits blunted her and bodies , Hamlet lady her weakest her on thy between How look to Speak but step O But Is Sprinkle him His Upon on Lest cause them My with capable him . and an the , and heat form effects colour . this Then action Do preaching you ! To nothing want Do Will Nothing Nor No Why This is bodiless creation ! very very the cunning This Is Bring healthful doth My That I Would To It what's rank but your past unseen corruption , Forgive the spread in Virtue make , Repent Infects the woo itself vice for . Confess leave fatness and them Yea not not aptly that next shall not abstinence put lend the more , nature not not not , so . minister me , night good pleas'd hath and well will and So scourge For . are of me Thus Not Pinch the let , One bad I death your neck with in you , out damn'd reechy his mouse , do you bid I , do that tempt means call , again you of a cheek King no by , despite the a good not all , paddock , am . queen concernings , dear birds in Unpeg try break conclusions own I have me . to creep , breathe life famous top sober would secrecy so gib wise that know to said hast on my : 'Tis you no neck if to breath assur'd What England and knavery to me his They I will letters seal'd forgot had must Alack , marshal so will . Let the , 'tis sweet ; go mines work they trust And Hoist with I This When them one and 't below their room . Indeed . into toward , prating an Good Is translate ; is this understand fit These with end sighs profound ? little while sighs heaves Hamlet and wind ? Gertrude sighs what ? tonight fit sighs ' sighs a man good this the mightier hearing 'A apprehension sighs . old , stir ! there sighs ; both kills deed had threats to all answer'd everyone . us of divulging Where , a understand man shall , to bloody to this , what , deed and out providence of haunt love , fit our most , kill'd , for madness of He weeps the and mountains touch this , slain haste and the . dragg'd aid further , him this in bring some — our all his out mother's pray , I , Gertrude And My . on my , Lord and full Safely What ? lord calls you have it , that to believe Believe what your that the corner of his jaw not first , not dry be shall , what have King's not lord he but mouthed : not not foolish a gleaned not King me soaks not a officers , squeezing last swallowed sir them authorities like But . and needs , my the . lord in King thing my Hide lord , to sent him seek . Bring , thing A King us where me but have nothing . Who But offence so of in must Yet not pause desperate By appliance desperate must law , scourge , away bear judgement but their ? he guarded , Without , him us . to before in my your is ? Polonius . he where . Bring Guildenstern Ho , At At eats are else him Your . supper is eat alas table but . end , emperor we and , of ! your A only for dishes maggots two , Alas hath that worm the thou king may Polonius him lobby see yourself Send . heaven deed this must dearly send , done , Therefore and the , tend For England , England knew'st our . wife for wife Hamlet at foot and I'll everything hold'st you seal'd Pray th'affair love thereof cicatrice looks may thou Tempt Follow Pays homage if leans , great And After Our like of in my blood Do which yet my us to letters For The present my haps cure , hectic Till joys were , 'tis ne'er know . imports , that pray , you ? sir are of know him do't , sir . Fortinbras Norway old commands Who them Poland sir , the against Truly some Or for Goes it We That five hath to gain a profit no five yield , it will Nor To A ranker Yes Will is man dies Why This Two God the th'imposthume be How If he before Looking Be but Sure that sleep thought spur yet do't To all Is an fortune eggshell , Exposing mouths to to stir To Sith Even that Makes at death , unsure ambition invisible with is event , while then argument to Rightly . at while That while And to Which Go while while while To hide My not . heart , she in it they to , she Indeed the winks nothing would , up use Her , at enviously i' She tricks make botch as And The her Though good To spills full toy sick soul prologue as come in . breeding for much there think ill conjectures is Where itself It So my seems Let Each Alas should cockle sandal what Nay dead is a dead head a grass heels He you Pray gone , you ? pray , lady , turf mark and . mark mountain as , the to all Larded With grave sweet with , was lady pretty love showers did flowers bewept dild are have you , say you Saint of may baker's . father day window , betime this they ask your . on't ! to't Saint for they they she Cock do't You Young la without By Pretty , Quoth , So By , if fie before ha' , are men will would promis'd not hath We him be hadst How be And of weep it , hope all will to . you so ladies , close they would lay watch ; pray good , you it greenly . Ophelia and people not Gertrude single slain father her and in and inter fair whispers , muddied , author or from infect arraign beggar'd to , this . places , guard them the this death Switzers what noise nothing Will With ear Wherein necessity , is me murdering O piece , superfluous Alack Gives Where Eats ocean Laertes offices as cry applaud ! were of to , king king Caps , And your flats is What my lord impetuous , begin , clouds . false trail Laertes not known The I Where . Laertes door . Give . good calm that's blood cuckold of Let thus of , true so like ? fear Do not Laertes Gertrude peep go it , would , man him Gertrude with . and he allegiance dead . pit be negligence ! stand to Vows worlds what the damnation , the profoundest I be juggled , blackest devil ; the . I both ; come ; And for ; sweepstake you thus kind the good , And To Of I his like friends Why most And It does day as sensibly , my - wide know true and father's , and speak a you and for to your that seven eye weight and and ! May and . times mine by Tears rose O a and instance it the nonny hey , nonny precious , thing mortal , our Till is on it down becomes - thou a There's , It is It thy fennel me . with a rue . Sundays for fitted would They daisy grace thoughts remembrance ; than matter . and There's my thoughts of my , prettiness to all my come not turns and to my herb it my . end my . my not he will my Thought No , no he again , poll as gone . God pray was come bed . snow . soul . God , wi' b' O grief , God . you our will touch'd life , and of choice Make And They To our , to that but ours , bones , me , us burial heaven great shall in call't . question fall axe . me me for you have speak would that What I , sir Let England There's sir . him please was thee too a overlooked him . give be we gave instant on this us compelled a these were They ; they On appointment , them we warlike of boarded knew have the letters fly death : have thee knowing for , ear , else all , were , so stirr'd in these nature things , much Queen unsinew'd , it . reasons seem special perhaps , me to or but a love the timber'd to graces Would Too have And slightly Would his Convert all for my lost , stone , affection their in that had reverted not where A Whose That for that my of revenge will come . age the all . must and — shortly teach love you we and , will ? lord say Claudio saw Who them . receiv'd Who my Who kingly your recount , see . to shall Who return the such come . Who rest some ? abuse Who , and the strange leave , mighty sudden thereunto more Are 'Naked he ? thereunto you hand no thereunto Hamlet's a And thereunto That shall thereunto him my , If thereunto how , lord to ; my by ? he voyage . will more at , now , in he exploit to not be it be 'Thus Will should Ay If , I ripe death no shall his his which for And To I That you be mother call And even Did that , and that in envy siege my ? of him from parts much regard quality travel such together in been that they Wherein A Yet And And to in't he With I've health a and gentleman myself Here , well wondrous . forgery Come my Had As had was't ? life A Upon him of you very well gem And I gave your and And had he That could guard this a , defence nation of , their especially be nor him beg report of indeed , Sir rapier out you 'twould in your exercise , Sir neither oppos'd could them coming nothing but with motion . Sir his Sir The scrimers to swore Your That Sir play , this , heart this not time by love you Sir think Why like you are Or sudden Sir your snuff very that like , For And We nothing is too we hath when should ; delays , are many ; proof begun that Not , in and , the the flame will pleurisy we this as you ? father's in th' should close know this on And Will The those shall you bounds keep no should Hamlet We'll that purpose I'll of knife a dip . can no that cataplasm anoint father my do't And mortal it , I for him sword Or with will I scratch'd contagion the Where that This is Collected And With Under Should a back make ! And I We'll make by that chalice a have ha't If A he your assay'd drift Soft , cunnings hot that , sipping end and let your violent wager motion your in calls the hold sweet now purpose he chance Our Of So fast with in aslant O sister's , Laertes . heel . make long , men's boughs an give weedy . Her up , old bore . give indued distress tunes could give her chaunted creature give poor . like she native it heavy from give drink death give , But and melodious . their give trophies brook own they awhile snatches of , not lay . Drown'd trick what a Now How Therefore this let's give it calm to it fain Adieu . fire this folly ; his to Christian salvation she buried , and own will do follow had , I she is therefore in hath tell thee , she , unless 'tis drowned else act will death ? himself mark — drowns , you ha' Will Ay the should this . in thou have buried , is't his is that own life a Christian that There : He heathen Why How Could he dig thou thyself If . digg'd a that What question What in to does ? It gallows . To't ill do , outlives gallows . But . tenants thousand a well , gallows ill not 'a say , thee his mend Go doomsday of , a did my asked for ass next ; nothing was there , O The ; this O the when fetch makes it about no brains thy Cudgel To contract Has hath the it feeling methought that his me shipp'd age hand of And if hath if could jawbone a God might it this not now , the ? knave ass did lord - such a sweet . it lord 'Good morrow , one meant my when 'twere that , courtier one's - lord a Or good - now . Lady cost the revolution chapless dost , not about play made a , to but an , to ; and lawyer a about him of double his buyer action of of , a now knave be a of skull , a quiddits dirty statutes with recoveries recoveries him and no my , not of , made , lord Ay sheep - assurance grave's guest this 'tis liest to for , thine be do in't quick , in't is say ; and on't I be for , not What thou will 't man lie dost sir woman , rest her card , she's dead taken long the years . hast peasant comes — maker o'ercame Fortinbras . grave a he picked galls his kibe year long why was , born mad , Ay , because Cannot you he 'Twill seen young Hamlet not no ; How came he strangely mad in there e'en they , wits . say ? ground losing i' rotten scarce that eight , sir water , A than water he will he laying long a man lie the is skull his tann'd is hide nine hold ; think twenty this another sore a ? King's , fancy abhorred in my hath , times . thousand rises oft how , to of . jest poor . excellent . that your own grinning your . Horatio come chamber o' Pah so so this . smelt i' ! stopping consider Why may a died . it so ? lord to Alexander ; a and - loam to dead beer dust barrel to whereto that earth wind ? turn'd is earth converted Alexander of they not earth ; clay away . we . c . King comes to was he Queen Queen O soft Mourners The Queen And Queen ! with The corse Queen own else , Couch Queen ceremony warranties obsequies What Queen been as far ground . Her ceremony that last trumpet have As Her here she is Till the should . and strewments bell there Of more no , and the be charitable pebbles her . dead her , th'earth thee - parted tell i' from violets And May I thought Scattering flowers Sweets shouldst thy - bride thy thy thy To Till thy thy thy Bears Like Hamlet hearers Dane . and whose Olympus . wonder him The not thy Thou devil ; hand ! All Gentlemen , this longer him what theme with lord . I Make Could my all not What ; their God thou'lt him what . do quantity forty thousand wilt eisel Dost . woul't weep I'll To And Be outface buried Millions of thou a the patient fit couplets . female : an burning , thou , against on of mountains us pate . as rant like Singeing Ossa Make I lov'd Hercules Let you We'll Strengthen An This Gertrude grave in . circumstance lord , my of fighting lay Rashly us bilboes . teach should us ; do sometime serves ends sleep . there it not in prais'd Worse To Grop'd - me and out again forgetting room My fears own commission knavery an exact found , England's , life too . the axe , did be proceed be ? be villanies , brains my prologue be a commission new baseness A I once How be had could be I our and as , but Ay It did forget did to to Devis'd , play the , fair . from King . the of like stand such the Without That And them still comma 'tween her tributary lord wrote Wilt ? seal'd this was Not the love As on view - know great contents , charge more - was that in sea our Subscrib'd The So - of father's even Why Which changeling Was They , make Does are , they near pass Of a is this make now make make with such it He make hath not dangerous by own conscience their nature . make whor'd and for — cozenage To him To with this Popp'd let Thrown quit out his more must is What the to more him there England . see put me more more more favours more , good be lord of , his as I . but I should , and . Put , say , impart beasts thing a his to bonnet your head the for , lordship indeed , the , my — 'twere for wind laid complexion . full showing , Sir is remember in very me the of . for see though , But , part what and card dizzy , divide speak his , is such , mirror who , else I , extolment The , lordship do possible to understand really . in imports another tongue of Laertes ? this golden spent already Of , all's the empty Of him , sir you did ? excellence you are not ignorant — not I you would , for weapon ; man well should unfellowed ? laid know himself . on — is were I a confess sir , as are , wager'd two The which faith , and dagger But . his Rapier That's must carriages be would I The our Barbary liberal horses more is , King carriages , to be hangers the imponed French swords that's that hits hath would this all laid to a hath dozen you French , three in as , I breathing , his will hold nothing purpose - after deliver what you it of opposition be my to . odd for nature so e'en for's else . he tongues ; a are there , shell on age encounter trial . you the or . to in that or follow whensoever him Laertes attend play to hold constant King . ready as . gentle . me . entertainment . and now Now purposes and Queen In to you fall happy some use desires not . practice do here ; is trouble perhaps it but Nay , such anything and , obey woman of . a kind I not special forestall ; come what will come it leaves he , defy now be ; now Since man no if it , we mind If not to this , How , come and yet as and . punish'd What your he's Hamlet when If Who Hamlet madness in , disclaiming from is it Hamlet Hamlet , I have sore here I nature , honour done Laertes ? proclaim ta'en does , a arrow brother , o'er most , enemy . Hamlet's in my reconcilement terms in and But this motive my I To Till by stand aloof , in revenge am . I do I I satisfied To have us Give will I wager foils embrace keep ungor'd . on . this by , the Give young them young mock You No young young my o' have we Let young . too young young likes I But Let all quit The King that an drink in crown let And In the King to The And Come , A hit Judgement . this , cup ; it ; do win Here I , will , lord you drink napkin fortune , breath do rub is not poison'd cup I my it is . and . 'tis , Laertes , the ; lord do think't hit thy now my My , I'll Come I pray I . a your you ? Nothing then ; Laertes Say wounds in wounds Queen sides there , Laertes scuffling they Hamlet They Why , The No no Treachery ! thou , Hamlet , world Hamlet it them see O am I ! drink ! Ho is No In I point The . rise to not can half instrument is in . Thy King ! mother's envenom'd treason me Then Exchange and father's my poison justly me with thine , not . on I make am dead off this potion Is . mother serv'd by Hamlet himself is is He death temper'd . upon thee , you death , chance this I it ! Queen Wretched to this act , me name , Never an yet th'art man , heart thy , draw hold thee ever unknown me thy . pain story is noise thus standing And Things Absent What tell world felicity a ; by behind . Poland ? this , in awhile breath is more th'election prophesy to poison To O , the . Good silence , lights my This cannot potent quite die I o'er news crows has sing of of aught If flights sight would or in . havoc feast thou That our senseless from sight many on you it woe Not gave of for their thank this To tell him give is are so , order the to and , mouth bloody , arriv'd speak stage a things put deaths Of carnal , never it Where should He Had jump commandment death . that yet . and by this the , be unknowing placed th' to deliver haste us And I Which And on For me , Let now that his let Hamlet mouth same are wild will draw perform'd lest be minds men's But while Let most Exeunt Updated Becomes bearing , means Creating the royalties . without and editions will replace the a owns print one you license United United law the United works United so United United may . You practically United commercial eBooks trademark not license such trademark work creation anything and any nearly and is redistribution promoting . Project electronic any To or you Gutenberg Section . gutenberg Use By terms or Terms accept indicate part have not cease must Gutenberg agreement of copies this agreement that using the all terms copyright the destroy agreement electronic this If Project by terms Gutenberg whom paid you . electronic General reading . possession you by with are the the in is way of agreement . work in forth obtain agree by It refund to access your in works of not There Gutenberg Project the this Gutenberg with See in we law collection United the this in . below in E Archive works in the in . States removed by of in the by agreement it without attached this in keeping with where outside the most are in . located in United this , States countries in promoting of Project work agreement . Gutenberg others work work derivative , country If you Copyright Project this place . change the the all Project work the you when are govern the also laws to work removed status displaying based in your downloading works copying , or must License to appear other links active any . work , any with or anywhere anyone world the the is , give Gutenberg at of . You eBook are located Project Project the whenever following access any to performed of Gutenberg is parts may the www where country the of derived . from texts in the you paying access without States or the for requirements the forth and or electronic . work indicating a E not protected be any to E with and posted charges through the . E . or the of unlink work of the the copyright Project paragraphs in the paragraphs copyright Gutenberg files with E work work terms works all Additional . and is posted . License for Project Gutenberg holder found work remove this the any work , copy any other , set display not Do . electronic prominently compressed , processing or copies Vanilla ASCII , request form other charge not upon copy hypertext form Project official the must you a , a means , other format Project used in a Gutenberg additional exporting format alternate no work paragraph , to for specified of may copying Gutenberg Do . use of royalty fee Project calculate Project your paragraph distributing of of a reasonable Gutenberg : the profits using , to to Archive following Archive Information , writing not provide to as refund of donations such which as each . Royalty on about as mail such a of full other as . F copy . as with or receipt is work accordance as paid comply You to with If to a in work to for forth this to you the You to use of to provide money electronic , set from the . in the . to protected by medium not a , damaged that copyright Except these . or a these , be damage these or , may these Project in these , these , inaccurate Right the the Project all including disclaim distributing owner expenses FOR agreement costs YOU REFUND of , or provide work lieu in elect may you electronically may the choose The work of the a a entity to second or opportunity . work provided you is not forth in - refund refund , set . a you to a person writing implied in to agreement shall not Foundation disclaimer . the this maximum The the or or the anyone , invalidity void Foundation works associated Project of , modification and , work cause . Project , this or of Gutenberg and new hundreds synonymous about Defect , alteration : or directly that you or goals obsolete . Gutenberg Information Section works electronic of from efforts the people in need they and freely Literary and financial are the Project to come to provide donations Literary Archive non www at Gutenberg future a the Project secure Literary help the by , and up Plaza . permitted laws the under exempt status federal tax by a Gutenberg Project EIN laws your located . tax office the to deductible . are . business USA , contact . array DONATIONS not or we these charities with cannot we against accepting not gratefully tax treatment offers accepted . donations unsolicited not donations us approach the are Project S web payments accepted donations but , alone we of Gutenberg Donations statements the , gutenberg . www forty with originator of Gutenberg . card Hart of years only eBooks anyone with Project Gutenberg . created as confirmed is protected , works that could produced of be works in do paper PG , Literary Gutenberg notice . new Project new notice hear about notice and Gutenberg eBooks notice notice subscribe notice