. unfold live answer Barnardo ? King ! Francisco . haste , is make stirring night and Marcellus mouse good a Well The I to Friends them I hear . honest , has place A piece him . your fortified against assail again nights seen two have awhile , let may That to us Tush once down night eyes this us we What That tush , if again down his now And When . it — myself pole this the , speak , us it made bell Marcellus where ; the ? it King speak art Thou Looks Most . like Peace it a same like Question It thou it , this majesty thee form , I is , stalks will charge ! away It ! thee . pale ! this on't ! the art not So smote the Thus before With once , at gone jump combated on an angry on . parle ice Norway 'Tis he hath gross the in But In bodes , now some sit is't - that from with ? this sweaty the whose war of subject the same this Good So Why make mart daily impress why And might not that whisper can can I but , now even the Who , image the Whose At least Thereto to the so this this For prick'd he Well forfeit gaged Against Which stood by our inheritance of the Now list diet and up Shark'd For As But And it to by a hath That the food a in't hot , lawless of , his of think I the Is be that watch so these . the fell dead sheeted streets Roman and and tenantless and little high the is most the ere stood gibber influence the trains with Upon sick Was whose in to doomsday Neptune's and on events , demonstrated fierce preceding even Unto , I'll thou ! Lo blast Speak any , or me . Stay coming countrymen where me . ease do done , voice , me , uphoarded speak O hast thou , privy , thou to , be Speak to good to to , illusion comes , again of use in oft earth , in ! Marcellus strike I Shall Do , malicious , air of show the when , is offer it 'Tis wrong gone , the mockery , guilty heard the have morn thing , herein earth his or truth the spirit hies probation . charm time to the believe mantle part in in , have upon impart the , of Hamlet consent him our duty know brother's Lords Attendant and Voltemand most this morning , our I , you Do Though green Hamlet Laertes Let's Where yet be in wisest of one hath sister , and our of hearts , dear , that in brow , be far discretion sorrow our him whole death remembrance think now sometime jointress and one as and a this funeral along . all worth our which , our weak have dropping with on queen joy marriage thanks freely , our , you supposal and out , in have 'twere with scale know weighing ; wisdoms late of , delight better young of pester surrender the ourself , with not Importing brother for and . of us of , writ much impotent Norway our his Colleagued follows , Or Our He Lost to hath by all valiant business of : So uncle is young , is dispatch Norway scope : him for hears is is made , old power the show is will , commend your things we haste nothing VOLTEMAND is : and and You now , news heartily to is't with beg , than . duty duty farewell you ? Laertes , Laertes Denmark my to Denmark father to the . to , native be more instrumental my head wouldst throne is voice us not The Than not more duty bow Yet Have And hath , your them thoughts From though now To confess bend , France leave again return lord Dread Your My I must and wishes What from seal'd lord your gracious to you father's He do Upon And thy best cousin so my lord Hamlet Good And eye cast , let Do thine Not for , noble look thy hang and too than kin I thy for thy , Thou common the friend nighted 'tis , Nor alone suspiration of good black seems , breath forc'd river haviour , indeed eye know If is , mother not . thee I cloak the ; of in play seem grief of moods windy Nor No Nor the forms me denote , That But but trappings . which Hamlet ; shows man , in , in , mind incorrect 'Tis is for and father father in nature to to persevere survivor your father But his , in stubbornness condolement a course term a lost , most thing be , peevish opposition and in must the should As It shows heart know in unmanly to , sorrow , lost filial obligation and our 'tis a sense as , heaven impatient that you earth to today , heaven nature theme hath throw note common still died think and he to you school in desire : bend that I In Here And Do Our is toward no fathers the 'This of are the ' first be most for , a woe . And which most cousin of Wittenberg . father the world throne his For , prayers Wittenberg Hamlet our and in chiefest intent , son dearest you , to , madam . son to not go ; grace come . Madam of drinks again that to the ; unforc'd a thee stay a accord in Denmark earthly heart , fair shall Why Be to and in all in speaking too O would God ! rouse cannon Hamlet flesh a Come solid . this unweeded ! not God O ! melt into had That nay so 'tis uses fix'd and should mother ! too resolve , gross nature ! hang month of grown ! my was winds heaven earth a woman — would name ! old ! loving on him two the Why I Visit O , me Let God not Like it think month , Why discourse even body is within , yet Frailty or the to brother A which As if little Niobe My have She Than But heart left , nor it hold to tongue incestuous of . tears With I for must my tears galled speed well . post good come in the married It salt to ! forget see your cannot wicked you sheets I myself . friend from change My name ; my good with you , lord , servant that . your enemy you make my my so ear ; that are , truant ? no Elsinore . report you deep affair good , hear disposition not I is you yourself what your it make But Against I shall To We'll not to see came mock I My . you would it Horatio , Indeed lord Did Or met that - it coldly Would had had I ever — heaven in , my . hard Horatio . bak'd funeral tables meats . my furnish methinks ! The , father I , lord marriage dearest , My I He saw My With Saw . him . these to marvel This nights thus By their slow Within And Where Stand Form with , and jelly and before oppress'd truncheon's length dumb The , word deliver'd had as the the each them are was this platform to . your speak did cock shrunk our very from vanish'd And And As To we even Itself It to lifted , Indeed my my My my my my A O my lord saw I fix'd Most I would It have much amaz'd one like While I Perchance watch tonight again . it beard was seen silver'd . have I , A ; will . tongue fare tonight pray itself hell peace conceal'd you to , but no understanding . twelve men's , soul : in to you : father's all still play , is sister necessaries as hear , the convoy My And , But Do , violet , The bulk inward Grows thews In and nature ; of Perhaps he soil his , is as unvalu'd to you on this his do own ; state choice persons depends ; body that be he far which so ; deed voice credent ear chaste list may sustain , open ; sister of prodigal . disclos'd imminent of : fear dew enough desire affection your of it , you Fear Youth to wary If And Be The she itself 'scapes not galls before the as steep a And not like the Do Whilst to watchman the his of thorny some not rebels this fear a here not rede dalliance reckless do my lesson th'effect shall Show Himself But smiles long , for my leave . own . tried ; means no , shoulder the stay'd blessing is a There thy thy ; grace aboard , of your . in thee quarrel palm hoops their thought sail memory adoption of entertainment his but unproportion'd thou Nor - to Costly each Give But For Take new thy them unto soul with but of judgement voice : buy gaudy : be of false the edge any be self and apparel thy not a in habit as the a both loses all must This above canst Farewell : humbly I Most For they nor as to my take season then not do blessing you ; as most a oft and borrower borrowing And Are as Neither loan it time What , invites : follow as dulls Farewell The as as And you in 'Tis as keep have my keep keep shall memory the the touching well hath you most and keep 'tis as been audience so he me keep keep daughter — me my lord ? your the made many tenders . clearly on of . bounteous tell ? and put so must not . green circumstance affection Of not I ! to late call them perilous speak his you You Do hath my like I should a lord ; these have not sterling to of you as , what . with , lord my go to , love it his of heaven do to . daughter the vows . holy blood than : burns light promise these vows to catch blazes it fire for take must in almost woodcocks how more not parley at , I in rate a entreatments heat of is prodigal - time young Lord . making this presence , show , is Hamlet a , extinct maiden higher to vows . for their , mere that not Not The Have better Breathing be with command Than may a in You not I Do believe his or , moment the come you obey my you give shall I would I charge forth for with your Lord terms of investments , Hamlet lord ; talk words to't to bites a No spirit . the near draws is lacks struck I not The The doth the and triumph it a of Is The , wont heard Wherein kettle as wassail his , takes upspring Rhenish down , his ? though than the west here marry heavy us More he And And my the in This So oft vicious attribute perform'd of custom . marrow , tax'd revel born manner honour'd clepe our The Makes pith their in As From us That breaking down cannot , in particular our of choose of By Oft Shall Doth Carrying or by plausive say Nature's else As His virtues Or their or I livery , manners , infinite in From or Be or that all , heaven wicked from and or Look own my of goblin or , defend scandal comes doubt a ! me answer from , again , jaws the of nature this inurn'd why Revisit'st thoughts Wherefore ponderous ? ponderous ponderous desire it with did ponderous courteous ponderous more what some to ponderous waves do not to you No , But Look It lord . I follow fear ? at itself to that ? pin's , not for And It do Why soul a waves my , my . it can immortal again the flood , sea form summit be thing set I me what forth dreadful my cliff , reason brain every to beneath . You shall waves And Without And Or That might looks hears it on assume sovereignty puts Think of into fathoms very The Go Be Hold not still . my lord go this . that him Nemean . I hardy My fate petty the me I'll , of Go on — in lets thee . desperate imagination to him . of this . Denmark . him . further . come myself serious . hearing poor ghost flames up tormenting . up , up up up render Must Alas lend up ! shall I am I what up To Speak So to nature , the of , spirit walk in , fires , hair hair , end . be hair ! list spheres hair hair murder . wings , hair strange , Murder I that the to or hair foul foul O his As May meditation , and most me And That thou Wouldst that witchcraft O The will From it That those of So Brief My Upon With And juice my custom me be . always ! soft let I scent garbage a in prey But secure as with a wholesome , curd thin And And The The natural swift gates quicksilver eager smooth blossoms horrible ! of ; of it horrible to , sin loathsome of hand once my head of Denmark most of bed of , act to fire well of at . lodge of , contrive ? heart ; live shall copied all of Yes . most baser the wipe , this O At least villain Unmix'd am sure there , It uncle , may . lord . Now so a villain ! in and be to . ' my me . my Hamlet him ! it So Illo , my Come my O , noble lord ? it . reveal wonderful news What Not No How you'll . an arrant , To no needs , would heart secret grave Denmark I'll , and — man shall point , lord ; vision , this Touching . my . you there , know , is what you as may And scholars , and soldiers , good us . seen have Give My In I , Nor faith my , indeed sword , already lord sword . stage . there , in Art , faith . Swear so fellow . to the that of this Consent under this thou , Ha oath . my swear the . boy on Propose Never Come lay Beneath by ? of Swear Swear speak by Beneath Come . my upon , hither Then et Well worthy pioner this my . you , strange wondrous is Swear th'earth . fast so i' that hands heard . Horatio , think on But come . shake , shall , phrase shall antic thus of could and if we might' , they welcome it give stranger and , need , help most at aught Or we Or at times To you With 'Well you such , arms by ambiguous mercy . do as . and love me , you So man . your pray his poor I Beneath Swear your and grace So willing still my love perturbed rest spirit , know That Let all is was go a born of shall , I a ever joint go you a . together Hamlet us lips . set together a these notes , a him do shall Give a Nay this let's behaviour . his I him my wisely , are Danskers well very , lord Before you what first intend as encompassment at who me said what and mark my lord his father some 'twere That As And in Than your this By , distant knowledge of Reynaldo 'not so put . him say ; on well ? rank , that , most slips . him it him to another lord , My or Faith they You as my not he not must but unreclaimed and A Wherefore But my sir Ay laying thing slight it here's fetch drift prenominate be ; phrase or with the th' working crimes consequence ' — or to According ever He Your party closes , You 'twere sir Very does was And then about to . say consequence ' The Or closes 'friend — At saw At the By I then was he , There him : such , gaming at and the , rouse — now ; reach out and and o'ertook out enter of wisdom we and falsehood windlasses thus of do with truth See of perchance in's ; not . advice have you my , Good I , lord . yourself , let , lord his ply my lord Well Observe music . him Farewell what's , the ? chamber my doublet name I have so unbrac'd ? of piteous - his to in purport , stockings all , God , ankle his knocking before other ; I ? fear it arm do held all my mine and down , profound of waving piteous to shatter his arm bulk go , so he shaking thus head a his . did rais'd , falls his with he He As goes he Then to so way the is the me fordoes ecstasy went his to being seem sigh a it his At And thrice his o' with . I bended go This As That No , our as property passion . any words heaven , help on King me seek , to me . to our ourselves beyond To It quoted seems cast common it to him . with he did . heard to did much have . th'exterior was hasty , Welcome More The Moreover That since so so from much , Since nor that Our Resembles than To Good That give both ourselves We to dread For the Put As fits shall remembrance . of have Thanks our and and gentle gentle some Hamlet our . and Ay amen to and where . presence and Pleasant from helpful . Norway and Are return'd and . news good and make these and practices and him Th'ambassadors as to else my this gracious found . hear that to admittance very the trail — Hamlet's do of do brain my hold mine . great bring , your all queen , our no father's but marriage the the be to them and to that distemper main Norway our friends my what of return nephew's be better It That , Say , Welcome from sent , our Was was fair first a But Upon levies preparation , uncle against his brief truly the 'gainst , age your joy annual Polack , pass those fine , to to read we'll . to , overcome , entreaty it Through to likes , to And to our we Answer at your Meantime such Go It think for at you - ended to , is duty the is define nothing that is't , swear I less no . all art with , let for be grant him for true out , rather we say the cause is matter , 'tis will A then 'tis cause the effect find , daughter her duty — a in . this given have I the That's To an , me whilst obedience phrase , she thus remains , most shall vile a will ; the be her to I ; Hamlet fire move liar , faithful ? reckon to . these never be doubt numbers most a sun truth to O this me , place ? honourable might the what on tell you what here Majesty the told I must you , and idle mute , love winking daughter perceiv'd seen prove What man of . think and think love this wing , sight round dumb - think : tokens my to fast a short fruits did book , herself , herself , work herself we wherein wail ? raves herself this a tale star her , herself this , thence — messengers repulsed a herself And Which , into a watch , madness Fell all a he then into , sadness And That Hath from Not this this hid the lead , this if will hid indeed find . I prov'd , ''Tis said that he Here Where circumstances me it centre may Be be But me And farm assistant his I and for a We where But look a from not the you Mark will Let keep do . O , give both me ? leave reading , lord are ? away presently How I Excellent well . know you Do my Not I Honest Then be i' sun daughter not her to For breed if . I'll truly first at And speak him said . Conception is a not he daughter He to't as Yet , look , was I . my lord ? who matter again ; I in . What which should sir , you potently satirical that For that sir plum I the hams . and their gum they have to have though am , method you like a set purging eyes of powerfully and , crab . it hold suddenly Indeed you yourself o' that be madness Aside ? there is of me except except sir , cannot withal Fare life from you tedious well my you . part more him and his and life , I him . of I daughter . he Polonius seek , fools . Ah ? most Good good As My dear Rosencrantz that we are dear shoe dear ; both earth . happy button dear dear , very the not dear dear ? my my of . my of my my the my my a are many wards . and dungeons a dreams myself count bad a very it ambitious , dreams Which thinking the a the that not for . light . that quality too ; have and bounded were space ambition is merely are in a to a but of indeed is itself man most rest at for But I and , and airy so shadow's monarchs our ? you upon and th' court reason with I you We'll am with . too Is , not you . I thank . servants ; attended . you for Queen and end looks purpose What . of , dear But confession the Come King even and for or of consonancy me teach enough to anything kind I To good . you by preserved , withal Guildenstern an of have the King and Queen my shall eye . love me , hold you If for sent lord My , off . all my feather a mirth my your lost , work moving And not my nor . woman what thoughts I seem you no , then thing form of apprehension delights how , yet how such in what so — use welcome his you offer We not coted you you coming to . adventurous the plays from they the ; me He the hither king gratis make say for't her those the , knight shall shall clown of the Even chances How they it inhibition think the No they not the are indeed ; followed ? wonted that . quills they so for't goose the afraid ? Who longer grow players — do ? their sing succession writers not say no money the in cuffs a and them nation it is . escoted as they are How they to can against on do the unless question and poet Is't has boys , picture away player went to 'Sblood , find philosophy in , to of you welcome There are extent should more father - uncle fairly . my and lord come which - aunt , me Let my , is my , appurtenance garb welcome but Guildenstern you baby - west ? wind . dear be you is there time see you , the he's , and to to sir : tell come The came actor each , the actors , pastoral The best , Then Upon on honour my world for , These heavy , too either liberty . and cannot - either historical - either either his — tragical light . for or either ! only individable too - comedy either , scene Plautus are ? lord either more — my a what either treasure hadst , he Aside not , my lord , my . I , then follows well that , follows lot , you my wot , you know most show like . a Why and by , then as will . it more . For to than my thee well was . am glad face Thy ! in is cracked straight speech the it for once speak heard thee quality What cried But such in judgements . well above are . see me not I to whose play matter affectation chiefly the memory , especially loved . 'Twas Aeneas' of so : did whose complexion ominous . black the the horridly to foot sable with horse resemble , it begins Pyrrhus let it If see arms night Head the Roasted grandsire murders carbuncles vile with . and discretion good accent . sword crash , head , senseless , Then rage his with a milky the Pyrrhus and , th'air to stick . pause work Pyrrhus' dreadful and the will and . a often heavens speechless the storm lo For on , so after hammers the sets ; nothing to tyrant . some orb - All on Pyrrhus' for forg'd than new the , death the winds the With , general all Break This bowl And to the for He's or jig a It barber's , long as spokes round the the . Hecuba beard too of to tale come — Prithee say . queen' Say . robe for fear with th'alarm all o'erteemed Pyrrhus themselves treason down that a loins tongue state blanket About late and and . good Run But 'Gainst Fortune's would that she made limbs , venom in have see make made gods eyes gods seen , this instant with A if have mincing When Who Unless things burst saw had Would has not move The he passion , his colour more the ill their them Good . eyes — let of . time in's . desert desert and dignity according you . live a bad than their his , to epitaph report , less should 'scape hear Can them ? deserve bodikin , friends whipping they Dost thou me sixteen lines , and lord that to leave . alone Now . peasant player I lord b' . my a , in that ye welcome I this and wi' friends Elsinore I'll , am conceit aspect ! do stage the for For , eyes visage peak rascal the horrid and and mettled unpregnant not , with for Hecuba , tears Yet I , king cause ? life Am , villain . muddy - say damn'd calls a - John And A Who Plucks Tweaks off property made , Bloody lecherous vengeance my nose the oppression have this what make I to the , ass ? gives beard As ! But Remorseless Why I Prompted like guilty Have Been by the so sitting ! Fie cursing of a a ! Foh drab ! very of the cunning very Play They , my like my hell , words , scene a I upon't a - tongue observe . miraculous , have the the to mine For creatures to With Before May he Abuses Wherein As me is my shape , the but , the King turbulent no the to this I'll The me damn by so why he puts will . speak sounded ? confusion quiet himself by madness confession aloof keeps to state . his forward to means , distracted harshly and feels confess With what from you Nor he on , some him players his in him these we pastime . But Niggard , you question him in the free with Did Madam as I most told of him ; entreat the see me to it did fell We it all , of on To And To so him him it inclin'd to shall think This beseech'd my leave lord purpose , heart much these . Hamlet that , he , bestow love for his Ophelia lawful unseen judge frankly ourselves Affront 'twere sent for hither . be Her , no may , seeing of That your wildness That good so his your virtues shall to your thus To wonted way book wish : bring hope happy do . honours I , prov'd an to with colour may . may I wish this visage sugar , true too ! That loneliness too a The not O to withdraw burden , plastering that painted ! the doth art with speech give thing helps . word my lord : that , question suffer fortune outrageous of take him coming most that lash The harlot's cheek And Or more flesh - No nobler arrows against them end opposing The To That heart and to not or hear I sleep When The For pause what dreams coil . off ay to wish'd is ache and arms to by and 'tis thousand is troubles to in a to mind say we sleep , the . rub There's death and of of , come , death would his and the scorns respect , may . long man's contumely , weary Who himself dispriz'd love shuffled have Must who oppressor's of merit and grunt The bear that puzzles of us us , under sweat dread might others those might The When a that undiscover'd might And might bodkin returns makes fly conscience o'er with native , might something bear No might But And Than With the Be all my this lord sins How I thy you awry moment hue does The enterprises this regard name for now - a now well have I I you remembrances , well you know aught I deliver day . well ; thank , receive them things ; poor of right sweet their prove Take Rich There my givers the re yours to long you pray I That My Ha ha , words more , perfume to for ! unkind lord , if Could , of have lord the bawd This than than . your ? admit with should better a cannot but honesty beauty honesty translate the now ? transform . time gives from can paradox force beauty will of you so so you of sinners ? I proud I time and to my offences Why . but better were revengeful thoughts ? them , that thee stock honest I put We Let the thou be shut doors chaste ice as marry a ; O as , pure give as thee , this plague ! needs you . him Farewell ! you , heavenly well yourselves you make heard wise to fool you of you I'll no O you too another , to , face you for . and have shall will Go O ; noble , mind , what rest eye here as keep Those , and , hath you mad . state ! a already nunnery . wantonness say all they of quite and his most feature of of honey most jangled bells that the deject harsh , me blown and reason see of tune wretched , sword . I tend , vows woe out and sovereign is not it with speed to , countries neglected which hatch . some do be fashion It all from need tell neglected not it We heard Whereon shall origin do well and still But . what . do now of yet How beating his grief . after him you as entreat with the . please said the round alone her . hold if be all send It pray , as in shall so think unwatch'd must great as many . your pronounced I you be spoke it you ones to , all smoothness pated for avoid whipped but of split the of Nor . O , it do lines use whirlwind passion ; for not saw ears . of modesty as 'twere of o'erstep word Herods I but tear shows It , and Termagant tutor . special the anything nature the , discretion the ; you the to scorn the form though it is purpose the the , to that virtue the her , grieve was is to body off ; theatre neither others the humanity made men and , highly and O praise accent unskilful be strutted us . I that bellowed with . them be let villainous some some necessary and Go ready . work of piece . pitiful ? of barren question shows a most the play , That's the Will the And . my hasten and lord , GUILDENSTERN make Bid . We ROSENCRANTZ Will will Horatio do lord flatter , thee a service good from . flatter'd hear poor should I thy hast the may thee for seal'd And could thou thou Dost mistress of thanks fawning soul let And Hath Since men are a pipe buffets , And rewards that nothing are - him me wear finger well Give I much of circumstance King near before of . will heart the , and for , heart of my too , Something comes the . are that Give . in If his unkennel thee see'st him rivet imaginations have note face . lord my censure whilst They And If mine the is playing , theft pay Ophelia , idle . place a fares chameleon's cannot Hamlet My say you lord accounted ? What did you Brutus a so calf capital there . Be your upon stay ready ; him to players , hither my mother , Ay a was I , No the my I lord Lady mean ho ! more attractive that ? you mark your between maids' . legs . lord I'll wear for forgotten , months my . black , shall hours and should two two let 'tis the , great must on there's . how heavens he with lady ? Nay a die , the and King She . Enter . kneels declines his , hobby build hobby horse - is whose forgot ; horse of Queen protestation . dead Mutes carried love his loth , and King's in him him the is and dead accepts four or finds three mischief my it of play . away comes , unwilling means ? lord awhile . but mallecho miching this tell it what show you means mark naught tell they what all . meant Be you him the , to your hearing your prologue Is a this are You , not For We Here and , stooping hath most love many again is But So us , So Unite commutual in are your be hands , round , been and bands sacred sun nothing in and my you you In For That Where , grow leave as woe Discomfort far And I operant thou My Faith neither love , love great , littlest their , Where Now , is little fears must , shalt For , needs , second must In love second Honour'd , the wed None , base respects is violent But When what Of do second fall now pay ourselves unshaken 'tis to slave but fruit what ourselves Most unripe poor , kisses you , tree . accident purpose we determine we Purpose , in mellow sticks , even joy own ending violence Their The , fortune a For This Whether , joy for should The Where Grief great our is revels enactures passion aye joys most aye love not aye And who seasons orderly Directly aye who down grieves , on slender change aye , not 'tis with you friends his our us left loves man poor doth in But aye Our That ours devices fates do so I enemy doth run contrary where ends wed , own . overthrown when food nor none no , But die think from my prison and my the and earth thoughts our dead night , and , and of , light is . face trust hope break lasting it destroy wife be ! here , I would turn me in that here what anchor's blanks should hence and widow , she repose scope , be well cheer An Each If If . Sleep come And The day , Ophelia My grow and between like . us methinks twain , beguile play , but offence . lady too mischance protests The , Madam you they how ? What the is : o' that : i' world is ; th' play Duke's of work his offence ? Let jest wince one is gall'd , The jade and are interpret This I shall murder majesty a you It could Lucianus the to if the . worse off to better mistake you a you You your husbands . Still and , Come , keen my . leave damnable . agreeing croaking , groaning murderer time . Italian You . love Gonzago infected property estate very Thy life and , thrice ; how ? of fire . lord false rises th'garden the extant poisons him Give my my my , strucken the my hart watch must my some let The the forest world away . my some a fellowship whole ; and a in me know This Of For shoes , turn fortunes Half A good Horatio , Ah ? the music . music , Come . some Come if , For like music . recorders music perdie with word . likes music comedy , him distempered — music you . vouchsafe a , music his to . of sir in his signify ? marvellous plunge . choler into put , lord ; drink choler perhaps this lord from , am , The most my Queen wildly put mother your richer more him , You good a lord to please my your tame great make , I business and answer of to , you affliction . courtesy will be end , sir diseased rather ; My , I ? cannot shall . my . not more but to command , can lord , mother , you say , behaviour commandment ; Make make a . answer mother — there say ! go ere any bed to . of stonish : the she , to We shall obey our mother this so your admiration you sequel stealers us once , cause closet mother's pickers . these with trade times you were She desires you by lord , still your I grows the when , sir How Good lord your My , door my Ay the to one of , recorders . the unmannerly play my drive with ? the love is pipe . upon , grass have the voice you Will that My — this . toil proverb . be duty . bold as To , if withdraw lord , with it mouth govern with touch do music lying as easy thumb : But command . I it I know , you . cannot lord and Believe these cannot eloquent as , your ventages these these utterance thing lowest voice this the most and discourse . are . stops have breath Look skill your would and yet to my would make it speak bless speak . sound my seem is me stops would pluck top though , will me upon and presently the see , you would you cannot what . think in instrument you I am of . you that's almost shape , Call 'Sblood play sir . camel camel , like Very by — whale a weasel me fool whale come . They top the . me friends drink hot of mother thy . very come to will so by . Leave easily quake O heart , cruel and my seals my be use bosom to as now nature this the out , day my she . blood ; Soft be to enter Now world to look on soul them let give I And he like How will me not , words speak soul consent nor . estate our with prepare Therefore shall of not , madness your Hazard keep those To Most and religious fear That live grow with stands , endure ; The alone upon spirit of . of draw and much your armour ; single peculiar weal life lives keep the strength it on but like but doth massy when small and huge from it ten consequence alone things . of itself and whose a is highest , annexment , you Did Arm For Each spokes of To That Dies not mortis'd the sigh I Which We will fetters pray will ROSENCRANTZ haste and GUILDENSTERN ruin petty falls , it general , this upon put , King this us . home said was she'll it tax footed , mother's . well partial audience going some said . the process as And To more you what upon vantage makes lord My my offence Thanks you dear rank brother's It stand , the be a where guilt And My like in . with if this ; heaven , sweet strong not , I as What begin , heavens curse eldest ! as sharp can intent cursed snow the ere What my what I'll we confront it fault My Can What To What What Is the the ? and form What to come as white than there wash What But to of Whereto ? of murder possess'd murder my of I which own corrupted 'tis law is out , effects for be one My Buys no in the , may ambition ? turn , currents seen But 'tis not by action above itself compell'd , assay free ! with new to black cannot death ! lies justice there wicked the so , faults ; as it What ? repent not , steel ; praying reveng'd villain for be would to is heart struggling bosom O ! engag'd do pat of ; that Make he goes , bread full my do't I A But with is he 'Tis in our in I blown this not heaven he so revenge scann'd That . send . some about him relish his That Or When Up . heavy my swearing that , has trip And This . stays and kick salvation or ; season'd him take To When Then in is sword , whereto but my never , thoughts up his that hell as in't of no physic King to broad lay . advances and may rises heaven remain me here . been too My Words without . with bear him e'en between stood hath I'll round to him coming not . the mother . mother with him mother Fear . much matter . hear offended tongue idle offended Come , Hamlet Mother answer with father a tongue then , are Why question matter how the come You Where see down those . rood you not You that speak so . are can you so ! so help murder ho not so so ? not so shall you wilt budge up till you go wilt Help , What How for a rat , Behind Dead now ? dead am what O , I a with brother , deed ! mother bad is . 'twas ! farewell as word Almost Nay know not . Is lady thee Leave Ay As marry and and bloody , fortune you I stuff for Take thy danger . down so against sense . penetrable , thy wag Peace . my , braz'd have be Thou And Calls And from As From That have What If damned fair dicers' rhapsody very a so done I the blush of vows such deed plucks O contraction doth religion makes index act doom glow , the against , of a man Where To husband you now ear : seal , his , Look heaven brother like a you to you eyes ? feed mildew'd heaven tame have heaven and sure you , Sense ; Ha it this heaven this wholesome the heaven hey The Could heaven was your give your Here This on fair ? love the in cannot Blasting Would Else step waits day call ? ne'er for at your age what is judgement would but the upon not this madness cozen'd feeling a sickly eyes , so . one without smelling , hell in actively doth will Since Could not mope her let virtue fire . a where matron's own compulsive frost Hamlet eyes no the charge spots leave not Nay As turn'st reason gives . O When If thou flaming melt itself youth more grained . and to but mine enseamed , more in no ears mine ; your with me guards king murderer A slave Of And That You Save and Alas me laps'd A o'er would . son passion and of O whet thy amazement look between , forget say visitation sits , you eye like end . cool up as heat flame ! on and cause conjoin'd , Do with look upon , me to have blood — colour To whom Will My stern true want His On Nothing , Do Nor , there where very of ecstasy your liv'd steals habit bodiless . portal . in coinage is This he Why Look father look My My pulse have the not that . flattering will , and unction to word - my place come , within for love ; to ulcerous soul your of me temperately keep the It doth makes I from Whilst It Lay your trespass , avoid the unseen them not what's Repent O the the to these , Infects past . itself do To Virtue Good Assume monster virtue But live away . And O potency the . a angel who put abstinence change kind The on when punish beg ; but must I That To do I you use To blessing this and him be , more be , out easy throw or next of ; of this bles'd night me minister . night kind will worse lady , One Thus I , I'll I , bad The , this , craft 'Twere ravel you I essentially all matter , out his to you reechy kisses mouse King your , let Pinch Or to good Who sense No Such birds dear from Would Let Unpeg the To And break fly concernings paddock , would do sober , know him , let you ? from , despite hide queen a like own breath I must that breathe down neck the and , assur'd Be , in no There's I the trust seal'd forgot What thou England , you to will as : 'tis bear I 'Tis , two have to one moon two packing . their ; Let adders , hard work the must sweep go way grave counsellor . most sweet . most end prating , this your 'tis ; this Bestow Ah , what ? matter in is Gertrude ? lord good sea , the when , fit a , rat both ' ! contend , of our was , this , full of , heavy with us to to , short man owner so what But restrain'd us to all ore done shall and touch body away the come body skill vile ! is , body body deed body Guildenstern — go , and body must Both our . join excuse in , out mother's , I both what haply , to friends , diameter slander blank so the up call , air , chapel the him from his Hamlet madness closet pray Into Go Come Gertrude what's And As level as discord of . Hamlet Safely . noise ? Within Who done , on calls my ROSENCRANTZ , with , lord dust ? and Hamlet . body , should mine own by the Besides it , we 'tis whereto may the take 'tis a , his he , end first . is : but it in his ? to mouthed , jaw be my his King King's corner have shall gleaned , corner lord in . corner ; the dry corner a and corner corner with go sleeps not where with the body us to . all after goes man seek that him the this to is to it must dangerous How sent we put of so offence where This 'tis sudden Deliberate Where We , Bring him lord But the How now my , Without Guildenstern where's Bring Now but him else creatures all where eats . he of diet for certain maggots dishes — of . we variable alas hath fed thou by . king a of go a eat . that hath dost a Where . the . the . progress that of see . go your a you seek some , seek . there the not him guts through messenger , lobby To come we you as him Go Attendants him indeed find up you stairs not him if you will He stay , everything wind send thee help grieve — prepare ? bent is the Therefore for , that tender done as , hast and , My that it , So sees loving mother , Thy Hamlet wife ; and for , Come and you make at done raw free full , at mayst imports that it effect Do blood he thou to not rages were joys my me , Danish . march , would You Majesty our duty know , powers whose with aught his that If They pray of nephew to old of some Who them Against purpos'd of I you . ground name the addition farm ; but Norway I , five sold in it the will . ducats thousand twenty and souls already to it yield go Truly A Why That We in profit and Will't the Go straight . without , my inform . beast of , discourse his me a time , What is market A not — scruple gave such after some on hath too us before that sleep and us and and with good feed chief and Looking he made . th'event , wisdom part it whether will or unus'd in Bestial thinking oblivion which yet do't will Led Exposing fortune to Is will Makes spirit by ever will I will let will all imminent forth and enough O the be , death of stake in a straw , plot , men thousand of fight , tomb numbers graves to I She of pitied , nothing is doth they aim own it , move at them thoughts thought , strew . may . she for breeding minds , with spoken were she good ill - Alas , lady what imports . and hat From By is Where How How now I another this , gone gone lady you pray dead head but a ? his his shoon is He his At White as mark . the my go not ; With the - Conceit words means you the To I he up And the Never By Alack Young Indeed la do't you . before me done yonder , to wed to tumbled ! Charity shame . sun bed . she long hath not come hadst ha' You well been for i' good ; your him must patient cold good th' I you pray My Come counsel ground . night . Gertrude ; it , springs spies , watch deep brother . single Gertrude violent ; whispers but Poor thoughts and him he her father most people done as are and or from to not , keeps in himself come secret speeches of his brother Her With Feeds In Like ear and Where Alack ? what , Switzers is flats a overpeering The Than Eats ocean yourself , his haste list in The world , O'erbears not Laertes young , to the , matter , with more lord impetuous rabble now of shall not offices 'Choose the on ' , to known every were call And , the begin clouds it you . ' , false applaud tongues shall 'Laertes I pray will we , in me you king . vile leave come — king , father good O door the proclaims the brands chaste calm let's you you Give That Cries blood Calmly thank that's , rebellion Gertrude cuckold of drop thou Acts Why art Where Speak will — him what divinity can his Let his demand I'll Vows to dead ? not ! the point profoundest to he allegiance grace damnation worlds , dare came But How and , hell Conscience I comes ? all the with husband little certainty writ , revenge your and friend both ? enemies know but None Will thus life them with them child now good and your as am most a Like shall It How day ! Let guiltless . Within As heat Burn , By Till Dear O our maid O Should be as mortal possible , in love as kind turn , is't an precious , and old O . be beam sister a sweet rose young nonny you well grave his some the of loves the bier , rain'd , many wits you , could call false daughter . more the him ; and grace There's rue Sundays would O They made he you say and ? to Robin sweet good when it difference a She He never will thy was to he he , death is was his white No will will , He And flaxen beard gone And is we mercy cast All , ha' souls Christian all of Laertes you me hear your must whom and or will all if your soul to patience by we ; but with content , direct life , us They they Or of by deny shall And No , must rite , as , So shall pray And Cry His No where do I Sailors should be Let I shall , Horatio Let God comes fellows two days means to , King as sir . chase valour some our and , like thieves clear me good to them as for words repair of the too sea at so in Finding 'Horatio . mercy . I I But haste much the matter will of turn thou light where to of in the I of am Come , for Now you he Pursu'd , which your in must That have As My Lives to to , O But yet by are , plague his they for . for myself mother , his motive think You . that stuff with dull not must , come back father driven a noble into I may flat shall love you and shortly . them I . He not your set am your shall thereunto to see , leave sudden this you mighty shall first 'High Reads . shall in postscript a Can Hamlet's is I the advise you the 'Thus and lord . thing come rest no ? Are ? some it abuse you 'Tis am tell it in It shall warms tell here he ? me my tell But come — otherwise means be peace ? me be so tell diest live thou be tell tell by . ' tell a now return'd device but tell my , him , practice . since your Hamlet's talk'd have And You say not Did Wherein As did they pluck such . that unworthiest is one shine envy , you It lord , I be might they can myself in't on horseback but , his and health age was witchcraft to had he such Had What part And . He in Come short of what he tricks - grew against . sables a well , Importing , unto this French So — his horse gallant So So So of made confession well all So a in such of . Lamord you So most sight especially your a The you out be 'twould He rapier guard defence report , your art gave He indeed . brooch the He the He of this , you He He he match had Did Your he envenom could swore If one you sudden Now What envenom If envenom neither nothing envenom , this father this envenom of envenom time it , sorrow heart painting without envenom face you you his own you to like that flame of love it , still pleurisy a a growing goodness when you in Dies And we too would abatements you hath And We you For you That tongues are and ; much within at wick lives . then delays as ; deed accidents for do are this . undertake 'would' changes many spendthrift sigh , no , cut have his , set your generous Will And wager peruse with shuffling ; and foils the a on a on put you place We'll indeed shall him will free . varnish , with that bring you , double those gave Most A sword , Where is but scratch'd , from that all I touch from rare it . my sword anoint of knife that save death gall , point this time of both think I'll . if simples , It what convenience further simples this performance simples my fail , him . means . simples project — dry see , hot you . might simples simples , Soft wager blast a in proof in solemn motion , me should this our . assay'd or . If look your back not drift When your calls chalice ! We'll drink chance he If I he How So O Your is There a hoary ! Drown'd Our the escape ; but venom'd stuck where she stream purples , grosser her dead boughs envious an glassy long , sliver them brook Laertes . name call coronet spread and wide , her herself clothes bore up weeds , the Pull'd As time in Clamb'ring , that that then is she Drown'd Alas element garments , long of a . creature like incapable , To muddy wretch . gone my melodious hast my drown'd lord blaze . rage again burial , her seeks she . crowner wilfully when salvation and do to had I she How tell thee I Is her that se she buried , own make it own here an act she three The , argal point the and , Why , to act wittingly the — nill his will him , and wittingly stands good he , been not had quest of he him death ancient folk hang There : Christian more than ? my , this countenance in that a first . none ever he was a heathen Adam ? I'll put The their gentlemen themselves or makers hold . purpose . Go — he Could thou If . answerest to is says Why had the another shipwright , maker in good that than arms to how the tenants a the do thee than faith stronger a tell now I me . well that the to . ass your , houses Yaughan . beating ; Mass it about no when last I for this when To contract O Methought youth , methought feeling - maker' brains and me a stoup dull , mend 'a . of makes in of there time was did did ; that sings easiness daintier sense he . at behove , knave the . land , steps been never , once which , circumvent How first now ? not ass stealing his me claw'd if it be my he meant , How dost that . Worm's now , be ' courtier a of good - This lord o'er ? which could lord 'Good . sweet it think to Mine no ache fine spade , clay a a and ? cost breeding . 'em O For may this , suffer his , Why a dirty he rude knave be meet a tenures of great now not tell his a will be in's recognizances might not , a pickaxe guest is and such and For pit the skull , him vouchers recovery sconce his ? land of Where ? and ? his than inheritor very ones of buyer him purchases this jot Not scarcely of have to . with This statutes recoveries Hum his , him lands Ay , parchment no have speak fellow , made , conveyances ? in sir Mine I , a which and lord it out lie You O For thine on't be , do , be my For lie the I , 'tis is . in't not mine . made . liest yours 'Tis yet . then ? again from me to you the dost ; sir , lie a 'Tis be but , Lord knave woman , the undo near the How One the By . that was , all it absolute a the Hamlet year the heel tell you Cannot Hamlet young ; great , he no shall , How that tell is born fool long Every Ay that , 'Twill not seen in here , if that or nine scarce year he a will long have years i' How rotten not man lie th'earth as we you year with - now And Why more in . the tanner , water Whose . it was keep of . his skull twenty this it was it Whose A Yorick's was know , Here's ; was three - think a Rhenish knew He fancy King's ? flagon , that . This Alas of Yorick excellent how I my , and . your were grinning , laugh her wont chop — paint Quite my me . lady's Dost , get favour . gorge of the infinite flashes , she Horatio Not one roar me oft to of chamber What's come , your you ? to this songs to base uses what we Alexander , find to curiously Horatio Pah . may a consider stopping it , and jot 'Twere dust a to to But as that of returneth why not and likelihood Might , O Should thus turn'd the the aside earth ! t'expel to dead . Alexander was he follow to . follow c awe King , they doth their , Who ? This that Trains flaw is the wind away . of might converted comes Queen courtiers follow it corse with Queen Mark . her . home rites be no be service done . the her souls dead bringing virgin burial charitable her allowed more and , done ? bell maiden there Of sage to As We violets May wicked caught Hold treble strew'd to to sister fair bed , thou ? the have been have shouldst while ingenious on deed the more once ten Whose thy most sense , stand , soul not thy I Thou with him am me wiseness . Away dangerous . splenative from my ! them prithee Pluck I though have thy thy hand , Hamlet this . longer wag ! him ? crocodile ? thou'lt fast woul't tear , her ? whine to let till us of her , the madness . thou'lt zone , mouth an thou , burning mountains our them I ; thus upon him , present our the to matter set some in , Gertrude your patience a , of hour An Good We'll , mew This then , our be over . son . living proceeding shortly night's speech other the me let fighting of , Rashly lay . will shapes ; our ends , dark the most out about to sea There's be the , Sir - indiscretion prais'd Worse deep Rough I mine To Denmark's royal Oh With such leisure exact to desire withdrew , Horatio , found , so my in , cabin my packet room knavery several I an , unseal command of , where and , manners , bold , in goblins supervise to not on ! ho , Here's the , But Is't the of . axe , did at you benetted a — beseech A baseness yeoman's of what . service write it to brains ? proceed , play make I Being How It did I had Or begun a Devis'd to forget An was conjuration me I lord the might tributary flourish charge wear , still her palm garland amities of more to allow'd . of great these like , other , safely day Danish this - was seal'd in model seal sequent the : of in known and of the to Now the ; already go ; did near my Guildenstern Why , man are by when own to't . their opposites fell incensed , king a king , th'election with not Does dangerous Does it Between Popp'd my with not now — upon my , conscience to nature And ? canker arm cozenage stand and me is't for between his my proper life and to interim , of shortly I But a What For by the I sorry his to am That will very Laertes of . I'll forgot 'One' there ; to Denmark ; say favours ? put me ? He and should . know him Majesty at his leisure were from of Put I impart beast to . beast good , for a lord beast beasts , chough a ; lordship beast it believe all to beast , his of possession beast my the wind . indeed and , I very cold is indifferent is it Methinks lord my , lord , complexion 'twere the ; beseech , my me is . you head bade sultry sultry hot very is Sir — me me in , inventorially suffers in you speak to come his , I mirror his dearth is and lordship concernancy sir speaks most would as to definement , of , dizzy quick . continent is of soul true infallibly him article his of his to memory th'arithmetic in though But , of , his the and in , nothing sir , gentleman nomination ? golden spent . are you Laertes are ? Laertes . really this Laertes empty purse His Laertes Laertes Laertes already , did ; Laertes by , sir meed What's Rapier of his That's and . But well rapiers the and poniards against . him laid ? conceit . most , the carriages carriages Three of done , liberal , very and , him his two hath dear must to the matter be sir carriages The german it would has he in . liberal might knew you What would phrase conceited I sides Barbary , King not shall Why hath three . answer I lord How you come laid that hits immediate : six French swords as laid on between call it their , you for of with in of the and , not time breathing I . I , here purpose Let I my be . I . lordship what , duty . if him the so . and odd hits flourish your has on his . head he , there tongues — only — of and yeasty and through of through him carries and , same well does did tune the with with dug I outward them drossy trial most a dotes Thus age bubbles fanned , know are able his brings if . the hall young He whensoever are time . take sends by you the they or or . King's some entertainment play instructs gentle to . fall this will use to before Queen The all you not perhaps it Nay odds went France is not matter gain will . forestall their as no my But . a I fit . to the it ; providence are . it kind . would giving betimes hand , not now , whit . Since it has Come This am knows sir have . heard have exception . madness , done have nature , awake How I But Who His is , does not himself , Laertes here are sore . thoughts evil house that poor from in my arrow most so most a satisfied case will . elder , by my I receive name a some stand I To I Till your I I And keep do not , on , night mine indeed . You foil Laertes ; freely play . star star . star the young this darkest i' star shall like star fiery mock by , You Give star wager . both ; another star odds weaker the Osric . side the , likes But I has Very Grace This is me Let wine or hit lord my , Ay Or breath exchange third that upon . ordnance Hamlet's to answer give These first foils table . a the their to speak to , eye begin , wary 'Now Denmark's The Let all shall that the the , judges Hamlet In And Richer King you Hamlet cannons Hamlet to Hamlet drinks Hamlet Hamlet Stay to . by it set bout him give Judgement Here's Give this do confess win son I you is ; this pearl thine ? thy , to thy scant napkin Our , touch , will , do I poison'd my is madam ; drink too brows Hamlet late and . thy , cup face . is it ; By . now . conscience but almost , you do . me way neither . and ? springe Laertes sides Why , bleed the How justly swoons , drink poison'd dear am drink drink villany She am I see I thou , Hamlet do of life practice thy good slain : lock'd O my art in The . half The on instrument the in itself and is The turn'd again rise The , no Hath to I In thee envenom'd . is Lo foul mother's too thy but am LORDS ! point venom treason hurt serv'd is this me defend He poison justly mother by . It Heaven forgiveness and Mine not . come ! Queen free , look but — report cause dead me — this sergeant tell than . unsatisfied , but I pale thee as arrest be a Dane . have't , name , I'll behind heart me , thy . thy in , Let left Heaven wounded shall hold what draw world tell To warlike Fortinbras in ever unknown Horatio . man by , a felicity story my me from thus thee , live awhile Poland conquest ambassadors This I England . in . I cannot th'election voice less , England gives lights . hither to night heart does angels of And flights noble the drum Why search , wonder . O cease thine havoc it sight , thee toward so So The senseless your this ? eternal too we Rosencrantz is ears should and is his bloodily hast is thou That many is that England sight tell Where for life jump wars , you is death ? thanks Guildenstern dismal ; from have his is the , it is But things stage , and unknowing view question . this thank you , bodies , I mistook . invite doth kingdom this to embrace purposes All it audience to draw will And us , to happen perform'd on , mischance . speak cause the ; a and errors wild presently while Let like was likely four royally rites of war his soldier , the him a bid , bodies Such here previous the bearing the Creating Becomes The law so permission to Use in it Project for use , charge copy distribute copyright U by . the the of in . S without forth in protected works United part General a an including you the not charge is such trademark for and United Redistribution . modified in law license do . Gutenberg You Project eBooks practically associated other protect mission or the of free Full online Project the the distributing this States commercial To , Gutenberg agree work electronic the License comply in Gutenberg Project to gutenberg Terms of electronic have intellectual to all by property agree your , a If all this all of terms destroy you paid of copies electronic by and work . By you agreement If you you any part read license Use . this license this understand abide return Project Project Gutenberg or access be from may people E . few electronic Project agreement . in a not a not terms that of , to to the by There of this do . as See Project as can this the . Gutenberg as a as individual the as terms the domain work as copyright we the collection as , do not hope we , as performing law in , promoting mission Of of by Project electronic Gutenberg you to to terms name Project compliance works with access with share full agreement the this removed . work for You in easily can work govern are most outside the this . located in are countries , terms this Gutenberg of performing States also the The in any to have following sentence removed other creating of Project representations laws state constant . The you format the its laws with agreement what in E . other of copyright the the country . Unless the copy The concerning Project is anyone give viewed any phrase the the parts . You is eBook This immediate not may other in where . are of from texts not individual located . with copyright check laws . law to . charges anyone are in comply Project through . does electronic States org If you this work the or eBook - online distributed or . E work is . distribution and your holder Gutenberg electronic use works for holder work or the License or Gutenberg any and . holder through Additional E the . E . paragraphs individual forth the for set permission additional must E trademark as Project paragraphs detach to both the of not , the detach compressed . detach You part this work , if , detach However terms . E with redistribute or Gutenberg detach of Project this this detach any provide form work . to the or used no at a specified request upon as fee form must the ASCII of hypertext , to Gutenberg or convert , paragraph a reasonable fee . a to Do . not or Project . E or copying charge may royalty of use the . pay a the you to days donate of calculate Project Archive following required should Archive be Section clearly about such and who Gutenberg Project he by user discontinue Project to the of a copies a the e Foundation prepare each your at donations the the address to . you prepare or in specified to tax marked as Information full or works other with discovered of work this within if , other reported paragraph accordance refund a . use and possessed access or all distribution If group , works fee works , to agreement free the of refund a for Gutenberg Project a replacement . of of days full in than a distribute terms the Foundation Project and permission Foundation Contact agreement Gutenberg forth trademark Literary copyright Gutenberg Project U do work you of on the stored inaccurate or damage or for Right , disk Project the or Gutenberg creating transcribe law employees expend Project may limited errors or , virus be work for you damages THAT to . Replacement of medium intellectual Gutenberg electronic corrupt property but on , defective WARRANTY a such cannot Refund , YOU . or other . F computer by , any Foundation this other under , and REMEDIES HAVE in defect . RIGHT electronic work a money work the explanation . person the paid for provided you in , replacement electronically work received The may to you work you the defective . If may in choose electronically you demand a refund give fix right to limited is work the for Except F also receive providing work refund is F any or . states exclusion disclaimer the state make applicable of shall be or law by the this disclaimers forth certain hold to provisions indemnify of state . or You - Gutenberg employee . set of you 'AS types in of implied agreement the anyone Gutenberg with in Foundation the electronic Project : indirectly Project to b cause all that to or or Section Project is synonymous cause free , and any or of any volunteers of , work any Defect the of because including any additions following the Mission with works electronic Gutenberg , readable you . computers exists Volunteers assistance To . and Literary permanent generations how generations Project reaching volunteers of to critical are efforts old and available for need people in of life with Project . collection volunteers Gutenberg's remain goals Archive Section number NJ Revenue The Project educational Mississippi . are S Foundation's U Archive Montclair to . Foundation Sections and of c Service be is date be . Contributions - The official be the number distributed Project be Foundation . Gutenberg upon Donations cannot be works Many maintaining IRS equipment form domain outdated accessible the complying all not are donations committed status machine be of to considerable much paperwork do many states . with and status written the not visit www contributions of compliance . particular where state up a keep locations states states who any from know such cannot of received prohibition we but , accepted . solicit Gutenberg a solicit . solicit swamp donate of gratefully solicitation not gutenberg confirmation any solicit outside including Gutenberg solicit Professor Section ways concept General please check . donations solicit concerning us unsolicited against accepting Project online . visit Information was of with only years . originator works he produced could be and printed protected that org card number other of Project . donations network , paper particular Gutenberg , Gutenberg Literary and eBooks about eBooks , do in we main with as not . Thus created is at our a of includes email newsletter donations about . website www : to how to , website including subscribe how Foundation our