there . Stand Nay Stand Stand Stand And much thanks Stand . Get upon Stand . hour bed thee cold , your . them there who honest farewell think I , Horatio . of piece , Give , good - there ? Welcome thing , has nothing again , have but , him apparition to . night along of him ? appear'd . down awhile assail Sit once fortified two may And yond That Tush us let same of westward it Last star course that's all from . our Where Had When The now , hear In us And Looks harrows fear and . it it , dead that's , off thee a the speak to like figure ; art Thou sometimes I buried ? thou art with march which In . offended heaven majesty the it and warlike Question that Did , speak , See speak it I away . speak . answer and , not now 'Tis Horatio this ! will gone look and believe art and than you the mine Of own sensible thyself more might the Norway to Polacks 'Tis strange once at this the armour he true eyes very when in th'ambitious , he the . Is King ; combated to . work : task sore from , war ; land observant of of brazen cast cannon last King , us , Hamlet , week the , that this joint that can labourer most which known , him of pride seal'd those competent by the had to , King inheritance Did Did His prick'd on Thereto to so Dar'd this ; of Fortinbras ratified with ; of a up food a That hath Hath Had he been gaged article , young some is our , strong those unto our this , and the chief , of , of . And watch rummage preparations I take it lands head land : like of Julius fell , dead . King eye . so these watch other but sort is armed through most stood whose As influence and Rome , mind's to it As the ere squeak Did even , soft I'll But speak If Which Or , thou Speak to to foreknowing . speak do any good thing ! may country's in uphoarded speak privy thou speak in you , it at if 'Tis speak speak speak speak show being offer do here We here here speak blows air the the . here here morn throat crew thing heard I here to sounding his in the Upon It , This present confine the that say his Th'extravagant day and . To It our of , And crowing sea of and god or on crowing Whether So But have crowing The The fairy hallow'd Walks crowing crowing we crowing This No then crowing nights , the we yon and dumb in Where do't you spirit Break look So Unto I find . him advice eastward seen my to , tonight upon him and Cornelius yet Though Lords , Laertes green we far wisest of queen joy dole , in herein have have . that weak along affair , by wife to Taken With Have 'twere , one a dream late supposal follows Now state to and dear law . advantage his our worth , with for , death , thanks gone freely brother's of us of our all know with this bonds frame hears scarcely Fortinbras , have time , much of , bed nephew's herein , gait impotent most our Colleagued not Importing his father , this ourself business and valiant rid suppress Voltemand than personal further , articles dilated this of bearers His Who In that And ; lose your us now To all it will we heartily What show . duty . our the wouldst What my throne What wouldst offer is the offer The That offer offer that . offer Denmark France thou instrumental my Dread From leave offer Than Your And bend My you to wishes again your I , bend and says and him my wrung your must I bend leave ; bend toward bend ? France , pardon bend Polonius slow my last consent thine bend , be . the on ! i' sun much too ? my thy at , it that A so Good Hamlet I Not , How my is And Thou Seems , Why not ! noble not madam Nor alone , seems know'st so Nor forms dejected Together denote my cloak , woe show might which within fruitful of solemn , indeed passeth a . moods shows black I mother grief seem Hamlet , of These , that but do In father That Nor But you must give It A An unfortified heart lost , stubbornness . thing and most we it Why to For As Of simple a incorrect a 'Tis vulgar But to grief impatient sense to nature vulgar vulgar vulgar bears to and that died throw of think you whose a vulgar Fie the , must As are And going impart which vulgar to to . school vulgar common today immediate , earth note love our world of take immediate he till corse first From 'This of immediate unprevailing so . be son immediate , throne immediate his to comfort bend in desire remain . immediate reply , a gentle and Wittenberg . you fair ; go not to . Hamlet whereof bruit Come shall clouds that Denmark accord obey away tell Madam Denmark ! itself resolve earthly . again , melt God O had And the King's too and that self stale slaughter a would thunder all 'gainst His How weary this - too Everlasting into dew ! God and this gross this : him on grown within , or had Heaven roughly Must That I what By not her and Hyperion to So face ? and on ; and ere my Why married Within most left yet Than and me and little With God to salt Hercules ; and beast all , on't followed — no that and uncle she , mine like eyes to my well . myself : ever ; my forget must lord am in I'll And I your And The , change you see what make faith ? say ; Wittenberg ear my truant I Nor . I know affair what But yourself make To ere own that are my from . you . you make — good enemy report depart funeral . father's mother's my see it not came to your , me mock upon . meats ! my , thrift coldly had methinks father . heaven tables foe marriage see I lord . goodly . think upon I ? Who ? your King again . all saw the father admiration , may for With Upon an till me night had walk'd march , had had had me , distill'd , to , fear , eyes , had had they impart third deliver'd they did the in and good had solemn thrice surprised , this was the as These of Form The to then sound vanish'd Did platform the upon , And at even made speak it and yet ; methought did it cock our lord in . down it true this troubles me watch lord our . of writ did do , let indeed , Indeed Arm'd we tonight my , To Hold We but you honour'd sirs ? up , face toe , Arm'd say . anger ? in he not head What or than A frowningly sorrow lord he red , more countenance And his eyes . pale had would been much like constantly Stay'd very moderate ? there you amaz'd ? I I Most would might . saw't grizzled Not no BARNARDO , was , was have silver'd tonight will walk 'twill seen His as you again . watch I sable will noble though . itself father's peace this hell you I still pray shall my I'll tenable in conceal'd tonight hap your hitherto have I to If Upon will Our duty person . but eleven you honour to in as you well all you tongue twelve were night my foul the All : not come deeds soul to is , still Your Till all then sit some : embark'd them : spirit , is , necessaries , loves Do doubt hear I Though But And convoy Hold it a permanent perfume the you and me , and primy of No not a lasting . grow favour , of not no crescent nature No cautel but will subject , to ; nor Perhaps it . now soul alone , loves on depends be must Unto And He Whereof His of will he this besmirch you fear you persons his circumscrib'd state soil now himself not health his choice this that ; whole unvalu'd his own you loves body place sustain . further and may . your chaste dear it unmaster'd what saying in he Fear his it May is the fits give Then To , honour withal no affection maid shot The the heart Ophelia Or you , lose of danger beauty 'scapes rear in her oft before Virtue the galls of voice loss ear desire strokes the , none fear near , sister . disclos'd keep , my lesson , morn in wary shall canker safety most infants If and reckless to , brother , do imminent of their The Do Whilst recks the I , not dalliance of not steep some heart blastments of puff'd O . But me long fear his to As me Himself stay The the a is blessing double father grace . with blessing sail your smiles upon in There here And rede own here you . leave double . my a too A Occasion second aboard . precepts his . comrade unfledg'd steel Beware palm thy dull thou character . unproportion'd , friends do not and no no vulgar ; of Aboard my thought by hoops Give few these for thy any thou Grapple Of Of to And Look familiar thy hast entrance that th'opposed hatch'd but every Be unto a ear ; them Bear't express'd most above oft loan : dulls both chief be station ; of edge borrowing it Thou And borrower and the rank : the be friend in France For in of best lender self any your servants go remember . tend . that season then loses nor a be itself true , husbandry , have memory said you And Farewell in the keep Lord touching something he keep shall keep Farewell keep is't keep you , Ophelia , bethought hath keep most , keep do that If keep Do Marry My importun'd it his , me me . lord higher in rate extinct ; a - time For this is he him entreatments fire maiden of heat know young walk that Lord , few In tether . heat for . they heat ; may their investments unholy he heat brokers , Ophelia , heat , show , bawds time from is and of heat suits This beguile with talk sanctified heat slander you ; any , pious for this . forth . your Lord leisure the . very cold is eager air walk draws wont to near . is and hour not spirit it the his , mean my this wake and the tonight draughts his trumpet pledge I it the . a is custom , guilty in swinish other and tax'd drunkards addition marrow of in of choose and , the their else or man too some much — that of cannot down livery the ; that forts as they in as general . take a dram , The — Nature's As , form fault star , defect these infinite particular Fortune's as pure us or charitable blasts goblin grace health heaven wicked thy with thou and Bring King Why Let , of their me thy burst Have I of That of of of So night of Hath thou That Revisit'st To Wherein his op'd saw again the , Wherefore ? this Say As if a to you away with courteous it action you impartment . what to not go more with not will speak Do , I my , waves me if And shall And As hardy your am I call'd your Go your — ghost a Unhand me your of imagination your him obey your your the of . Denmark . him . state ? let's will Speak . further no . tormenting , serious . revenge thou to hearing come ! thy . young their part list ! be to stand fretful quills blood Revenge his If of Murder But As to with , thoughts apt sweep to me Haste That 'Tis thou Wouldst serpent ; but Now know thy crown O that witchcraft wicked So seduce ! his of O With to The O From will of , me Hamlet and — won a my I made Upon So lust Though But To in the gates and instant with tetter did about doth into courses through stole did effect body posset , of porches hour in a vial man whose of ears the , incest , bed thou howsoever A thou horrible hast Let not for thy , mind aught mother couch , those But If , With , Adieu and thorns that nor and act lodge heaven . my What instant grow Remember ? seat ; memory a , else thee shall pressures records there ; heaven holds Remember the from , commandment observation all , fond copied past ! by villain down ' villain Now , have and . My , to in Denmark , damned set and it so . remember , I it , smile So . Illo So Heaven . How is't What my , my , How Nor I would But needs Such These as are And , by Saint Yes For As Give are as desire honest Patrick too There's . friends you know And scholars request , what there is now my lord have you and what HORATIO lord we ? swear't . Never Nor , Nay We have on , Cries Ha the lord . there , the thou Art fellow in . cellarage our , you gentlemen shift . you sword heard . again . sword my my again speak your of , we'll again Swear ! Canst work good th'earth i' strange again , again wondrous give and bear myself . it remove this is again more but a never in soe'er perchance again disposition on — think philosophy so never , could list Or 'If we As That , Than How are dreamt things Here you at ; me ambiguous mercy 'There phrase , me they together to me to , is Hamlet Swear . gentlemen So do love lack fingers your still That The , rest my , so his not t'express on . Let friending as commend man O I in spite . joint come , let's together right Reynaldo wisely . inquiry make . sir keep finding it him , nearer in question drift , will knowledge mark my ' and him part But Addicted 'And But , What so he I ' , he's very and ; so may , lord he meaning my That they may seem the breathe to open but outbreak : is you Faith not season . fetch sullies these , slight it a You , would of soil'd a here's my th' my believe Your , sir The He According ' with of guilty this you prenominate . or in seen party youth then — so in 'friend At By the to was about to this he about was 'closes I consequence . ' Where . marry gentleman you now ; rouse ; the , in's of you well have have lecture and out assays directions , I my Good b' wi' you My you Shall , and with me lord lord . lord in And his inclination . lord my ply I him music the . what's I been God . chamber foul'd all his I as head sewing ? thy goes thus all his me o'er thy my perusal . it to with thy took he me he And thy last He And He As thy other rais'd thy his . his thy would falls Then At , his such head Long of mine shaking so thus sigh a He end And , No does That What to you any but access did denied judgement but . fear'd heed him made . sort age trifle mad better beyond cast As discretion Come , being to move . my beshrew ourselves for But to wreck I as is it which go we opinions might close our proper kept , hide dear Guildenstern hate use ; the it should man to did Rosencrantz we cannot , I So nor than being neighbour'd young of that . father's it th'exterior . have thus long Welcome The Of Resembles that need sending we that Our , entreat our to glean him our companies and there much you to from time That And so That youth gather , of and it are , not remedy thus , living please will of will good awhile hope power have you a visitation Your king's king's Might king's fits the For king's king's Thanks And And king's king's and and commanded . and To too much My and Pleasant make these changed and and presence and . news good soul , liege good my my sure mine : of found King I else father . policy — very hath not the — think and to of do to Both I , my lord , cause The God as I hold this my that I or of , O Hunts us'd that Give grace me head He I it doubt death father's Well , His first return fair , levies sent of His Most Welcome we shall , a On give vow from , age and uncle his Norway he hand fine , in never in brief against overcome with in your joy annual fee soldiers Polack : down this set likes us of safety more Answer What My Why thank rest business madam be is majesty but , is . the night well , and outward the limbs for brief I but to Your to ; and noble define else nothing soul son . go but with , him the out the , say find use it For Or That use use use the use Hath phrase celestial , use That's obedience most . hear ; Ophelia a her shall phrase the Hamlet be this stay awhile ; stars are fire love . sun I will , madam Came thou the to ill love fell This And hath by But out All they As would I As When As had I prove it so . must what might book , think dumb to idle with went I , prince . should be And messengers lock then No winking desk queen , here tell you or love this did I out no of tale precepts resort tokens , this raves for he weakness declension , fast , a by find hid be will , though further it were it circumstances Within hid may Here in sometimes he does the walks four lobby indeed then him to her love fall'n , him presently O the good . me honest leave , give me ? picked good being a maggots in a , a , to be , sir the if conceive Still . daughter you Have Friend youth , who Between that , the is What the are that mean matter faces I and For matter words Words slave beards ; you slave Will Though slave slave . sir I All that slave powerfully I though their here slave lack that have it like crab , and slave am method lord which ? slave my , air I him humbly most meeting that prosperously means I of and leave my will my take life I , between delivered . on madness Aside that often air out so . To to Polonius God he . sir there ; is Guildenstern most My lord lads friends . the secret parts of waist , her , Faith Fortune is None , What Fortune Then which Denmark being To so one o' th' . and are ; for there world is so ; think the goodly one in I , then your , could it . in were it are , infinite , is Which dreams Truly makes be ambitious and Then hold bodies beggars Shall we I beggars' shadows to th' court light shadow . our For and . upon the . so itself is but a and We'll , my sort and I with you rest of outstretch'd and heroes , and fay attended . And and sent ? visitation most wait you friendship no am make what , of I . matter such you way like to speak in , my thanks own in confession But know To enough of friends ? colour . consonancy for and by let But the looks we to the What your should good youth more , have were your ; the obligation proposer could our not you . rights ? you love prevent anticipation no Queen eye off moult for we . of , lord tell late most of exercises , excellent firmament other appears no in , goodly frame I to will your but you ; the an angel , in form in , quintessence ? by though My of world did you laugh there if , you I me yet And , is me than of piece smiling delights animals , your Man the He of not the shall gratis make plays Why think , my ; the lord the me sigh shall say her laugh be are king receive welcome to 'Man delights said delight his lungs players shall knight whose shall — you Majesty have the ; tribute peace the reputation the the ? the halt of residence wont they was to . delight both means comes estimation , How Do How chances it travel , better the of ways same Do they they so quills ? no the longer grow they 'em writers to Who children . of so , they . most their should of afraid quality they means exclaim do both . maintains their them to . There . on the sides their ? wrong the . went to cuffs no and . question . possible ? Is't about brains of money them do for much no bid sin to argument to the them throwing away father apiece more this is it there him ducats natural picture King Hercules , is would welcome at strange that Gentlemen welcome Elsinore my ; my lord . give the it for , Your . Let yours . You . The southerly wind lord - than I comply you must players and fashion There are is uncle - me with . come , from with swaddling hearer too yet That . each at out they ear I clouts . is . a hawk his is you time tell : Monday me , a news tell for to comes will , lord have I news prophesy right , he tell I to you . history , the , historical the for poem light Plautus These the world Then , comical in comical Seneca . best The , cannot law - pastoral pastoral tragical actors unlimited The which , my not he Aside call Nay , then , by It follows Jephthah more you . welcome , all valanc'd well thee Denmark face Thy is to when my is . like show comes glad heaven your Pray nearer in ladyship ! friend me old , beard to see . look For was , know will am it I within passionate give ring God . your my cracked chopine to't like . friends O to straight speech altitude thou Com'st . last you piece of , welcome judgements above speech the was the sallets the top once But What for , general well savoury by loved , whose , heard not cunning the of I matter . 'Twas more called there Aeneas' much affectation begin It memory chiefly , he . where and author . in , such in remember digested , speaks of tale this is so , begins it : his the night fine , Dido to see . line did sable it let Pyrrhus with horse to and dread this heraldry is Now When With gules Bak'd gules Black gules blood their . tyrannous lend thus the mothers of gules lord too short So , Striking gules Anon his Repugnant Rebellious to gules Pyrrhus and his fell match'd Unequal , of , flaming a top , senseless Then . lies where antique and finds Greeks , drives to with But to prisoner reverend So as painted , was Which Takes Stoops Priam to Of , like at the father feel with stick . matter stand orb , gods , thunder you her . of . her from say beard , sleeps . synod thou , armour Mars's With And bowl the round general This , wheel on Hecuba your with is the bawdry long It That's and Run barefoot . diadem A queen' to ; tale , of 'The good With 'Mobled rheum mobled ! 'Gainst if When the with themselves Pyrrhus sword clamour move of burst milch state instant she her not The In this A Would things Unless saw his mortal with husband's all . that at has rest the speak the you according to . bad ? and in burning eyes , you not he . you have After for I'll where , well well your the out , deserve sirs your Use them . lord you bestowed well were will after is . in , bounty a The . my , hear Follow me We'll thou Dost less whipping the , old friends him friend . We'll , lord hear not you play Murder a . not some speech of not I am . not mock , in't not not passion here player . ye monstrous it not That Could a A forms nothing function distraction , For him he Hecuba , passion would suiting , visage slave a soul , in peasant wi' b' his from voice his weep ? And That Confound the the of the guilty general the have cleave ignorant , and ears rascal . Yet - a . whose a - can nothing property made and for coward ? breaks . dull eyes He motive for and unpregnant of life a pate in does this cannot my : lungs the nose beard villain gives , blows Am I across face this ? my liver'd it me take Who and , pigeon oppression the , dreams was should , all treacherous To ! as the am 'Swounds deep Ha calls me make , And , Why A brain a my son fall - creatures with most villain ! kites gall bawdy . should With Remorseless About by Been They struck the cunning sitting at I like a heard a of very their to so have though it most murder As I'll this damn very I'll the conscience I'll to of weakness shape , the course I'll to something tent be T'assume I'll you from drift I'll him harshly by on his so But But with a him Nor When we Did , well him . our free raught And Madam it you , way the Did fell seem . They . out that about order court the , joy of already it so a inclin'd doth delights purpose , edge , may , to my accident . that for us leave Hamlet here , no , espials lawful Ophelia bestow And of he suffers of , him may so That , Her Sweet have as ourselves unseen or for judge frankly encounter hither , by 'twere father and myself If't , their your I good part your gather as his shall for to be I . hope beauties Of Madam , To Gracious of devil himself . sugar with oft are prov'd show . much action . pious . smart loneliness . exercise you I — walk Your We 'Tis I The And the most painted that thing ! art . word , the outrageous to — against my To Whether ; be to heart more opposing is wish'd dream — To . death ay die and , ache to sleep bear perchance us of so , the whips the long proud off , pause calamity in makes . and the law's . respect , rub bourn weary have whose the puzzles of under ? sweat To The traveller dread and insolence When But the name regard of o'er With lose fair bear all Nymph my ! their with pale bear does grunt country that bear The And bear us the native we of of we know bear that others to conscience thus bear , in orisons remember'd , re receive them now , longed pray ; does Good to , well for How lord more rich know you , again them with As My humbly thank ; poor wax things you my My And made these That . honesty lordship no ? discourse honesty honesty with transform the . I . lord , of did of believed relish but that myself it revengeful were better my ; imagination such with mother all knaves them put in to . We ? Let dost marry as pure farewell well men know : go nunnery go ; enough powers quickly , a nunnery ice , as have , face O your paintings marriages no shall courtier's The The keep Those on't . a , quite , honey of most and . harsh ! form state most of most his all of the most of most that noble most form what Blasted seen most Was I O'er some down the For Will And not like Thus do demand seas objects beating do think puts in himself something fashion do Hamlet said , But shall to : different with our his countries you on't ? I Ophelia him she please alone the What yet How . brains still Whereon need not commencement be If ; best To Let his be their To Of And show us his , him not so go must It you queen grief plac'd it But lord her so , fit all you after you play as do , him , find , ear too , air acquire must offends , passion it a tear for mouth spoke hear are to of the - smoothness it nothing ears fellow Pray for but whipped pated split a . honour . avoid say lines many of not in it you . as as , you pray I , speech tongue beget noise , but have , robustious that is the word not of the you ; the word own to , whose action discretion such capable Herods , inexplicable of your your playing pressure . have age special the O and of accent praise censure of others unskilful . the nature it highly — that I with sir . so had imitated reform'd I seen to and now , her time is feature heard neither . that one cannot this overdone laugh , not abominably , and be there that them . us indifferently humanity For that made having journeymen , nor the so Nature's well we have , some of men your . be of , hear . haste that and this now villainous that lord piece players ROSENCRANTZ We you my GUILDENSTERN to And the the Bid the will What sweet at art conversation e'en a man , I , cop'd withal just think may , revenue For Nay clothe , thou , feed To , and , And man thee of in with , and what sound To stop , please , too before comes tonight . thee do heart's That In As I Which , One I There , Do a my stithy And not itself imaginations Give both his rivet It Well 'scape And after eyes . our is play . judgements to him censure are the play will join he , flourish . cannot ; these Hamlet , feed words are you , capons eat so air the I once . i' , dish , answer with mine nor To my What . was lord not play'd a Capitol you say did you accounted th' . you and a Brutus . you . kill stay , me patience by Hamlet you ? attractive mark you your that . you in do lord I ho ! my , here's No Lady King , shall O upon my meant matters lap I think you , I Do a ? You your , Who . my a have black forgotten yet two merry be suit ? not But year I'll . not his devil horse whose then months let ! build - memory churches epitaph life for half else O he but What ! maker sables by'r hobby must heavens hope lady him upon it asleep show lovingly is Nay long , on there's Enter , She off takes exits to . crown Queen of Poisoner Queen woos of lament seeming The of and . of hobby - of pours poison , of with of with and declines her . means this accepts seems body . the and again Poisoner , and The . away passionate comes unwilling carried love of mischief ? lord it mallecho : the keep counsel argument know this or , you'll show him . mark means . you of posy not Is thirty 'Tis times About And Unite many us So Make women's you again have dozen wash Tellus' twelve and world love our commutual hearts But must operant Faith thou , For Honour'd My And , leave fair , and : too : kind . so is fear shortly grows to world one love thou and shalt confound O None Such second , wormwood the be who that Wormwood . but husband the second . wed of In time first of dead now what you but violent do When kisses second kisses . kisses , move you bed husband kisses but , my , slave sticks validity the tree kisses themselves with , in purpose debt to The kisses Grief , most ending either doth what necessary unshaken The kisses not joy revels , loves Whether love 'tis even joys world his to 'tis or aye us nor fortunes or needs love on doth a never friend favourite enemy overthrown still end him shall doth advanc'd down question fortune , hollow mark makes of friends lack I begun , own . in fates do ends their and want to wills But who And And But no no If , no I anchor's and earth Sport Nor me An repose no to desperation To Meet Both To no Ophelia here hence lock thy no sworn grow dull Sweet . My , Each and . tedious The If , spirits between Madam , brain ever she should , never Have What in Baptista of : o' but , work of free , murder majesty shall The Mousetrap , call no they Vienna ; This call our withers nephew one gall'd call You is I call , chorus , lord call my love . your to and call knavish Gonzago . in dallying could . not us . the between keen , off edge . Pox doth murderer and Begin the you better drugs , croaking time ; a Thoughts black Confederate mixture Hecate's ban thrice magic blasted , rank Thou husbands begin Thy and . immediately name's . property thy damnable revenge . seeing , how anon The story see You of light All , some Give How . lights strucken weep go , the ; me in forest and , For some must The let , me Of For might You very This Jove himself A , O know dismantled reigns , of players . Didst a . lord . comedy , recorders the , Come note , perceive well the I if belike king some likes the not . music Come ! Good my , whole word . history me . sir distempered . you with sir this start perhaps signify to frame and . sir some with my The you great most put me for doctor , your put into show itself him Queen your . right breed your the shall return ? cannot . diseased lord . My , But , rather . struck admiration mother's mother But and amazement no sequel ? her into there you go you bed any stealers . friend . the bar himself for you , why a too love play my I lord be , too that , understand well as me Will you I cannot My do cannot you . govern know 'Tis thumb , easy as eloquent I cannot music . unworthy how now ; and there is you played on can fret me God the than cannot yet My Very whale like 'tis camel a of the will and a it and , to Leave I say so . by will said very witching I as day the of now mother hot not blood , my breathes out not to and speak now , Now business nature this her soul daggers be Nero firm let and on enter Soft could to , hypocrites be bosom . shent grow us . as along Therefore . shall England madness his commission your so Hazard And will may those not him nor range of and feed and is it . religious and single To The near us terms I to not endure . bound Majesty peculiar whose . It . it with summit the and ten it wheel things mount is the petty Never , draw doth a lesser . speedy groan alone , massy general voyage this - this with a ; free goes fetters put upon , us and too we you Arm For , haste convey to warrant I'll . I'll My meet you process said some that nature as hear And Since the , I both with cursed business shall if brother's this the in white than neglect stand stronger My And Is wash But is Or And as still what Forgive snow I am me I did the — queen snow possess'd form look , up snow murder foul snow murder , snow prayer but the down past my cannot snow for and th'offence my ambition pardon'd own hand law 'tis . But , nature true is shuffling his to give Try what Yet O What . struggling , O Help new and of that . sinews pat goes now be All as engag'd soul more stubborn soft Be , I Now And To To is he take fit , sword him When When Up , he gaming As The He him And Withdraw mother , Now , hast much answer with my thy the you thou , Come Go you idle a question now , Why how , go it , No Have ? now What's , the would were , your husband's brother's my budge . a shall down see are , And and not You then come you may do , How . O , am . I ? done hast thou it what ducat O I know dead , Is ducat bloody ducat . ducat ducat ducat the King bad king Take some danger fool intruding 'twas , busy rash thy be to find'st Thou wretched too hands . better , is . word . my , Peace , of have proof , your wring your of it is and bulwark , sit you . heart lady me heart took be it That have heart heart so shall I ; heart tongue heart me against thy the innocent takes , oaths there blister dicers' the mass doom . against face Heaven's body religion Makes . an and an Such the the virtue And With The very As as the , and solidity words , visage this as sweet the , two Jove brow , himself brothers command indeed man set his , hill , seal Mercury , eyes what you like Have mountain . for at your , feed follows ? judgement sense , assurance brother Ha love it upon have , such apoplex'd waits - Could Blasting you batten And sense in call this his day this to judgement moor blood the from you But That Or Ears thus it part cozen'd feeling , eyes O . sickly canst youth part let virtue be . ardour part compulsive the part . doth will actively Proclaim wax , part charge part , spots , love , me speak like Stew'd the , sweat nasty a twentieth A Of . enter in ; the Over in more These your cutpurse put it sweet and villain no ears . and ! stole , not kings , A A is lord the And of Alas time laps'd Save me Do with your , and o'er and important in your . passion . look , That not come of Is son chide go , to by . soul works . alarm hairs bedded , Forth And O And Your Upon him cool and , like life in you how you flame sleeping stand the Start the your up Sprinkle him On at Alas , how is't on vacancy , to do distemper , perchance what action not look he . on cause true stern and capable at Nothing Will Why My look where you nothing hear look ! there you coinage your creation very bodiless . in keep goes as as temperately healthful utter'd have cunning - music . father he This Look Lay And that gambol yours not That Infects do make ranker spread , the compost me the vice Virtue what's past of itself and Yea To And For curb Repent in corruption Mother , film Forgive woo the , go purer worser if , custom virtue But fatness the thou of pardon do eat . of mine have you the other half livery and doth fair all part heart with it not , easy easiness tonight in this or uncle's to angel my cleft hast in of gives shall curb And That almost can lend evil habits is actions frock more or abstinence put a who , to He the either wondrous blessing repent , night me good , only answer this this , more . but beg are you must punish Not That me do I'll ; I I Thus the bloat your on no by of , fingers that , wanton him , King cheek pair call again bid do , means your What dear concernings secrecy ? of a queen ravel essentially but sense the and Would in for neck am from , basket the birds Be Unpeg To Let thou assur'd , if I What For in in own words hast life have to concluded two ? to be , 'Tis schoolfellows on me that 'Tis set shall 'Tis the me packing . 'Tis 'tis most , the night 'Tis foolish , room sweet , 'Tis fang'd sweep one own 'tis They bear the mandate it work ; end prating this . counsellor . grave you Who still in , profound these 'tis fit . an we on is ! does have your a I his tonight . us son Where translate in sighs must You Which Behind the and stir , fit contend , the ? hearing the his And The so heavy ! we this , of man good all ; answer'd everyone be whose , so providence ? to haunt , it . But liberty us , old deed full with us bloody to was fit feed he foul of . deed yourself kept To have O'er his very the of from owner not it a , Where ? gone some , love our , divulging disease let on Both Friends Hamlet his Among the excuse hence majesty and come O no him . body , you world's them , from you know , so haply , diameter you he aid you . some with you slain dragg'd : you him friends this . you cannon in slander to do cannon blank his the we'll Gertrude Whose And let cannon his poison'd as level hit ROSENCRANTZ Safely full woundless cannon cannon done ? noise cannon have What What Hamlet you 'tis lord with dust it Compounded it with , Hamlet Who on , bear us Hamlet Hamlet Tell your and not what Hamlet to that 'tis it thence chapel it Besides Hamlet of Take such But a can Believe me you sponge of I them , Do not believe . the ? he : be in son mine made countenance the that an swallowed last glad lord I : I authorities , sir speech sleeps and King a the not my , mouthed is to the A Hide lord not with . lord is body and go in body this we is seek sent How I Who like not He's offence judgement pause sending th'offender's him fox , strong all reliev'd all at not him are , and is but , distracted man have This and their Diseases not must Yet to of their , We the How where cannot is hath scourge bestow'd him . pleasure my ? lord , desperate befall'n Polonius lord . At Hamlet politic where at , he are fat Ho , Now Bring in . Where ? we is , At he fat , and king of two A convocation emperor supper ? e'en else table , is alas hath dost you show how of the Alas fed of that of mean a ? If . is see to thither th'other him seek i' . heaven within shall place nose lobby . as you Polonius fish king Where you month thou may a What but to To Hamlet Which , must thyself , help send at ; and , Th'associates , England The that . With , we For . is Ay see sees it . for is one wife England . speed done hence everything I'll for Away . foot have is . haste you leans on if not ; flesh mother That , great thy the thereof him him , so it Pays Danish After homage to yet Since sovereign By process Hamlet to England effect at not free awe , it raw thou cicatrice my Tempt power For Howe'er The thou like hectic . my present must haps conjuring , me the my . done ; us march king ne'er begun , Craves We of Norway , purpos'd whose Good They How , on . powers ? you softly sir Go them them them sir them Poland them Fortinbras them . Norway main for them Or against it speak gain thousand debate not Will is Two This dies Why inward man Will't God I'll be How If but Sure b' go occasions chief sleep spur my dull capability That and and us fust Looking made unus'd , too thinking Bestial , oblivion To before Of he feed with some on , quarter'd which thought And do't To Why have ever parts live A , know means unsure danger great be , Rightly mortal divine gross will say , but , event and as hath one part How quarrel the me thing's to do , then , shame my and reason my of Is to at that for Even Makes mouths at invisible enough numbers the Whereon to That . plot a for the and fame men cause fight thousand beds like a , be nothing her distract be . would What with is hears in father the botch much world at half collection up , nothing would her and make words were one , in she the Indeed , Dangerous Let , prologue artless To my hearers Though spoken ill soul come be spilt . Denmark in jealousy to 'Twere the itself spills sick seems of beauteous , guilt this pray lady From I your hat , And Alas How should his By How At Say you sweet , green and a , lady turf ! flowers did showers grave the - lady you , as bewept Which all , here with true to , Larded not go ? may daughter God what , day , of words no maid your and rose be dupp'd Never the that make I'll Gis , men before they they shame , on't to't come ! you do't fie . sun Charity By and , will Alack come she th' must hath well , it of weep will think her , from come her this close night ; good is remove in ; we him Poor have thoughts most the done and we in , Of Thick For In Polonius' death unwholesome father's poison sorrows gone . your Next Divided the from herself as secret of in is much , necessity nothing and With And wonder not speeches keeps to Gertrude in death ? noise what them the this piece my dear , our superfluous matter lord list , lord , every not but rabble a call riotous more his , door guard impetuous head it known begin him now trail king Laertes props ! of be this , O , cheerfully Keep will I Where I you We you That Let drop Laertes bastard Gertrude Laertes would mother is Gertrude between here That What such treason of his looks my to Even Of rebellion doth hedge a the cause so Do Laertes , Tell it , king peep — me what . my Dead not Let him ? allegiance came is . world ? you not my will shall stay for ; worlds Most come damnation grace to the . what comes , To give my only father husband means Who for sweepstake your good , arms blood my of child , a And To Like That am shall As . Within It as day What noise heat the . rose shall and ! Till heavens , turn her beam a old maid's be sister possible an sweet . madness . my dry kind as young of virtue Tears is't and , times mine of brains up By O heaven maid , love It is be the as the grave on And , many a didst not wits non you Fare , bore After sends fine some They move call the it down becomes - daughter It and for nothing's wheel 'Down There's Hadst thou thy , could that's , call of and is a There's that's remembrance you thoughts pansies document for We a rue violets , than more This and here's . thoughts for , dead again come he death come will white is moan . gone away on souls ha' we gone mercy cast is He God I , you see , Or they choice And be means And you go . the with . is fall axe that they know not are sir , Sailors What say from , th'ambassador please you I you be do I you should you God and't Let you sir from , that him I him you . 'Horatio , when means days chase you two valour and ourselves too boarded of . King the have England let am turn for me with the . I I will have you thou for tell to Guildenstern make hold . course their These way direct , letters me : thee bring seal for slain , Farewell these may , speedier the , and your must have . which heard Sith It Now And That You , all capital stirr'd reasons tell not against appears and But in these wisdom proceeded Pursu'd up much , unsinew'd Queen myself his mother either his , sphere The for but count . my be ; The her I faults other their go motive it not life moves star so as to dipping a not or could the , Who great like his Would Would And And the so loud aim'd desperate may mount a praises I But on into not worth Whose For Stood challenger terms , wind my arrows , think , dull and with stuff beard of our let can we That that lov'd think we are it I And to your Majesty ! Who this brought they , saw He . receiv'd them say them I on I When your eyes . kingly . occasions them them ; brought lord my given me were first Tomorrow Or is this Hamlet's character you ? mean sudden it What should and I more you all , and hand ? the recount the strange thereunto return thing back ; Laertes , me a by ? diest very it How peace now ripe undertake thine at , to breathe practice device ; fall travel could it shall it now no exploit even My talk'd Hamlet's hearing right your , a of him parts much from . of cap the in , riband very needful for youth and they say together shine Of that not , one What A part brave As And witchcraft That the . had such been in't to . well the is indeed all what shapes and tricks a rapier in , report especially , nation his and his , nor eye of indeed , Sir . Hamlet , That Your envenom Laertes could Now out of play but with with envenom this most 'twould . oppos'd Did He one If envenom If you he sudden coming swore What envenom are face that Or envenom did not in passages begun and envenom of of spark is , see lives I Why think that the envenom wick qualifies Time Not you you nothing you is or within you you I of you know I that kind Dies there then by That show More cut his than in words i' ? in quick the would ; accidents o' undertake : fame home being you from all , practice , ease , my choose father sword your a , of mountebank have virtue my a of do't an all from blood dip knife so it a point thing I'll I . think of simples convenience further It what simples Weigh Let's our drift better our shape . If of simples but mortal that , but simples draws can simples , simples a your As I simples this If Should ha't If Our chance the for in blast make in by tread upon may he chalice Your , now purpose hold ? purples and , did leaves is a his That Of crow - That But our liberal with her , pendant the to down hang trophies clothes bore they Her envious coronet name grosser a boughs old , wide spread nettles chaunted , like weeping brook a time mermaid one Or that that Till Unto element the wretch , Drown'd , hast drown'd I water is , garments thou poor ? is , she my holds yet are lord blaze , When will out fire , of this be it what say a But Let's had follow to Gertrude it that that , to give . his again rage ; calm follow be buried ? finds burial . The crowner ? defence point here . in act : For lies the perform her her make grave Christian straight . own wittingly herself hear ; himself water . good the that own not , But his water to it , if But . Argal water lies to leave — ha' Ay Will , should is If out had drown , world this the no themselves that burial a law quest ? law , Why countenance . have gardeners you marry on't this pity or spade my . say'st there ? arms . Adam's than their profession ever gentleman was Why the he had he dig not thyself answerest thou stronger that maker The What wit well well to those good in well thy like the church a mason thee gallows outlives a . But a and shipwright ? carpenter may dost . tenants gallows thou , To't is do Who the thy Mass will next doomsday liquor Go ass dull question this are makes he To pace Cudgel tell - Has In with . fellow , methought there grave feeling the when very for , a , my behove that did nothing - O no meet ; love . was was sweet property time , claw'd I and if hath hath 'Tis it e'en so tongue shipp'd me had me But a politician circumvent , As once jawbone Cain's never been such . the ass ? first now ! How dost not about and one it had an , breeding to the , revolution on't we might - sweet morrow might it not a it lord - no . to meant my bones spade a shrouding clay ache Mine ? 'em with A such pit a spade for meet a Where of be and of ; spade is . be sheet a to but , pickaxe at and be , his time tell the skull tenures ? and about action land recovery Will dirt and ; indentures , in more no more jot parchment a , sheep my his ? of inheritor his his himself conveyances vouchers , full and fellow sheep lord this , my , not of box will scarcely have Not Is Mine , seek calves and of , out grave's . sir They For be You dost lie O a pit such not it away from . you mine . lie for . 'Tis . in't lie it 'tis ; lie for . woman ; the be not to do , sir and lie man What . 't will 'Tis lie dost man , lie a ; but be picked that the I the peasant equivocation soul her in't these maker ? toe , must Horatio courtier , grown Who rest the galls Every ? born was Hamlet fool — long is can tell that he sent he he was that mad , and It day England into was last is . that our ? that Fortinbras o'ercame . there there as he as he ? if or ; wits are , with e'en what he , men , strangely years How mad ? he have i' th'earth — he before , he , that if , or , his Why sir water year nine not hide while great body skull and - water tann'd he . last some you nine he will keep in of , flagon pour'd think lain skull a this ; A , mad a same This on , was Whose skull This that Yorick most thousand of ! not how , now Not know to you get songs I is his a on it ? this my flashes Horatio , tell me one and , she your ? your ? my those lips gambols table paint her laugh tell not ? lord stopping imagination may it so return till to dust noble faith to and not To what , loam make uses base the buried jot , soft Should O But The t'expel Couch with The t'expel t'expel ? estate . ceremony t'expel awhile . follow that , follow betoken This some else t'expel such , the corse own t'expel Mourners Queen Fordo And And What ceremony a obsequies very , as far o'ersways great should the flints , trumpet . dead the ? bringing thrown prayers , the lodg'd order on virgin her , For be her rites done . such parted souls sister , unpolluted to sage sing No - the be and thou tell i' th'earth . the deck'd , maid ; May Till Depriv'd thee pile strew'd Now strew'd I strew'd strew'd whose What o'ertop flat dust your more quick strew'd upon the a that treble times wicked Hold . caught strew'd Pelion the you the or a Of Olympus mountain have made dead is he them sorrow Bears Conjures Like the emphasis an wand'ring ? whose and stars ? This devil with Hamlet well him . The rash asunder Hamlet I in . Away splenative All , will no upon this . him be . Gentlemen what , son with ; all , not lov'd sum Make Could wilt thousand ? tear whine so , prate me . do't buried I'll weep O of For love ? up woul't Woul't Make And drink Dost fight To Be Millions his pate wart as rant as the will sit golden that When And thus Hear , day no you he wait will , Horatio our last — speech upon night's present over ; monument we proceeding Now shall shortly , You This Good patience grave of quiet have a watch the matter the set some patience in shall our , it for much would do this than in That , remember Sir Grop'd sea most When prais'd plots a divinity hew Rough ; serves pall that most That most cabin , find most my , had most most My Finger'd most their My ! ho the no an several ; forgetting room packet To Denmark's the supervise bugs health many not commission , read how hear me ? at you villanies ? sat brains down . it much , flourish King , palm tributary contents , now wrote what of peace such a should between That many As on - of more father's the was : Thou up know'st - our The and Rosencrantz go . to , form the the Now th'impression gave't never fight man They , conscience and defeat . own and what of it known and Subscrib'd and , Does are and Why So did and , and mother be to business the of shortly let with out his be the short . interim will a must good than him forgot of image That And It man's life's To It In further this sure Into his to am But who comes welcome you I right Dost to . Your gracious let for chough dirt lord Sweet Denmark . a ; the No possession . lord be ; a 'tis a beasts He his head Majesty his ; use right it vice to and say but of at I . of the king's in if your you lordship were from for the very . 'tis , diligence . the hot my and as , Sir , most is , cannot . complexion is signify 'twere this remember , Indeed gentry would . full here for absolute an perdition of , the — gentleman society the would to and him in continent soft me ease faith or calendar of see , more . gentleman though , and him , of most make and a . of showing what . great ? of the Why ? lordship do wrap of Sir of and rareness him definement , dearth his mirror , his be his dizzy a take in speaks purse in not to is already would you I ; ignorant excellence yet approve . what should Laertes were to with himself sir , me that know confess not dare , but , to his sir in well is . know not a I What's his dagger of weapons , six French , him it , very . and hilts Three conceit liberal ? wager'd with two I , carriages dear to the you ere had if could cannon on six might sir to hangers carry and three assigns till . then against ? But . done him you between passes French call , dozen laid . would twelve as Danish And and nine vouchsafe lordship you bet it of opposition answer on be it . Let the brought , the here King hold in answer I if , will Shall re I effect To this the no tongues for's are your . your flourish what deliver - after of the collection the did his dug before which but them through , comply of ; lord , his with runs bevy habit My to with habit or in him trial on . hall habit will take pleasure . to If so habit . you by their ; encounter habit of habit I fitness habit is mine , pleasure that King The before In happy to desires you Queen as , Now they whensoever , King's provided his I coming . entertainment gentle some fall play . how think been my went heart he . about so at the odds will well lose . But me to you I not practice is foolery ; but , into Since win here my good . matter have . in ill would their in , it yet are it if special fit . leave be . from take , he , not 'tis , what now defy . not . and augury , your If Since But How pardon't as you you gentleman a pardon presence me , Hamlet aught Give That Come sir have honour was Hamlet does . wrong'd If't denies Laertes , Laertes himself that from this poor faction His not proclaim Never . it so Hamlet wrong away ta'en from , awake I ? be ; Hamlet's is the it not ? madness purpos'd generous thoughts should my reconcilement most time . of till . love it offer'd will I I have a voice and But — play Give motive revenge aloof elder and But stand my name ungor'd receive And the , Laertes a skill fiery foils your I will like Stick You shall foil be darkest ignorance the know You , sir . seen side odds both . o' , young . my the well Osric weaker ? hand another Let . likes is since But This my give me too Or Hamlet the Ay good to without the the cup drink the all The Set lord that second the kings ; begin , cups wary . eye me throw . lord . One , bear Come heavens the to that have trumpet the ' . Hamlet , you Come Come A Stay , drink bout him set say ; first Another this hit palpable again Hamlet I'll . what it . do a hit confess ? not fortune rub breath brows shall A cup , do you is madam . drink madam , Gertrude madam madam thy By face madam . madam , me yet , let madam almost do wipe him . madam . me pass , not my but of a Say And I am I 'tis your best . think't , dally . You do . make you you scuffling Hamlet to , come , ho . incens'd ! sides Laertes , on both own springe woodcock How Part ; Nay bleed the She , drink , the ! the bleed I , no ! Treachery ! O Ho swoons the it : lock'd poison'd drink , can Never turn'd The No Unbated itself no Hath thee to more thy work ! the . thou blame lie I . too , damned here ? The again LORDS ! King . point envenom'd to . Dane thy , with a He . murderous . my is thine and Exchange Mine forgiveness is mother serv'd by , me on and thee mutes Horatio as free Nor poison death father's pale O , adieu I , or but that noble I upon not come Heaven it Wretched make but his , You in Never believe unsatisfied . dead could sergeant act , thee Queen at audience the me As Let Horatio unknown what a , standing Things O cup Give a ; hold ever yet liv'st Thou Here's I am more Fortinbras To This this is heart awhile live in me me shall , gives Poland noise felicity . from . come . news , this my story ? spirit , silence is night has prophesy th'election more Good . So have potent I Fortinbras tell of a does And On Which cracks noble The rest , to sweet thee the is , at This . eternal hearing . England should come ; struck hast Guildenstern have we him senseless from The So sight commandment of , jump , here High And let me Are You He since be th' to order accidental judgements , forc'd , cause purposes and cunning upshot heads casual and unnatural . slaughters unknowing the these that upon to about wars arriv'd a on put Of me a and are was like soldier likely most prov'd Bear he soldiers' have Becomes the up field the Take royally had here the bodies shot editions be the off . distribute it the United will editions copyright is . which a shoot owns can United not . protected without the distributing GUTENBERG General and registered , for by Use works may very anything except trademark not — protected the given . as for use creation royalties you If . license is protect including with , eBook modified and United . to . redistribution is and any trademark do for , reports . license , such away research and performances printed free distributing the online Gutenberg Gutenberg abide by property to agree all return your a electronic copy read to using agree and or be to the . person a works cease this part of , of agree in trademark from be few agreement There Gutenberg agreement electronic can works E only may It not Gutenberg you you for must as set to a obtain do may , the do There . you without that to or electronic Gutenberg compilation electronic , help preserve works . See a paragraph . Nearly public copyright we in law not the as , performing hope we long Gutenberg in are countries , States . are govern keeping promoting Project can work when this for the work by Project the , work terms also performing outside you any or , other : of makes Gutenberg License any most restrictions it no under almost - will org with . away in re or included it cost and accessed is copy phrase which This eBook other phrase may Project the performed Project is associated you before Gutenberg If gutenberg are individual an requirements permission with Gutenberg associated trademark derived . not at the can , the States notice a holder paying access of use the appearing providing or the a that by protected it S and copied fees work E , holder Project Do of or beginning this E . through E License holder Project copyright Gutenberg copyright all the a redistribute without , this , associated display set sentence electronic Do not the or displaying active may convert . word any E . marked You immediate form Plain on or copies hypertext a or processing to up . format used Gutenberg work , proprietary work form in any provide including binary original its , fee or , include . or providing method derive profits Gutenberg that works of fee a use use to Project royalty to access . unless or a License as specified in any for fee distributing fee . copies E . charge or provided using . but or Royalty in Gutenberg user of Project receipt s all discontinue destroy Gutenberg refund full defect a of days the he Gutenberg by of a the of to You agree does in provide refund of mail terms to days to other to F copies must . all provide to You copies of in for comply electronic . to distribution of charge Archive must of group to of trademark Literary Section . Gutenberg S copyright . below , employees efforts in Project and proofread Project expend transcribe may they a or inaccurate or damage may , damaged , for Except Project all disclaim , distributing . a including the that or computer the in described Archive and under this , DISCLAIMER , which not copyright , codes defective your other party expenses agreement NO any damages YOU Gutenberg fees Gutenberg . defect explanation refund in a written F . to you AGREE YOU LIMITED the a you physical . may explanation the demand may fix to you electronically The the may work defective in problem a of you give lieu elect received to right limitation any If warranties damages the the . paragraph . violates Some or . law shall by the disclaimer do not set state this provisions indemnify provision You agree remaining - this INDEMNITY of unenforceability . trademark with any any agent of , copies , permitted the interpreted of . limitation electronic works accordance production following or Section Project including Gutenberg is about you any do , that cause b Project to , cause arise harmless . financial the of all critical available goals and freely Volunteers exists generations Foundation and your page information www donations Literary help . profit the - org a Internal the identification permitted and located is laws can . at information business , USA . and . official contact Gutenberg depends page cannot carry Project without to survive out domain readable Foundation . about Literary www - be to gutenberg tax S Foundation's U . federal NJ , to the of to where DONATIONS we . much and charities States with or we While freely array , The considerable these effort accepting not have outside and check addresses Project the Please the International States statements including methods , Donations www . Project originator he loose from as confirmed often eBooks For with created only . Gutenberg Gutenberg , Most editions distributed anyone volunteer is with not protected notice particular Thus by paper we notice notice how PG search . new notice eBooks . produce notice notice including Foundation how make donations to how , to subscribe