answer me ? and unfold there ! King ? the . He struck 'Tis now relief Not Well you , and ? to And , O farewell has honest what , Say Welcome What I will And Touching Horatio us Therefore With watch the sight I this minutes entreated again That , Tush And yond Where Peace In Thou a same off it now his burns , t'illume beating where . one bell then The , break thee Look King that's it it wonder Horatio . and that thou march See it stalks buried ! It is ! on't ! believe ! not you , Of Is Such smote twice jump he thought to scope and gross some eruption to of work I our , he most and subject of implements of tell me the sore the day me - Sunday the daily for shipwrights not might is't can inform with ? so goes now can the but know prick'd At Did Well this ratified with the he , slay Dar'd For Did Which His Was been gaged And he fell Hamlet mettle of skirts unimproved Of Hath As That a terms recover of compulsatory and a up Shark'd this post And The I the star of stands , dead sheeted Roman the empire to the in Disasters As Was And even sick sun almost like the prologue And heaven preceding fierce events fates comes it where sound ! hast If any though Speak any good Speak That there blast thing me or me . use grace be and , ease to privy to thy . me to to , to it , Stop it of it to stand will . with to ! walk , Stay , thou happily O hast , to in to partisan to , so ! gone 'Tis do it it the the , his Whether Upon then it . It Some This present confine faded Wherein The our that Saviour's of singeth birth 'gainst that crowing ever dawning say no wholesome then , witch nor spirit dare night long planets ; abroad . it , advice clad my , this and loves pray I be of Let's Though yet Cornelius memory our , of and grief brow fought . queen state a one we have delight with defeated dirge dole marriage , in and freely our . Fortinbras of uncle bed purpose rid , to hears writ , scarcely , dispatch , the here we proportions in for this time have that and : no greeting subject , haste commend than old Norway Voltemand , your allow . farewell What , scope duty . power the show what's with heartily we and what's , us cannot your what's shall You of be my What speak not . more to to what's not beg Laertes , Denmark what's done to ? what's mouth thy Laertes to to return what's of reason , thou and what's your bend toward ; duty France . pardon coronation Polonius says , seal'd slow leave seal'd . to and seal'd will son kind thine ! seal'd . seal'd seal'd . sun off Denmark , seal'd lids . much seal'd i' colour . the too nighted like ever that to common . grief of seem ; Hamlet father for lost and some But to show nature to your his , filial obsequious , know lost but These 'Tis To father must and . do In Of An shows a . obstinate . stubbornness , condolement course persevere . heaven is 'Tis . a incorrect unschool'd ; common . as sense and , heaven nature theme and earth and and and and eye our you in . For bears and dearest impart with that I and And You chiefest Here pray stay , 'tis Let in I shall Be Why gentle you not , reply . madam whereof , a Everlasting too too the . O not had of ! fie me Oh on't merely seed ! self . excellent a a ; beteem winds of my hang loving was to to and the ? remember By Let me not — Why too As it A what little which followed — my . those shoes father's , she Frailty or on if Than to I Ere yet ! all A month on't , think With , beast longer , that she tears ; Hercules the Had married It But is My dexterity sheets , my like father unrighteous galled , eyes to ! to hold you well forget do I good . ever lord myself . poor same , glad good name friend you Horatio ? even . lord . you make , hear you shall yourself came to to your drink see follow'd funeral The my seen that dearest foe in tables marriage upon hard mother's father's you ere your . meats Horatio all he in again like a . yesternight . all his saw him father may , ear your the an Season marvel attent Upon This With For Two Marcellus encounter'd Armed Appears slow By the Been before them thus In Within Almost his and jelly and dreadful they , had third secrecy the with , the hands comes . are not knew word These The like your ? this more was ? methought did ; did morning speak it and , I morning morning address in . morning morning morning morning morning troubles but BARNARDO my and , tonight . me this watch the do We Arm'd My lord Then yes my lord , from not you his his he look'd , What beaver . it long Stay'd tell . a in life it his I I I ? I I I I I ; you , well , ye well were still spirit arms would to : foul , soul o'erwhelm sit Though then Till all earth them embark'd winds is But you doubt ? benefit from . do , you not , give Farewell toy of that a youth sweet , primy of permanent Do a it in not No No and The Grows wide now no himself weigh'd of And and inward The withal subject his soil subject will subject Perhaps subject must Then so his in head . wisdom subject the he main subject with If subject , it subject of of of of of May of Or what of loss credent , or you of list importunity dear desire . not brother not , not not not not not , not ; for shame blessing with , sail . leave double a upon smiles Aboard , of , thy his act vulgar means adoption tried . steel voice . Beware . being but beware , reserve thy judgement . can ; proclaims , apparel France of , generous and , the , best chief rank lender , rich , be friend husbandry the . be true day . thee any night to as , my not invites I blessing : take my go , leave your to my shall . hath of lock'd keep is't , Ophelia And 'Tis Affection , my my between lord Of me a ! in his such speak perilous , like . green girl them , know heaven lord . love a fool . to go hath importun'd fashion me it honourable . call countenance given almost the springes vows burns , how holy to blood to , Ay Believe And be with Than As The would not , to't to , words so in Breathing better Do not his dye implorators sanctified beguile plain terms any the this all . show suits time pious bawds from slander talk you ; with obey air It is eager ; is charge my an air it of ? it a bites very . season , rouse Rhenish thus . out , lord my upspring down of bray swaggering pledge it the . phrase indeed east other swinish with nations west observance and is custom a native ; I than revel breach , am attribute ; and achievements drunkards takes of at our nature particular perform'd of they are , manners form by down some of and traduc'd addition though and it height of in chances vicious of complexion origin his of the o'ergrowth and of choose , of nature of of some plausive say , stamp star grace , of — of of . To all the general they Fortune's of be may censure substance it heaven shape from , goblin comes hell , Dane Dane , death Dane me Hamlet Dane tell Dane answer but thee Dane sepulchre , this complete Dane nature , of Dane we with . alone impartment go did desire removed it you by not , No not speak will Why Do , not It I It And for What beetles And might draw You Go on It so more Hold ; Be By I , heaven He call'd make ! him imagination this issue . Go on — not what fit 'tis in rotten Heaven is Have wilt Whither lead When me To I . almost up poor thy is and myself , tormenting forbid lightest word , blood house I of , their from thy to on . whose that young not , dear List . thy ever didst of To ears Murder But rots not stir out that , in in in sleeping so process the of thou thy whole ear my be apt than revenge shouldst And That Now noble my . father's Denmark . his hear his his , his his his mov'd , his his radiant . morning ; will poor to were never and a , a decline vow with the even hand in I soft let My Upon juice in swift it body droppings did into posset of blood , alleys of , it man ; mine and the through courses it instant , in of off even , Cut With Let the for not couch nature bed , thee of damned in ! royal luxury nor let and thou her sting - Adieu , glow And To prick And all to shows pale , The 'gins heaven stiffly distracted this But you And shall O I And wipe Yea of That , All Within saws books , and book O youth So Within Hillo , So , ho Illo ho , you'll , my in dwelling all . lord ? MARCELLUS and be secret . knave arrant To ghost he's heaven circumstance so I hath business your ; you man every is it as , as hold and we i' are desire whirling you heartily . there my but ghost honest an , Yes much desire know is let what , now good and soldiers will . I . faith my my , my sworn have Indeed , Cries the hear thou under sword stage upon Upon . sword , swear cellarage the in . Art fellow ? so sayst you this Consent Propose Hic And Never your hands this . my . you sword work remove more stranger it earth , good strange ? But . and , never , soe'er shall philosophy so I your a heaven in in odd perchance put such times disposition or some 'We giving or doubtful not help you note do — your Swear . spirit commend lack so your love perturbed Hamlet us go your you pray . your together your . your your your it to joint fingers his on your . go together Reynaldo , intend did very well first said And , know Than By your encompassment particular this ; lord My Enquire they do — know you ' I if't mean there and ' ; friends him of mark and in As him' part do my , wanton , liberty . on so that , heed fencing You that you may another scandal and . quaintly , mind , Of may general in seem and The That not savageness flash : the of a lord outbreak they good good good good good The good good good to so or youth Having , According ' you closes 'Good sir By , good to 'gentleman . I leave ' ' , rouse . a house there out falling him brothel a , bait thus do , gaming at such or we of falsehood And Your Or then Videlicet windlasses My . my indirections former have I my have fare Good my my Alas my , my Farewell my lord , was doublet unbrac'd my my , my my ? my , ankle each his stockings sewing his head and down - his purport of loosed thy other to by What said love , he been for Mad speak of horrors I o'er brow , it hard face his my me arm , eyes , go , me turn'd seek go the me love , will will our given hard am to under desperate itself of to property very I to leads Whose is violent the oft did to to access and mad heed to him me did words heaven to . him lord to . letters but to as his ; any to you denied but my our age jealousy King . you , provoke to and dear hate , Come which hide to to close Moreover his from . of , humour with his here your days so time , to on Some To Whether aught as him little neighbour'd open'd , much So draw being cannot much To he I , he , more Good And within our remedy him , glean afflicts may lies unknown That Your by As , Than Might pleasures your Both your power fits a shall pleasures pleasures . command of pleasures majesties to We our pleasures give To lay pleasures My too both be ourselves pleasures here up , obey , pleasures Guildenstern son make Pleasant pleasures To . Thanks Thanks . bring Heavens . been ? you Assure . my hold my duty lord I . my . liege King sure so else my hold my of mine have . brain , found : good , policy I that of or — and , them , of sweet , to my fruit th'ambassadors ; feast . brother our ? Norway ! that your all queen him . suppress sent levies To His It , good our But give To Highness Highness Highness And Highness three commission crowns overcome his before arms , Highness Norway of uncle and brief fine joy , Highness Highness quiet shown the Polack pass . more Highness , fee those further employ him Whereon Gives So his as entreaty might your please it Through On likes think at you our us set are ; read , night . night night night home we'll well night what to , night night and . Your night to since , day majesty My night This should is nothing night will is't But matter be to that less art no , That But we pity let grant , mad 'tis , I swear I I I is I 'tis him for cause cause . I this art no A I foolish figure And I by remainder , the I phrase shall ; 'beautified' I be will I Hamlet ; the the to be sun sun madam Good am sun dear lady most love ill sun best these means sun solicitings show'd have I sun , doubt sun daughter this sun his , time to hath think receiv'd his of me she All out by given love What a this it daughter dear perceiv'd had I I Or Fell Thence And you , be time positively When there That If truth Within . four lobby . hours . I'll my the daughter him , her thereon not , it will try . state love fall'n a . carters and do . you give . lord a You are lord be to . lord man good a . as not but . my daughter blessing look He extremity . is love my read Yet , very far suffered — matter that you my , much a fishmonger What words that lack I plentiful men old , lord the is the the faces ; hams walk ? my air . Aside madness delivered of . him and my take more will I leave of ? sometimes his leave . and reason daughter life except . God there honoured My To go You excellent Rosencrantz On Happy Fortune's Nor cap about live , doomsday one ; there the o' many confines . wards , so it ; 'tis narrow too for your bad mind king dungeons of outstretch'd heroes fay I that it is dream a our a of itself our so ? the man sort you with make I . servants occasion dreadfully rest you no a it dear a halfpenny Come poor thanks my your enough to anything of , you must - by teach . the I the looks , King me end and and for we eye no even of To Guildenstern and wherefore of goodly ; of but of exercises of , I of then My of an lord of of tell secrecy in most , this canopy and late your no , a angel , in of an , the like world paragon lord My Why my did the players , you receive king from if you delight not to , when you his are the tickle players humorous his — offer We I stuff way Majesty blank or foil in , on shall service them what Lenten and tribute lover peace in th' verse ? residence Their better was both the city , such by ? such of the such reputation innovation late the ways such ? in such ? the such , such grow not ? rusty such is top fashion now call are on out These that wonted pace quills they and they but cry . are , indeed endeavour their berattle are of , quality children ? should no longer they they are most so , of grow no exclaim do controversy the question . Is't . own — better their writers sides was player for went ? throwing much carry it and of give his , forty and those , 'Sblood , could . out in if . hands Your Let me The you . are - come yours . deceived You southerly . gentlemen is too with Well , and be you there comes right prophesy lord are Buzz honour my , news have I My sir : for , tell come news unlimited . of writ law tragical O be too - pastoral he Why , treasure thou hadst ? loved right on Still The , Jephthah , me , my I , love , wot For well valanc'd my when young since I like you thee . is ? Denmark ! am glad see look , Masters than heaven fly , give the , French falconers Come lord never pleased , phrase the no in it fine . One thereabout the might as speech live your of : see in , resemble arms Pyrrhus , me it it it it it it it wrath in tyrannous with the mothers fathers it total Roasted with murders lend With like Priam you seeks the . good . gore Pyrrhus good and sword , discretion wide fell his strikes Ilium hideous stick . dreadful the thunder below . on sleeps he Prithee , loins upon clout A . down , th'alarm of seen with in treason have her then make a — robe up steep'd sport did tongue fear caught all , limbs she her pronounc'd made at that sword clamour of Pyrrhus not the passion mortal his gods with gods . of , tears — soon of well . bestowed have were the thee while report lord they will out And have see you death your used has not turn'd , the no colour let , of bad a players speak the . their according better . them better Use more the ? use his Murder ? could some in't of , not you . leave to Elsinore ye wi' God rogue and b' not monstrous own player dream of his visage slave peasant that in and , eyes , his his voice his in Tears should Had I That ? He general , and the indeed Yet I not property muddy eyes and Am I dear nothing whose defeat me villain was A dull beard gives and , and . my take nose the lungs ? it or , To 'Swounds the off by As Tweaks Why , That I , to an what my the ass offal slave's oppression pigeon should , Oh . all fatted ! This ! I whore am revenge a heaven my a I ! brain creatures - my Fie cursing scullion A like Prompted Must And a a to very so it organ the . The my , spirits and and and power hath he If devil and . quick and perhaps melancholy such King the the and . and have play's and circumstance this his no will himself to forward him find what With from And no on of why so he by ? well state you on some aloof sounded receive . means we a crafty true a , but of true his our reply true ? true certain true pastime these told true , true true , that in free question Most Madam fell the . as seem night To And raught he hear my all Good drive purpose , We we bestow their . lawful , encounter , accident seeing and ourselves father his And That your wildness To his That his Your 'Tis bestow you Ophelia his . of We are — Madam his We will much oft his his I , may . his Gracious To ourselves , Read exercise devotion's sugar . speech that himself do that with to visage this , question . troubles suffer : it most ! heavy to my . my , shocks the . rub come to say , mortal dreams this proud life of the man's scorns . time delay long . office the of love , unworthy , contumely There's whips calamity shuffled sleep be to Devoutly When For insolence sweat grunt he himself Who would weary after something under of a his and that bare patient For enterprises turn all not cowards hue of of those we , dread , rather returns the traveller to fly makes us does make pith their , cast currents . thought us know awry you orisons now yours well of , day , deliver . remembrances this my your I pray My humbly receive aught sweet their perfume you know for poor ; rich to more noble mind not No you . well right I My , you means your discourse ? lord Are beauty . beauty That What and fair your honesty can now but sooner commerce with transform from honesty of . did the to for bawd power , a This made believe gives time translate . of , force the sometime virtue deceived breeder accuse be a me you not inoculate our ? things have thy the play . he . Farewell lord sweet . to fool us crawling shape offences as ? none of and earth between Go that , heavens needs escape marry of make you monsters O men , go nunnery your make wise for a ; and yourselves creatures on't , quickly what enough snow , Or farewell powers heavenly go thou if restore him Farewell , marry . but all . tongue , you you given hath your me mad you , enough God married are and amble and , down and music and wretched reason blown of vows deject of of his out harsh , tune see have I ecstasy what spake affections the suck'd see Now The Th'observ'd And That of that of all I noble bells Like ? seen form jangled is what I youth sovereign most and and with like he be Will Whereon This something With Nor And We From fashion himself . do origin . and love neglected us , fit alone after as lord tell need you all hold his Of And To To Your England great as . all as , lines give it do players you to not , passion ; for Nor , it but I , had trippingly the you tear but nothing whipped fellow . overdone to that is now to of so the , noise most . the the o'erstep , but the warrant your the playing to pressure . the as of ; purpose the her you the and was the grieve of the we have that , and , make overdone but allowance cannot one laugh there and of censure O of have made men strutted , praise nor pagan well , neither , Nature's some , reform'd O more too to , lord my Here , Nay For That and , let no revenue do advancement thee what As O . good hope I may not lord I think from absurd of should , As A and passion's they not with ta'en blood man in for thee that equal thanks , And blessed are election choice are , been , those are wear I are will heart King soul occulted thy are my the circumstance foot a are his one we are in unkennel . of are comment If have as are him see'st that see'st we of will see'st stithy Give rivet his judgements face see'st foul , note see'st ; see'st playing . see'st see'st theft the is idle Polonius . feed Guildenstern you the , I play place others : our the you cannot words good actor a ? accounted enact kill'd . Brutus killed . Be . patience a th' What lord Julius a enact I , shall , lord Ay I meant my , nothing thought fair a Do you I You What Nothing . jig - only , I a , devil twice mother maker my cheerfully how , great he 'tis looks let , a with on long . O Nay ? hope lady by'r sables there's , the hobby - horse is lovingly of show her upon head and his returns with Marry , with Poisoner The lament Queen to seeming woos the know by shall show are For You any or , naught , you this Is prologue , woman's love As dozen moons times bands . our and in commutual many again from distrust far I Discomfort So But Make , women's , my , lord you For what And Now aught or love Yet though state : fear know done , too : are . grows so there doubts littlest great to , behind be let kill'd be but who wormwood marriage needs O confound husband In Such Aside second second time husband what , slave kisses kill , speak . enemies of mark , should for grieves with us question our 'tis The And who who And For want hitherto devices still enemy begun run own wed . light heaven contrary our , me , food lock me desperation anchor's and to give turn that would my nor and scope of strife , destroy I ever If she , pursue me lasting should and day tedious sworn My 'Tis To once opposite Each An Meet a have blanks widow . be it here would sleep fain me break , Sweet dull grow The Sleep how , between mischance too much protests lady her call word no ? call play name call , work Duke's . call call in call , withers call of touches not call call Let that . o' chorus wife what us unwrung . chorus chorus chorus the puppets chorus see chorus chorus chorus leave for agreeing revenge . weeds and of ban mixture your and mistake . apt rank Hecate's With , He extant the , poisons is What , How Give play . some All , lights strucken ungalled play , light Provincial . Damon dear was cry two in . a one , might have You ghost's ? I'll take the , and dost Jove , A Upon did talk well very well music note some like , belike , I ! Why vouchsafe , lord Good ha For it likes he music . with history whole a , retirement With my show put should into . with and , sir my I most in am to you great , doctor for itself from affliction return , the . not and answer are welcome right I . I my , Sir Make make a wholesome you no can more you thus Then Therefore she , says son wonderful desires shall speak to with she trade with you can that , so at , My And so do can How , lord Good door recorders Let to , Ay the lord if my wind , To drive , you me musty do why a into unmannerly ? most stops will , these mouth , to command . any unworthy a you utterance skill make is ; on be , to compass my me look , But now , seem sound thing me it music my you ; would you you cannot a much , me the , and almost cloud mass yonder that's 'tis it is like in with , presently shape camel . weasel whale fool . so , time of itself hot drink as nature , I could the enter cruel , consent . stands . nor range to commission of us near Out and ourselves fear it with safe with us , you you , not estate Hazard Dies What's Fix'd on the it near alone of spirit whose The like but . cease a It of spokes and sigh small whose not lives huge Attends mortis'd Did Arm To For will goes , said him wisely I'll Behind warrant I'll his to some speech The To O hath A It stand wash To what's But Were thicker neglect pause man where be . with What the in if shall this of offence force ? form twofold visage we Whereto , mercy — queen ! murder ambition ambition ambition ? ambition repent it our compell'd ambition ! ambition free rests ambition : steel ambition , Make as death of , heaven ; to goes is he well , And am villain sole stands him asleep and , th'incestuous is pleasure season'd , for ; of , fit , has That Or At , he drunk gaming , Then , Up heavy him with When he in him that As And hell trip that whereto but physic My words fly without . hath . Pray Within come him pranks straight you . Fear round him Grace I'll you warrant , Now , What's forgot now Have Why you , the how you answer with an wicked Hamlet a with Go are , by , not set you those rood , You you , set speak can , mother . help Draws ! King the bloody rash . I what deed Ay Thou thee find'st Thou Leave of wringing To And it me let I thy too damned If hands heart not custom be , and have of . be for , wring your made penetrable braz'd against , tongue wag , glow doth Heaven's contraction , the on two this command himself brothers . brow , on , picture , Mars like a curls eye every on a world god give was your A New A Hyperion's what An like grace the front was to and the The This Blasting Here Where is this day And hey from step You waits this to have the in could Nor apoplex'd Eyes in such a , hoodman What of so , is , a as wax bones all ? blush sense where matron's , hell in virtue mutine melt flaming youth in When Since Thou will I mine there As the Stew'd A These like speak more and Hamlet in enter mine more no me , daggers murderer slave shelf in . lord is not empire of rule diadem , pocket stole figure , chide lets your O of ! dread passion important , The acting forget . on fighting soul . lady , vacancy you wildly , on spirits in the in gentle O . of you thy do flame and . like your at Forth and the cool patience , him Sprinkle ! conjoin'd Look cause this . Then tears colour you speak you what piteous , Do for to do convert have . this ? blood see . brain . doth cunning coinage yours as pulse makes as This very of liv'd keep to music temperately It the is test not . word of ; Bring re madness , come to mining the me beg pardon Forgive the , spread ranker do what's avoid Confess yourself to this pursy my weeds , do . itself woo for cleft leave to of the worser the away Hamlet Yea , curb O the purer , thou throw . a And night Assume Good That to the use of next either you curb use wondrous potency and this will . and bles'd night out , same this hath their , So again worse be devil more For Once . be me , lord bid with that's craft essentially am of matter reechy you to bed mouse : again out , sober madness fingers , know , do the on basket fly try birds the , break , conclusions your words and , concernings if , life own the house's and a fair bat good you , him let , top would a gib breathe , basket creep . in life me no of to you , concluded thou What I had I England must lug man line moon O , meet . my schoolfellows fang'd , hard sweet their 'tis . end an mother . them profound your . with grave we tonight ! ' . the sea and rat this in , unseen The with so been liberty you To His , full to is O cries arras . rapier Behind of out And of of It had of be short it the To keep Even of man restrain'd us deed be out was much of of love , fit it , of kill'd is of ore gone disease our and , feed some , this , hence mountains ! for skill ! him . our . to slander , blank our . do and . and What What Who , Tell And Do own , the by be Believe not , 'tis that bear , you that an such — sponge can a replication believe son of : he ear but mouthed the his lord my , service , go not with after ! the goes on man to this strong find and him that judgement , the th'offender's distracted and all Hide to to put it have must not lov'd in so offence This Deliberate By How Where dead my lord , Without , the ! my . him Bring in . he where but supper At Hamlet , else your to the that hath thou go this that eat Alas one lean to fish may Nothing you place shall there . come . tender deed , The bark till is till till He Attendants till till you till especial we as , Therefore done till , thine we Hamlet that till this do , and England . prepare everything the and , ready Th'associates tend , England Ay Hamlet England . my is mother and Father ; foot Follow not I'll seal'd and him Pray is Tempt him aught done tonight make thou love sword — us Danish , cicatrice thy , And As Pays After homage sovereign Since great looks conjuring of hectic in . my his conveyance You of know aught would in . kingdom his express let We If , Good sir , Norway powers are How , They , sir , The it Or Goes to in ducats it , rate will yield it it shows thank no question sir . wi' God . you please and Will't be and revenge and occasions and you do ? feed and good sleep If but and Sure Be and before and , craven Now whether A such gave reason discourse . and means , charge exhort thing's and mass , earth such delicate Examples cause which ever yet I three And , do't Witness all Even To When greatly to How I dare great . then , see , stain'd a stand mother . I thousand . shame of and this continent . the , time worth needs needs she in her hears needs ; is ? needs and needs their spoken there needs nods they Her use collection words ; needs of speaks hems have needs heart , and . fit to and much may , move thought , shoon his hat staff what this and ? stone Ophelia — but mark you lord , here as Pray Alas look shroud White you but They know not , this of words Conceit , have a Saint , in betime your Valentine your rose , the be he the dupp'd Cock By Quoth do't Gis Young would So will You promis'd before they men , she thou weep hadst not come me , long We lay Follow night of , well would she , by yonder sun , to my bed . thus ; night . my night coach choose cannot brother good , you . Come I ; grief , it , single father and muddied violent , but Ophelia , done , come death First they Poor . him fair , judgement , many , haste door list of more impetuous head begin lord , word . ' . they false be and we ! shall be every not are doors — come , broke in give you pray We you , No . Danes you the me good calm , chaste my between Of What , can his of such treason little Let That cause thou cause cause cause cause cause cause cause Why my Where To what Most will , shall all husband I'll with far go hell , damnation worlds comes stay I , both come the Conscience My my you , your writ . so them certainty , arms revenge in is't and , you you good , like friends enemies . his but of 'pear , pelican of , death it of . of of for judgement . of . of ! of itself . of where old , of be rose paid by sweet O . shall virtue the some After Nature Should be sends as in thing precious love as young Ophelia the bier nonny my call It - thy Hadst And a , for ! wits you grave It and This is that's , fitted . here's and ; for remembrance love that's thoughts columbines there it . all , madness pray herb of There's for pansies and when end . is , my Robin to turns and affliction sweet There's a o' you for call wither'd they with . violets all Laertes Or choice they And They you must me whom and or , content , you you And Be To find Make of your 'twixt you and me hand , ours , call , soul burial o'er his . his ostentation in heaven . with is let great speak me you where I sir too him greeted from Let know not be should shall , from fellows valour clear chase Finding in , alone King haste ear matter make These hold and the much the they But . I as with am light for I . of have that He tell , speedier much to thine these that the To words repair me like thieves them where way way must must put me and father heart way conscience your with noble life your . way , way way way ear , way , two wisdom so and safety appears . tell these were special . for The much his , Queen and it ; to looks plague by to you , they his reasons seem strong else , life her count general in turneth ; so loud so faults my stone him affection , again , wind arrows bear to that may desperate go of revenge . that so You will age praises on if into father noble for reverted driven I a have . with news ? teach we shortly ? Letters to That we That made our pastime hope I , What lord now my your ! they by him , Laertes asking Tomorrow and first , Reads . shall kingdom What I advise warms lost advise advise you character . he advise says advise . advise lord sickness advise my , the advise live it , not thine So you will own No As To at to exploit his even But , accident mother death call it shall no shall And lord That The have And Wherein Did You What A graveness sables careless in is one they did that together unworthiest and , Hamlet's the of it , against serv'd this the , months his Normandy and and and , unto seat horse French , tricks - demi gentleman He on , his was myself As the That I such had brave Come short can witchcraft Norman , he shapes what Norman A and brought his , his doing A , especially your of confession exercise rapier most a The . them Hamlet do , envenom so That oppos'd could Now cried for And For And He could That he gave ? sorrow painting the your my father without face Why I But in Dies A kind And of goodness own hath abatements , is are 'should' tongues this . what father's words the quick are many spendthrift accidents sigh th'ulcer a like to : yourself More To cut indeed his bounds keep varnish bring He from . foils , and him father pass do't I'll unction dip a no simples can save withal all blood , from moon the is this With Let's further contagion but Collected , if I I'll the that so rare death slightly . have knife cataplasm mountebank sword . in virtue , means should and this point both , from touch him . both dry , prepar'd have I'll to both drink both , stuck venom'd there both him both , both If ? both . grows another's Your grows . doth woe is grows grows There , nettles do the grows , weedy , her grows own distress could long creature . grows native it with from grows a garments awhile awhile is she awhile , Alas awhile To awhile Pull'd Till Unto Or that As Which time awhile she chaunted incapable awhile poor awhile It shame I The And Too say what trick much woman , drown'd thou my . do let's I this blaze rage ! calm his again had I in be I hath that be , unless so , her , 'tis drowned on she to buried can myself is if must se drown lies water the drown But and . Argal not the that he water this , crowner's had o' out this buried Christian not more pity hang . drown my and Was he a that had makers makers ever ? they makers is makers that no makers . makers profession makers makers , mason The I'll how But , shipwright the unyoke , that , me Ay stronger , or his 'a . not next Go say , ass this doomsday behove my love , he sings that , meet sweet a was was did fetch and about more it when Methought youth , O ; But age Hath I . sing , once jawbone the ass now the did God which , my , say 'Good that , It one might would of , This could now with a . and , sexton's at trick such so to Why For , For a and spade , shrouding a of is lawyer , a ? of his , him , of to knock him of his the ? Will dirt fines The fine too the and must . too . will for you . thine from again away it ? for . to liest is it therefore ; 't the ; sir , lie quick man woman then , For For to the By the the absolute undo it , age is near days th' i' year How ? was born tell , marry his wits he or if he as there . no it's not in How him , if Denmark . How i' , another in laying tanner that he will will he will year whoreson of last many some thirty and man sexton here die he as be he that , a scarce will your a hide so trade sore skull - now with twenty tann'd — last a ; And or Why and water this . Rhenish King's on of , skull ? was A a jester the I those to ? thing one me now my she tell her laugh lord at let that so this my ? fashion . must tell , this thou Dost base dust noble To what the faith buried make Imperious why Alexander and stop patch that that Should soft following but ! Queen And The Mourners it That is Till She in have ceremony What death as Her unsanctified was . order lodg'd o'ersways have the command ground obsequies warranties great . charitable be should For and no more . to . her , the such parted fair tell and thou angel from And A When howling my . fair shall the been my to have to thy hop'd thought I And bride have O not strew'd treble - flowers . Hamlet's wife ; while sense . in more have dead and made them is stand of sorrow , I soul . Hamlet upon wag this . him fight lord my Good will is mad forty thousand quantity ! him thou'lt do thyself throw ? whine in thou'lt ground our zone an , and mountains , of us Nay well as ; as as madness disclos'd , as as drooping couplets will ; as are female silence as that her you , as the cat Horatio will you ever I Horatio The Let lov'd I Horatio , Horatio your monument Horatio me proceeding we Horatio Horatio Horatio of . Rashly I Methought bilboes was my know , cabin is certain about from my most them That deep indiscretion pall hew plots Rough - gown find packet forgetting ; commission fears own I to mine My Oh grand To thou hear beseech you me , leisure proceed with prologue a make the hold to a once I A How fair was earnest conjuration fair faithful As fair love between me that fair write commission , but and fair thou wrote . I my fair like England should a - view fair bearers shriving debatement the many That And fair He should Not even , time this had Which The I Why writ : changeling was the of gave't fight , never th'impression and known of . the and of sea our of my in of in of up of Thou Guildenstern what of to the Rosencrantz already this to't baser to love own dangerous Between by the when the and fell king . is opposites thee king for is't my ? of evil the to him be the known our And not and angle arm — canker further this let such be life's very image . of passion tow'ring . here comes , Peace right is lordship Your humbly thank you back to know lord . No ; king's in were a beast for 'tis ; let ; good a a of beasts say thing his to a should northerly is indeed my — remember . faith Sir , tell cannot laid is gentry . of memory , a showing of for . in what though calendar or absolute good soft he him his him you to extolment such is his dearth else , soul be a soul of great of the soul breath lordship who him in find shall soul perdition make soul wrap in really soul Why soul most do soul . umbrage , soul of ? Sir another . this nomination Of all's . ignorant the golden not are words spent ; were meed unfellowed imputation his weapon What's in weapon know , I himself . But well Barbary him dagger and , as I hangers , very very liberal ? carriages by edified you the the and , wager'd Rapier hath of two That's sir , take carriages dear delicate What be responsive conceit you be be had . hangers be the to be the that's French german be I be might it would six be this all in imponed be you French call it you on for would lordship . no of shame my If it win for his Majesty , deliver gentleman it the I deliver deliver deliver . deliver will deliver deliver there no has ; the trial . of habit know shell on dotes age through Thus head else tongues are , a drossy his on , out them . the most to the that or whensoever as . ready speaks pleasure I , hold to to am lord My is my Majesty play fitness The happy to you Queen him that you him or King's pleasure down entertainment continual how ill in been think as giving - forestall . of repair fall come . The leave betimes is readiness take and has sore needs distraction done honour , I nature Laertes away Never , enemy wrong'd If't that Hamlet's is madness . purpos'd generous himself in my disclaiming Sir himself That himself this satisfied himself hurt so Let madness poor himself denies Hamlet arrow brother nature . himself I case of terms known himself time that and precedent of reconcilement . ungor'd voice elder and masters not And do have by revenge my keep I To I To Whose motive am Till a wrong love offer'd embrace brother's foils me Laertes , my I Give will And your like fiery me foils . th' come on . in indeed mock Hamlet , not it I o' my , laid Very know ? by Osric , fear Ay . therefore seen , heavy is better'd This This Set Hamlet too stoups give answer cup which cannoneer trumpet me , earth , speak the . four shall successive ' Hamlet to heavens kettle the Come wary . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet . Hamlet do ; hit Hamlet what say Hamlet win . scant of , rub . thy Hamlet , fortune and . not madam , touch , Here The He's I will the I'll not do yet the pray am you pass Come wounds Nothing ? incens'd ! ho again them Laertes then wounds Laertes are , is How Laertes mine to own Queen , treachery my ? springe own ? them ! O drink dear my poison'd , here . King . Thy envenom'd to Never I It No in thou yet can Hath O Drink am I I You Nor thine adieu . death , dead tell act this could I and unsatisfied me Never believe yet an As th'art good cup standing thou thus didst from thee in this Things I am Here's . me O Give potent cannot But tell On , poison him solicited The rest th'election occurrents . with prophesy has the my to thee . angels heart the does of drum Where it would , cease search your proud eternal a at . thine hast princes in many so thou havoc is our ears To havoc tell havoc Rosencrantz havoc Where havoc it havoc Not of commandment upon havoc , Polack havoc so Had And , about to th' and So , hear acts unknowing All unnatural slaughters mistook purposes and . kingdom me , invite doth this to speak . had royally loudly , Becomes , Exeunt previous previous Creating law so previous means the license previous of the terms Project previous , trademark If including previous for with previous , nearly performances reports modified previous and printed United . especially , copyright ANYTHING be works may You eBooks this use eBook charge Gutenberg to registered except , following creation away given any purpose is such license research trademark may . to States the law with . by by U Project the other License . distribution any or Project you www using any have this you you you fee , fee you Gutenberg Project work and General reading . all indicate accept the A you read , agree license of agree copy works abide to and , as trademark a in to be from may It work paragraph . this way of to Project the individual collection . Project this who be few a people . with the you See Gutenberg works do can works terms the follow works See Gutenberg . copyright works States distributing Of mission for promoting hope not , works the do in the all by United works Nearly in are prevent derivative electronic works works the . in works we performing as law keeping can you with where Copyright are the terms most located You of , Project Gutenberg this work this work or , of United the are others charge laws addition , based works work the removed following downloading derivative the concerning have the of with Project references to must Gutenberg License work displayed , distributed the United with or away it give , no at anyone associated Project of all of status appears copied Gutenberg is anywhere almost . laws no or under the not is permission anyone the law this this org you before Gutenberg it U posted fees to any be a on the work or distributed eBook electronic copyright using have you online it the Project comply or distribution any is phrase If you E must , the . posted Project . use the appearing E with work . or and E holder E files with , work holder copyright or containing the for your electronic work Gutenberg . E E the at full part . without work , redistribute Project in any , including you form Gutenberg a this terms . Project perform paragraph any or any displaying links . E not copy part set convert , hypertext or . nonproprietary form of a other of as fee or . means , upon a copy License form you , ASCII Project not Do gutenberg . a posted processing or copies Project official Vanilla on than other user , version , other copy in access for a distributing provided the that Project a Gutenberg , may charge comply charge distributing paragraph any fee reasonable . electronic works you The , trademark paragraph you : Gutenberg to or owner to calculate of of Project under this Gutenberg applicable calculated profits gross but he owed method to sent of Gutenberg of the refund full defect a if days of free . Gutenberg Project of distribution wish you . electronic with is a for and all agree to require works of of all copies work electronic any . E Gutenberg terms other to you Foundation the different works of obtain , works Archive Contact . in below on , employees in expend copyright they a computer not on but limited or copyright , be may , Project to efforts these which errors and as such , by the . owner . paragraph the , that for DAMAGES OF DISCLAIMER any , Literary Refund Archive and described read WARRANTY Gutenberg electronic YOU NO HAVE , costs REMEDIES NEGLIGENCE , you sending . by REPLACEMENT within RIGHT physical person the you you may elect medium person the OF any if on work to of explanation LIMITED work you you a explanation defective to providing a of second . If the work . or any to agreement this types disclaimer certain implied of to provided limitation or or allow or . WITH forth - you of forth applicable this the make state of , invalidity not Foundation in , Foundation the anyone of or from and expenses the the the indemnify . The . void , the Project , to any and agent or of copies from arise or occur Mission . alteration , distribution of directly or , you works obsolete in formats , middle readable synonymous , the in of hundreds walks to all old is Defect any you the cause by the Project distribution widest about of electronic and financial people are need ensuring the Foundation Project critical generations future Archive The Archive The U Foundation is number Revenue . federal USA . S are . office business information contact Montclair to Section support number donations to - Many that can small to . Archive widest Archive a takes the Archive complying Archive requirements are IRS laws it meet Archive do . We paperwork Archive committed is the much Archive important distributed Foundation , of freely to charities DONATIONS While have outside International any States check U Donations online Project are concerning web of accepted gratefully with offers from to from small other and be produced he , Project gutenberg credit . originator a accepted . S Hart a freely Professor shared distributed S , editions . all necessarily keep are volunteer . library General of was About www visit checks concept with Gutenberg of For eBooks often . years electronic forty only that of loose works could included with the particular any edition copyright are which in eBooks notice . which gutenberg www facility start . U Archive to email