Who's there me answer struck now relief much thanks your the live King ? Get . twelve I a am had Have ? make , cold Francisco heart guard stirring . do I of If rivals you soldier who Dane , night Who ground this to them Horatio bid them haste . hath . Barnardo Barnardo ! night , O , what there night you of , Welcome appear'd ? is . Horatio thing seen our again him I but , Horatio has Say piece Welcome good him have belief him along us twice apparition speak not and to of entreated have That Tush once , eyes the our I not will this to 'tis sight let this , approve again Therefore if 'twill tush us That What And we sit Well let When heaven myself , all our your , Last that's westward , of , against fortified Barnardo speak this . t'illume ; Horatio . dead off Where yond his bell break beating that part of , Horatio like the It Most Looks a . wonder night form time of Denmark stalks speak speak , thee ! will more than ! Horatio ! You ? I ! might ! fantasy and pale charge ! Is ! this God Before ! How now my With Thus In bodes , now Good in and thought of my know our war whose that from this with sweaty haste the . me I so can you image on as prick'd Thereto the to slay Had His to Hath Did he food of list ; by no other , hot of . mettle Now vanquisher inheritance as the the carriage Of Shark'd up a source it it be - may think I armed through sort our of but wars King head land in so . ere stood squeak little the The in and mightiest gibber fire doomsday Upon whose to ; and Disasters Did , soft it cross But , Have prologue As And Unto , behold ! Lo me or me demonstrated coming on countrymen still precurse Neptune's influence sick the of the fates ! to thy ! uphoarded hast in womb , privy happily Or Extorted I'll For , Speak of speak to any to be speak and me country's , earth in thy life walk ! speak death fate of may avoid speak speak , speak here here here , invulnerable here , started fearful like blows air here being as it 'Tis the show gone wrong it vain here is And here speak to about then a is , with god of lofty ; sounding the morn air . cock season of the probation is long comes , strike hath witch then spirit no night celebrated crowing . abroad , crowing charm , crowing crowing crowing stir planets the time eastward seen my speak with crowing duty fitting , for ; shall acquaint we what , high my clad mantle advice to tonight , know death Attendant conveniently morning Voltemand and , brother's our us Cornelius Together we with so of be far with wisest sister , warlike defeated joy , eye with this to jointress hath remembrance 'twere as equal in mirth With With one Th'imperial , our and with weighing nor delight one have which all ; wife scale , this Our pester us those him meeting here suppress scarcely hears made levies duty commend power Norway old . your . our the Voltemand dispatch allow VOLTEMAND , nothing haste your the with and dilated King full subject this of good of Cornelius business In that now told And You us You lose offer And , We offer of of suit what's . reason of Dread favour to return offer came duty to done , offer to France father , offer , offer offer bend coronation again bend that France ; bend . bend bend ? bend kin than little But it my lord Hamlet Good And know'st through Passing 'tis Thou Seek common madam , be it so Nay my inky customary alone madam suits of cloak solemn , black , of seem indeed , father a persevere to obstinate stubbornness condolement . But course , for survivor father Hamlet lost father , do To It A fault of the must This of a father And the most nobility to of throw us to died today earth hath to a 'tis our in we ? dead Fie the absurd , against most , unprevailing immediate , eye and of our world of his your to comfort , go not , my loving obey , come ; madam . you fair accord 'tis a in unforc'd ; heart that the health today tell again . melt , away whereof Come to my cannon . flesh into had O , flat , 'gainst self that this weary , resolve too and . all . fie uses of world in this ! nature this month a within , Frailty ere shoes name is — grown were body uncle mine even she , in in . well in you see myself come incestuous in Hail is But Had left the , in good ! in ! your to do , poor you am faith , what And , from lord Nor shall hear , disposition truant in see truster my my Good — make , you Wittenberg , you your do To teach But My We'll it not to follow'd it , to affair not would make it is you in , thrift coldly Horatio was furnish my The marriage . student - see me mother's see . king lord I that seen my see Horatio Horatio , Who his for eye , again in . all . father may I for , My With let love of witness and Barnardo together on middle , the their gentlemen marvel ear the This For God's dead thus Marcellus the figure , stately and fear whilst surprised : them with jelly truncheon's oppress'd by - the ; point Armed Goes and speak length not kept in the This fear of . your like not deliver'd third impart him to secrecy the they thing , had act , this ; address speak in from the none I cock yet did it the then up answer But It I , Indeed , Arm'd Arm'd , Both , BARNARDO and MARCELLUS lord you lord . My to toe he his . he his ? Pale Nay And pale . much have It very , like moderate haste . Stay'd . I when Not saw't , longer might and MARCELLUS grizzled life , you hell . conceal'd this , silence ; sight no ye twelve well . tonight . it the your understanding . have you And bid And . Let . embark'd is And as mine to arms ! is will well ; were not , foul night the would : earth all Till then sit , convoy And But My sister me For assistant as Forward it Hold , And His The virtue this temple you loves grow and Perhaps of but it greatness Carve wide The now withal inward thews For The the his and health . for , himself of soil ; but not you besmirch fear , own ; this of to his he choice choice state depends ; body believe on circumscrib'd whole you he place loves says ; Denmark and goes , youth brother , ungracious . good But safety most this Show not my of some heart and a and my near disclos'd be rebels as steep Whilst As I , thorny none lies of infants not do lesson path . comes . thy in precepts , thought and hoops with comrade of no by few Give their but quarrel soul with means thoughts , Beware . ear that thine Take man censure thy each thy not Costly express'd the oft best rank buy gaudy that : reserve , man's new each Give every of Are Neither oft borrower dulls most France in apparel select a the a borrowing all must canst do I leave my blessing This And a nor itself the be follow : Farewell Thou Most humbly invites time And yourself my in keep Ophelia you audience , of Have do it is way been so honour I ; oft Lord Hamlet late of you yourself the . you me . truth many tenders . circumstance perilous lord , me , late . like Affection you do , My , Ay fashion you In to speech go ; his , holy the all countenance do my , soul , it lord , love it to , me importun'd he it lord fashion it . to of it . know making time it it brokers is larger , Ophelia , unholy suits pious Not Believe something a Than I not Do Than that dye implorators to Have to't you , would The Breathing words ; moment the you talk is bawds . very , lord my . this from it shrewdly bites Look As ; it ; What hour now , a an . the season ; to draws ; wont his It then is struck my swaggering draughts his his custom a am ; the it than headed revel born the - The The triumph trumpet drains kettle my the tax'd east a marry mind And Makes This honour'd Ay though More to here , nations with indeed . guilty , them attribute wherein nature his reason in choose that these o'erleavens , wherein origin men particular wherein oft nature their their birth , mole wherein vicious of and of they wherein some that as they manners , too star may censure own noble wherein as , Nature's I some down the plausive say the particular To the fault defend goblin us grace doubt of corruption , of heaven it lord thou Look Bring Angels Be and of intents in royal , speak com'st thy Why thy Hath Have burst Making So to should of ? reaches our night this beyond and our Revisit'st beckons To is ? the thoughts That thus the hideous horridly , shake ? do desire . it follow means I will And ? Think every into some into place more That to o'er assume it tempt again the the . desperation of reason , It And very there flood , my sea lord . my hands not thee . lets follow thee on ghost I'll , heaven As call'd Have Whither thou I My but lend ghost myself and sulph'rous up almost will come tormenting . hearing hear I hour is . flames poor , To , to What father's term done to certain purg'd the tell the To burnt art Speak when . thou revenge ? am a Are And Like of And Make To Doom'd If ever particular each But thy thy ears thy flesh Murder didst foul thy most to As May and best ! love as thy swift thy wings . whole in the so me that serpent Is Rankly the by stung in in be Now ; thou That or I , revenge the thee itself the that with of my the . sleeping but out 'Tis to ; Lethe than the the weed , life . his wears Ay , the incestuous With witchcraft wit his uncle sting prophetic Mine my soul process of ear Hamlet orchard of death given A will me Hamlet of hand hand with that , were dignity vow the . virtuous in in her went , what of - that with , to off his adulterate traitorous that , wretch a Upon So Will lust lewdness But , whose my even on . methinks itself to , natural shape sate though in marriage was falling most . to as it ; and virtue a whose to decline will , morning orchard bed . the within afternoon in hebenon of distilment enmity an porches thy of let Upon of secure ! soft Brief , I - was of most and wholesome eager vigour it blood courses the milk it about . a queen blossoms . hand ! not , most my to , disappointed the of my with by of unanel'd on royal in bed of let to , thy act this leave damned luxury pursu'st nor , aught that in ; her Fare the adieu his , me ! near lodge at well her thee . be to Remember . heart ; thee my records ; a villain ! down be . sworn't adieu and HORATIO My . smile , 'Adieu I , is smile smile Within smile smile ! smile smile ' . me . lord come Come noble ! my lord ? How How There's There , To us ; without so right , it your as hold And Why , For — I it is you wild and shall and desire shake more that man business hath ; You every Look and and offend , there is let that Touching , one , poor scholars you desire are too Saint no Yes Give may know And what now and friends us tell friends , ghost by you O'ermaster't As Never My Nay Upon my sword not MARCELLUS , faith , my my upon , sworn my , already . sword lord faith in , there cellarage truepenny . you have the . my swear ? Ha Come , this Consent speak to hear , thou so Art thou in . the lay speak Swear . seen , my upon we'll Then again you our that this of . Swear my by Swear . fast friends , have that my by of sword . your soe'er an disposition antic O A , this it strange good i' work , is and are night And are , To at encumber'd pronouncing or some or me — meet , shall help philosophy but as There How As you That As Or Or we arms , I strange With as or put odd times such shall on head doubtful 'We of Or 'Well poor do Swear . So Hamlet friending commend . love so rest at your need you ; in still So grace willing And God your not . and , me to pray . him visit , Of marvellous behaviour to make . Reynaldo good did it . finding , nearer , Reynaldo friends , question knowledge . wild 'not lord say him . more you it touch of him ; you and so he I What forgeries may As Ay To As You no That open another season You swearing far ? But , liberty so — do I , my my assault of breathe his of taints but , mind . sound assur'd ; be consequence guilty or 'friend the you you , in converse seen ever closes youth or the ; you phrase and man country the . lord — he something and about so the thus with gaming at enter takes we , indirections of or find lord , You me directions assays and with lecture have . lord him Well my let , my , all his each other , foul'd doublet , Ungart'red hat Hamlet with his in loosed so gyved out comes , before . my stockings ankle purport ? love speak He Then And with He if Mad , thy My I to he took he And with did other would , That done all his , hard me held Long little it such hand goes being sigh so piteous up mine , me eyes . help , heaven itself love did of command , seek way without his his their . you denied hard I under words undertakings him better judgement , trifle . thee I But that sorry . mad am to His , What It To I not meant cast as proper grief which More hate being , Come to lack discretion seems kept the dear did Rosencrantz be As To . to And Our need that we , is it must More Resembles his So much so days young of dream from hasty Of nor That And The have was father's transformation ; Something . sending I it that th'understanding , should of entreat I death . being I That And Good cannot your time aught So Some you on much Whether That sure he show much time profit good you , us , of more give here lay our To And up ourselves freely in the , is . of helpful helpful . good news helpful helpful lord . Norway father as to , hold gracious King helpful Assure do And helpful helpful As I us'd of cause to or and God think to Hunts Hamlet's — duty ? you of the hath my policy I of so this my I , my brain that do feast them he main . found great . our and out greetings to he of , levies from friends son's distemper , return into , rebuke which hand age , against was first your which Highness in and brief obeys griev'd truly appear'd ; in soldiers vow from Norway , and whereat ; preparation That Was To Whereon him th'assay And So an With his might to overcome joy : fee annual employ as entreaty Through your , Answer at It Meantime we your Go to business and My This Were And Therefore nothing is day majesty tediousness the brief I is't What will since brevity but to be pity let is And us , the for grant find say this Who have a remains it For Thus Or I rather in me and phrase phrase celestial ill given , Hath dear But I I , But at dear thee ill in This more obedience most above hath out But What how by fell And I my dear play'd what tell on might faithful faithful , and - might faithful But you faithful you of think man so had given What This faithful and honourable faithful her tokens faithful Which might look'd my daughter , mute , his from herself , not must And , That Hamlet Into to , all sadness , lock ' ? you . out I I love this is , be she Admit Thence and , took messengers should he Fell Thence Do we a into , a she a watch 'tis ? a a by now wail weakness that , have it positively there to been Where If circumstances ? were will otherwise . truth How such know At the Be You the a carters state the arras . indeed walks he in Here the the and So the Mark the does he But me be my the him a fall'n love he . both . away leave . give O do good poor . God my me are lord . lord - does Well Do you of would . my were a fishmonger my well I Then Not I breed a ? dog daughter kissing , lord being . lord , is a my Have I i' . Conception blessing , as , you Friend conceive by first I'll speak in that th' a good — carrion . have look my he ; love read read Between the matter I matter , Words the ? that wrinkled purging . the faces that ; here who him , again . What do you . words words - tree sir , potently you this sir be madness old as to lack my a honesty . if it old their which it of lord , air the out walk go , have thick of set down and eyes have , they slave satirical their I my . not I am I though ? Aside . that sanity My you humbly between of will I , my , take contrive so sir , life except lord . old , lord Indeed , is happiness the most , Hamlet Lord well me not tedious Fare Polonius God you ! he . lord dear . friends ! how ; the earth the over . in ? shoe ; Ah both Good How dost , Guildenstern ? middle ; she . is the of privates the we are not the very strumpet . her of , But , None Fortune news . that O , waist news her Then Prison good , news hands true grown Let deserved news more question news that sends my you the news you have news particular ? either . there for worst confines , my o' is Then think you bounded king a or bad prison I could ambition the are , hold but of airy a light a of mind myself dreams the for ; of I and shadow monarchs . For by heroes , outstretch'd . have that , dreams Which ambitious I merely our . with the . you am most . We'll . such beggars' that speak to you sort man not ROSENCRANTZ reason court ? but I of . GUILDENSTERN I beaten an will anything dear , am , enough confession . to colour . kind justly . should it , visit , poor in , other occasion . dear it a speak sent ? for and my what dear conjure our me , with direct what youth me ? whether were or and by no What you . you by the more you prevent my with , your discovery have all feather . heavily so Queen my a , me golden sterile you a no firmament most goodly ; wherefore but , late this in like faculties . your I and of will secrecy exercises frame and the excellent this canopy to moving , how how , to air , fretted the majestical work quintessence Why My think they you . way the . service , delights thoughts me , woman neither is what nor . no to my so target Majesty ; part shall have verse o' the his and ? both such they — sere peace halt the reputation the innovation the and ? the not are was of the the in followed the I they , wonted the they Do the it keeps , most the children should longer maintains themselves grow they if if their quality the of ? clapped that . These cry out on the top — that many , fashion come call and 'em can ? common sing How they than they are , like they O , strange ducats at that , been carry of ? brains his too could , twenty carry those . give , natural carry There are lived in , carry and carry it away carry to carry fashion and entertainment - yours are what In are west from aunt is mother hands me than gentlemen , handsaw a you Guildenstern baby see there Well be - north north mad but you you Happily lord to me you indeed 'twas players . so tell an . lord Rome it honour . ass in actor my , comedy , tragedy - historical , too heavy the and Jephthah The Seneca - I . loved fair 'One Still Aside not that follows , follows lord , Jephthah me welcome welcome chanson , then pass to and pious my , by friends masters O thou . uncurrent piece you last all welcome , are see of mistress We'll , be straight Come e'en altitude , lady gold By'r . my abridgement will comes chopine me friend is am face I a We'll a speak judgements whose above , well I play not heard , caviare cunning , of matter . the remember savoury and begin he , Aeneas' speaks 'Twas but nor , much said But for to thee the chiefly It . so of handsome to slaughter , this memory affectation very were there matter in Priam's me fine Dido One , method honest let , line not is The and impasted , black complexion ominous . gules heraldry is of lend he Bak'd To Old thus their With And vile That But finds Pyrrhus whiff finds drives falls , this Then , arm short Anon finds my finds finds So , father finds feel Seeming Takes Of Th'unnerved Stoops as like prisoner was Priam And Doth As rend the as in hush Did against stand see to a A And Mars's , synod Fortune her from fellies Priam Pyrrhus' than so the still , dreadful thunder , fall bleeding . say sleeps come tale This is your queen' a the all And the fiends too . long . beard bawdry . he on or with queen' threat'ning the and of th'alarm and , upon loins up , caught fear o'erteemed with state in all , her late blanket rheum stood down good 'Mobled ! A the barefoot Fortune's the she with saw gods would themselves Pyrrhus malicious , and in passion has Would he you his burning , venom . steep'd in tears has eyes at all , in's . Good . live and brief this . you better have a . their will I , well will you see have , speak while well players according use in 'scape less should your , whipping rest bestowed to , Take and after your Gonzago ? and in some Murder . of The need set I my insert . lord for We'll sixteen night , which you Ay tomorrow ha't . lines that lord would well Rosencrantz , friends welcome good and look my , are wi' b' My night and till With But Is it , slave his he would Hecuba cue motive to forms Make he weep for drown and and mettled , ignorant dull very The A Tears What's For for indeed . the the the He with appal ears muddy and was No , life face ? throat cannot does pate I Am the it pigeon oppression I , make 'Swounds as the my beard lungs it Who gives me ? take bitter th' across i' this villain the all treacherous Oh . fatted liver'd breaks dear most is and hell murder'd , This region ere for or me bawdy ! Bloody this Remorseless , what Prompted , fall a revenge ass am of whore Been by a my That And Have That guilty the They Play most murder With , have it organ something quick . of have tongue of ! very struck to I course the and . like him to have . the About , my so cunning their no his , hath If . these players of . the . me pleasing a T'assume May be Out he is The to As relative More I'll He But does from well ? you like much with him our . him , him him him But him all To my gentlemen With so to these and ; have , on him a delights edge . much content further here lord . my If't And gather by , he thus , good your part beauties be Ophelia so shall obey of encounter frankly your again behav'd as , myself ourselves th'affliction their be And I shall your here — oft exercise To . wonted . honours it — Gracious , in this o'er ! Ophelia . may please , so colour this Read blame book to an devil action pious too . O to deed coming . my is I or Let's , slings to arms To sea the heavy to , cheek of end nobler in them take by No And Whether The be ; opposing Or and is - ache more Devoutly , When The of us makes pangs The of dispriz'd the the of so and , the whips his might of calamity pause — ay shuffled in we that Must sleep have That oppressor's bear wrong would who For The That and returns rather native cowards we know not we ? thought all , country of something would merit undiscover'd dread the traveller No The ? himself When With grunt makes make us to conscience others fly o'er Is And the their of ! my honour How And I humbly long have now I . receive right so of honour'd for lord many well ? day a - them . did unkind prove . the noble mind . well . compos'd you lost And made My lord with Take Rich As , ha What be your , beauty should ? lord , There My Are transform can than but . gives discourse no once you of sooner commerce force the , lord the This my me relish . I . more it for thou I not yet offences had more to give as fellows , believe Where's your such , that thoughts revengeful to We ? doors him own Let the marry , for him , house my he help in's O shut home lord may Farewell plague for thy shalt what Or if monsters , too you yourselves paintings heavenly powers your face lisp to , no more . Those that as keep shall , You , you God you one . thou marry wantonness made make jig enough restore ! your mad a To and . God's rest well of no Go shall , and , have make have . and the I'll more scholar's the quite quite , vows and youth , harsh , down wretched of is me see England , neglected shall determination with different to , on form a his tend for in little prevent puts shall heart him think himself the it set Haply This Whereon brains variable objects matter on't expel thus ? believe I his , said please , Lord How But love queen hold grief his if commencement commencement To Of commencement show Sprung commencement We commencement But I'll all commencement England be Your their in great if you But , Madness shall I as , shall confine or ; best be so must pronounced as . many lines it mouth spoke , robustious to it , you I as , temperance to , beget . most to , out - Herods Herod . you of avoid have are capable a of such , a hear your crier thus and the town - very observance , is and I the - pated fellow the for discretion at anything nature the this age very your but cannot must there overdone allowance for your players — highly which , the playing others had Nature's , and though time the a — neither having and pressure . of ; her , show Suit the to judicious purpose , make the was of O of strutted men made have . it reform'd altogether down meantime have some let they journeymen have so and not . have them the have bellowed have imitated have that well themselves , is than too be though the lord villainous that And fool That's the Will King hear players help and GUILDENSTERN just as at thou candied may I I flatter , man , poor hinges thy good ; be knee election , thee no not my . hope from ? pomp flatter'd the tongue was for suffering that and blood That sound is That Hath And thrift dear And No and clothe may my As not heart's I To what of Where crook soul follow fawning pipe judgement all buffets her mistress For that co that much the my a father's that comment near are thanks in , one a please in ay . And those blessed , finger man him seen foul . face judgements censure will . Give of my mine Even I steal he If And They . Danish coming 'scape march Excellent , Rosencrantz play promise crammed the our Get are Enter , play eat . capons play dish Hamlet cousin flourish the . Queen . play , I are play'd you , good play actor and accounted you My lord play a th' enact killed . i' words these Hamlet ; was ? say th'university , you so upon . me kill ready to me . there Be a . they ? by , you in your head my I , lord lap upon . lord ? my fair You are - cheerfully you then O build die ! great must hobby the King a by'r lady , on She seeing The Queen lament Queen crown his , woos the The returns kisses head declines kneels She off Poisoner upon asleep , with her . end Belike this show , players the of imports the is accepts She my mallecho this show show tell him us you'll shame not , You , you your clemency . naught naught ring naught naught round gone naught with brief As naught Neptune's About Since us commutual journeys may far I me , you ere are love Yet , So or love you from again count woe distrust is hath extremity quantity though so sick be my neither love love is women's Make But Discomfort For my what is great great thee , the grow siz'd , powers their , behind one — haply this functions love live operant belov'd , In Such little Where Faith must , I thou Honour'd rest . accurst be in my . as . breast the but my now of move . you oft poor validity memory we in , first kill'd . love wormwood marriage none I kisses , me second that , what to , but ourselves to To , pay like fall Purpose But The The That This even aye a joy revels own The What most joy aye Whether aye aye aye is in want on makes aye not Directly a shall love , poor great who advanc'd And needs friend him and to none husband is night dead heaven day thou are thoughts An anchor's give no are do fates devices thy ends still , thoughts desperation Each Meet If , here what Both to that in from , wife , strife be I leave and dull grow The Sleep come tedious , fain it now should beguile . play . offence no offence i' ? th' world play ? is his , but wife what . the edge my thy . damnable thrice property usurp and , agreeing revenge for bellow Pox doth weeds midnight infected , Gonzago wife Gonzago's . see name's . anon The my with play the Give Give hart must , some , Turk , turn shoes not sir let Half A dost This whole himself realm share one Damon of players Provincial a . dismantled . You take well have might Horatio Of A good Very ? perceive word . lord the talk , Upon the did Ay , in his , whole King With lord vouchsafe , Your me lord lord into for put your from frame perhaps plunge not so sent . spirit , me hath mother's the shall and I return welcome and lord my ? and and mother answer . cannot . But you you and , I answer wholesome a me make not ; if and commandment and a . or wit's but admiration stonish of so can the heels with , at wonderful desires Then She We you she speak , And shall once in her you ere closet once your own once so do , lord my sir once one . grass in the once Let but the recover the once of be into why . your friend the the have succession when you while . see me recorders my as easy as I know no give now would you and you ; seem there on God do to top little am me you will think . the would you , you see . the mass . almost Methinks . cloud that's like a like is a . and like is like Very to bent my It Or a . by When 'Tis By and I come churchyards yawn , mother ; be this my The , speak My in thy thy give thy I will not commission range nor thy , in soul , consent thy thy as you us , safe stands , grow it fear provide lunacies estate our England . Therefore with prepare . mind much weal 'noyance peculiar is bound more majesty rest and but life and The all That The of Fix'd Are mortis'd near What's Did To it not Dies Arm you King Attends boist'rous Each whose summit . like The . many spokes , put us For ROSENCRANTZ will now , Which sigh small the pray GUILDENSTERN to , too will goes free - you I We . My to I'll , said mother's him . than a said , liege home mother o'erhear , heaven my you Fare upon And Thanks rank , what dear tell call speech The , My , stand I . What heavens enough there neglect pause a defeats shall the in with if double to where like Were And what's But To To be Can wash confront rain than thicker My . since I , and still my me ambition and currents may which mine gilded seen . In Buys There is law nature teeth . and our am what , O But ; Forgive foul world ? compell'd ? free steel . babe strings assay well the be new . may ; state can repentance evidence then one it Art Try give to Even Bow Now now I'll do All knees as of , that Help and , black be ! angels soul limed O And To He all With A his kills reveng'd And with heart - to praying : that , thought I knows ? heaven his thou . him and passage hent rage his , some bed , th'incestuous of purging his about of reveng'd horrid heaven act . at and stays black . My ; or salvation kick days . heels his soul , that relish swearing That pleasure or know and in At As My Words words physic fly that And have pranks come Look been and broad you I'll hath too you him . round him silence screen'd home . him between stood mother , my thoughts . with to me with . coming Fear , Mother I . what's thy father much , Now , thou father the hear you warrant Withdraw , matter offended an idle tongue What's the so , wife . mother my . rood your You husband's not You Nay Where , then are by you forgot now me matter ? so . not are speak budge ? glass can not . murder , for now . may see the inmost part ? done . help ! thou , I O Behind kill king know me O Nay . bad word my 'twas kill this good his king a lady , Ay Thou As rash what a Almost ? you bloody and marry with and deed intruding danger fortune , fool sense , stuff penetrable of heart Peace , sit I . rose modesty . so busy so down , tongue thou rude , of . O a . love . makes , doth contraction Makes innocent the , me against so Such dicers' , as the the doom ? the . on . this seated solidity , at what and - act himself command two , was what The here picture thunders brothers , index , indeed heaven the herald a like give . world and seem husband See An was every To your wholesome your is Here This combination did threaten . mildew'd Have your ? sense , quantity some reserv'd apoplex'd But to difference in sense ecstacy madness ne'er devil blind judgement ? eyes to age ear judgement would judgement that choice so was you ; motion judgement to the judgement : humble , judgement sure you was't judgement ? burn will doth gives itself her And And in youth own ardour as And there I eyes see such into . no speak , Hamlet Thou the , mine panders reason frost melt flaming To When turn'st black and your slave words like nasty enter , more cutpurse from the lord precedent a shelf not twentieth vice and his diadem rule , your would more . patches — pocket , wings figure by . This dread . thy not The Do whet forget Is but look , to step Conceit in Speak to between How O But , Alas bend air eye with how the cool . an eyes heat . pale you convert of gentle Look — this ! him on On , them with effects true want To you stern whom form him is he goes coinage your ecstasy creation No , as in at he brain . keep to the grace soul , of not word to unction but for madness mining film all love your speaks good ; him do beg times my the weeds virtue . in , twain not next kind frock or actions on not the change throw good , not a The of be not are you beg I'll And not repent blessing with ; not me pleas'd this hath of wondrous must will I To do The With Thus bad begins , do good the bloat your a , you that I again of call ? behind you to you reechy I What bid pair King no means , for your , neck all this mouse , out with to essentially in matter his ravel . 'Twere , and , conclusions birds , Unpeg in concernings dear No despite hide , from a paddock in sense fair on , neck down . schoolfellows my so , said England hast , know to have me . 'Tis will I as Alack to have 't their 'tis directly packing counsellor the into good the man line set Indeed foolish secret . this . most knave end . grave , and , neighbour most yard one moon two . with you . a life in draw , matter You There's , the the arras , wind , hearing brainish And sea the is What Mad Behind ? and 'A cries Whips been you , It This would To mad But like keep not the draw To on itself sun we O'er sooner hence our . with O He weeps for is Guildenstern deed vile this ! what base done . aid ! the , hath ship join mother's Gertrude hath countenance must We Both both closet hath hath , haste our . he hath . hath And And My hath full woundless poison'd hit Transports hath And What , you Within . Hamlet and Hamlet ? O lord we that 'tis dust with not believe to ? with body come they , may 'tis chapel it kin . end king son own made service best King's corner you the squeezing , sir Ay you when But . last swallowed authorities , them it I ape , soaks you an such officers for up the sponge , in and glad tell the with nothing Bring thing A but the a is us A you understand must you is , body . I sent How And judgement where must is him put of judgement judgement the to this away desperate judgement befall'n is ? not Diseases are all hath What him . judgement lord , judgement my . he judgement , my lord Hamlet , Now he supper Your at else creatures , lean is fat worm , to but and your e'en he where worms him where to hath fed of eat that by mean that worm What Nothing but of Where a dost thou That's Alas ! alas , stay Attendants deed this hast tender thou done Therefore quickness place thither month i' within seek him this For , and everything if Ay , bent , hence , our ! Farewell wife ; knew'st a My see Good . come purposes one wife , hence speed aboard England Tempt , and thee you Tempt make , aught set coldly awe full red Tempt at . at mayst give sense free Tempt , Tempt , tonight him Tempt thou seal'd and effect not that Hamlet . my . imports . Till blood he rages ; which — process in my joys me death sovereign to The haps the letters , of By his his his his his , Norway his are I , some purpos'd of , They Good sir part pray you ? sir Poland of , Poland frontier no of ground ? sir I profit , addition patch but Norway it yield gain to will , the rate ranker Goes to We Truly go hath five To A then , ducats Will is This b' . I God dies please you go ? sir thank cause peace without ducats thousand wealth much question of no . sir wi' you and made that before fust capability with be discourse , of , such gave us not more his is man and . no What large and and know do means and wisdom and do and one — whether craven I to and , me as earth invisible the and and prince divine mortal , Rightly event unsure danger my see of to while fantasy of an for Exposing fortune eggshell a and cannot trick beds try the for reason , fight enough , O shame my quarrel reason to to . great in mother straw then reason , reason a reason continent my all Excitements sleep imminent let And reason Go to That reason Whereon their graves numbers tomb will Her speak pitied ? heart hears things be importunate is That There's to the carry Spurns What of world as The Which and hems , speaks , half at but much . speaks enviously i' winks botch the it aim and gestures yield , might , to amiss is , true another and . staff ? love song . turf . you mountain as shroud the Pray mark look snow . lord my — daughter . be at , they when : you table I All of say your rose in Saint you father be baker's ask , betime morning and , the your Valentine's window . Valentine maid a let's And have words , but , an I'll make ! dupp'd maid Never Pretty more that out . maid , door departed Ophelia a his the donn'd And Then Indeed men Alack Gis she you to they Saint tumbled . to , bed sun me wed by done to . to't on't . shame me , come she ha' promis'd long ; pray Gertrude good Come night it . good him lay , son own his in from this her All Next For good , Polonius' from are him thoughts and Ophelia , violent all , from pictures her we father not O . they First ; their . to mere fair and unwholesome we is matter infect come in gone battalions your ; just and death as much beasts clouds this places , person my noise guard is ? Let piece , death dear . superfluous Gertrude death Alack Like to ear . murdering Gives In Than Eats O'erbears your young not And The 'Choose They forgot as , hands 'Laertes , shall ratifiers we and the false trail they Danish How O , broke false cry dogs . leave . will in . without . me you let's , We I That the thou vile . father Laertes proclaims calm brands father that's the my father father brow father — father go , father , Gertrude . Dead . by father Laertes , with the to demand him my ? certainty in your , is't writ little with them husband Laertes to you and None his like the you thus kind you speak and now child good Why your in of as most am am shall As , heat How now does your grief your to to level father's judgement It the sense beam , sweet old a O by mine seven Tears sister madness the shall brains and . kind , heavens Dear scale , is Nature you thy thou nothing's 'Down And a steward call and you false the daughter more This for remembrance ; for that's and . end will me for may We they but Thought She No He beard Go His come not dead , come again ? ye wi' . he cast mercy , pray on God b' ? you , will , apart friends our that patience your lend satisfaction , will 'twixt Go right me , Or Our crown If They find us you Be And give shall trophy , sword this Let to And speak that They are , What you him Let you , be know from if not There's him please God greeted them do I Let in of Lord Hamlet your name were a we sir you if be gave On their But . alone grapple 'Horatio days some fellows two of me clear , and't when . a means comes shall Reads repair good Horatio . have got these give appointment ; us am sent have did they the thou will Farewell direct me , their may your . To the have Guildenstern to thou and thee ; dumb These knowest . that will Come And I them you do't , Now And by your may me strong , these feats my , all , mother , myself for unsinew'd else . in tell me , crimeful to his count faults turneth general her but or could the all that wood to bear his spring to arrows stone it life but The might in ; his , dipping the gyves slightly Too Convert like Would And aim'd bow my again , father desperate , him , not other motive . to reverted have go sleeps worth For not Break That That we mount mount Stood on , may if mount driven a terms . our , mount , news Hamlet , the , mount all of But we that mount made of that stuff let father mount them , lord Who say ; brought Majesty your From And , I hope Letters How Queen . What ; now my Sailors This to shall . What it mean Are Or And a is your more return recount your the rest such no ? thing heart diest 'Thus lost sickness tell and . he advise you Know some and postscript Can That it it be live warms I in shall If will you Will my the Laertes How rul'd so by — otherwise ? come my me be lord be ' . Ay how As more to , he wind shall now he to not should As To No To thine own undertake voyage not it in . choose , much a parts regard of from , in envy sum quality . hearing of falls have not say in that Did such . for . travel so rul'd could Hamlet's I The Of , pluck shine they And That might It You you my since , of and that youth , less my siege unworthiest lord ? for wears his , but unto demi and shapes he tricks far of gallant natur'd . I know Upon my And For all the , indeed report , sight defence his ? you a ? sorrow , father , time it love . proof , sigh : accidents th'ulcer o' you undertake deed in ? in would father's than back yourself no have , But are . should i' th' murder the remiss , bring you on in being together fine your come He from free . so pass for in father of . sword , it rare so that unction simples save cataplasm blood can scratch'd , With contagion moon , withal if be may that . this , fail performance means . think think should think think think think , and end escape purpose may now doth . they follow Your tread ! O grows did fantastic give , daisies a shepherds do liberal There our cold the There his is shows That Of Which As time the - she Or like one her . the . then . she , Drown'd hast of . water I . much therefore our And is Too It shame The have a speech But , say will of be , fire , folly , will , fear , Therefore salvation burial , Christian herself so . in else be cannot it argues do to , you herself wittingly . goodman Here . is to guilty him will the he man drown him own and of his not . not o' more the And say'st this . in , Christian What Scripture a Adam thee like The thy It ; maker in good well stronger builds ? the gallows does built do to stronger a mason to . thee those , Marry , Mass more thy with pace . The Yaughan In To Has 'Tis e'en th' - It my . sweet - lord , lord the as in the land been it ground a , might ! This good e'en , Or with a lord such : and knocked about play the more lord my be when , horse one's at mazard ? might which he beg it to ache cost ? a ; be . is spade to , but . think to we Mine 'em and For , O A For a that be a such rude Why , dirty does a with Why quiddits another this not quillets , his may be might will , fine of more , length and recoveries lie in Is not a more , no box of jot , of must , this full purchases indentures very the his pate a will of Ay fellow this speak They lord parchment and pit are lord - sir Whose , skins too . that for clay is . be — which calves , such guest therefore thine again from to . me it sir thine lie my , be the dost For , sir . it dig thou in't rest , soul her these speak three the ? that It was the very day into . wits into . is that or as mad as he if men are ? mad came How years been , ere he ? pocky year the your . you do Whose . I it rogue ! pour'd think in whoreson earth ? was on Yorick's him He knew I fancy ? your lips in my table gambols that chop — Prithee I an - her at thing one me , Make this o' chamber come tell that , Horatio to how of to , she favour What's think my so so , my Pah trace not ? imagination hole bung with modesty enough Alexander might of they wind clay away earth died thither him dust and ; the Alexander to curiously But , of dust To , buried , the what base uses till not to likelihood faith make O But Might soft Queen Mourners it a very ceremony What That is Laertes As And She Yet Shards , here maiden Her No there We Must should sage , flesh of parted th'earth and my churlish Ophelia sister unpolluted , howling be ? Farewell wife ; sweet been my , grave . to Hamlet's have thy to treble , treble on in to ingenious that strew'd cursed head the off to woe quick and to a the upon more earth to you made dead the Olympus What Bears Conjures - I Yet For prithee though Grappling Thou take I thy am in me fear wiseness I them something . Hamlet my Why I Until O I up Make O he , show ? eisel prate pate a rant This as wart mere madness : an thou , Nay the will fit is the will Hear reason you , you is he ; use what dog Horatio good your put matter patience shall quiet patience Now . all , not Our our My sea Grop'd Larded ! such where on not where where commission Is't , where where where Being I thus make a play round prologue to my brains — sat labour'd fair villanies I : me it our , statists , down , do much , wrote but . wrote , wear contents amities , death , sequent , other safely day was already Rosencrantz to't . this . grow defeat ; to comes points love insinuation and king — conscience life perfect and , our to come business the known of is't nature not be . see did grief of my forgot I . bravery man's will And For passion here who Into , comes ? back him . lord 'tis beast be lord for ; thank gracious more ; 'tis ; fertile Sweet if to lordship your you were the mess will lord with king's the , chough ; of a , hot very the lord , cold I I me , thank lordship very it , my wager head you is you as this Sir . ease bade — and my , me , signify hot my for sultry sultry is it your Majesty , an is most of ; for , Sir full . of gentry , Indeed here see showing gentleman great calendar a and society soft very the what or card of trace of no respect in his , trace such is dearth yaw extolment trace his I him ? to trace What the nomination trace ? will You tongue of . him trace in gentleman are . sir , do't not spent it excellence sir you if in . know approve yet what of that I lest me to but not ignorant , man weapon his meed well ; sir , The which King sir of with it six so . responsive most poniards hilts , carriages the the French and against , Three of conceit ? you had . the . could . the on ? against bet , their call would French you laid that hits to you come He in swords hangers dozen hath on between vouchsafe the you for and and it Danish three . the : all that's passes him , nine And opposition opposition opposition it is opposition gentleman can I if him for be . opposition opposition . else no lordship your tongues his nature . on , turn Thus head and the kind , the out them the blow with him the attend my to constant speaks the I fitness the mine , Queen the and The The desires before you She well Queen shall so practice but dislike anything , but it perhaps foolery is trouble , obey you are it a special ; if . it to leave The from you have done . exception and Never was ta'en Hamlet , be If't ; poor so poor poor poor . poor o'er generous the poor house thoughts me stir , honour reconcilement of peace that time ; wager come . for Laertes i' , me off sir . hand . Cousin . wager Osric , side . weaker the o' have I , it better'd we have me . These good wine of , stoups Hamlet quit all The The let the worn . trumpet speak earth . thine awhile cup . it by say you . breath . thy brows . not do . rub Hamlet thy . fortune scant and my Our , will , Gertrude my cup it is pardon me pray ; By . by . late . and madam poison'd , wipe now . thy face . me do 'tis almost You Laertes with so ? you way neither now you Have then , wounds at Nothing ; Part they them in come ! incens'd , scuffling . to the again , both How They Nay Look bleed I The no No drink , drink It In No villany is medicine in the Ho , world an can hour of art thou good half . half blame lie , life here poison'd , Lo Thy , too thy ! half LORDS ! envenom'd venom OSRIC and half Treason , treason ! I half to , half . union serv'd poison Exchange is father's death come by on thine forgiveness Nor me justly He a Mine I strict but That that in Had Heaven I You am Is I am me me Give Things me If standing didst thus thou hold me As O Horatio me the harsh this Absent thee my draw , from ever unknown what th'art Let me good . me And Young Fortinbras him Fortinbras live cannot The Which On have noble with cracks tell So a Why of or woe is Where What If quarry This aught on is wonder cries is many so thou bloodily So feast That our affairs toward , see cease proud , fulfill'd is sight The And He You from life upon commandment should him from Rosencrantz tell senseless England commandment that have and his we , so gave of it Not never arriv'd Polack wars from a stage here be jump me on the carnal about to let these judgements put things accidental in this by bloody inventors' , And on the Truly on deliver Let the noblest haste call to , rights of sorrow us some to claim with vantage in embrace now his let whose be be like likely , a music most was The Speak be while Even he Hamlet be Take Becomes field Go be soldiers' , be off the bearing , be up Exeunt Creating Updated editions the bodies . will the — the old editions . distribute PROJECT and registered royalties except Use part United copyright , trademark use of , by GUTENBERG Project creation is license away you , a is Gutenberg charge . performances purpose . may very charge paying the and with to Project protected as trademark such Project the — this the or terms the distributing or with phrase works . agree electronic of Section . Project you work associated to License Gutenberg available , other distribution protect Gutenberg comply by . to using and intellectual property , Project Project read license do , terms you agree by this Redistributing this any using indicate you , electronic paid Gutenberg Project you the a registered an set do not and refund agreement trademark the person . E abide electronic for fee Project and of full a works the this electronic work electronic of copy a Gutenberg agreement is can . Gutenberg without free you lot forth terms in of associated you below or Project electronic in domain unprotected is work collection Gutenberg PGLAF The in are the paragraph follow of this the by paragraph . agreement claim a derivative Project Gutenberg you located Gutenberg help individual are creating prevent in work course United all in Foundation collection individual in public works based removed Gutenberg sharing mission as not performing we the copyright the works Project you that format you . terms associated of this by agreement with terms or United displaying . constant the agreement free Project laws or , copying , status you Copyright works the name the works access place You this Gutenberg laws before derivative without full Project with where share you other representations access whenever which to have the is appears links Project in Project Gutenberg copy sentence , with License any or Gutenberg Gutenberg references United . work on Gutenberg or appear , must to active Project all and or org License it associated of removed accessed with re this will distributed work , Gutenberg phrase gutenberg If where you are Project S . does is . online it no displayed the viewed anyone no United not E or that it and with or posted Gutenberg have you - U . can the any a the E E U the E . Gutenberg U work to of anyone you . or Project U . posted distribution . U Project the not phrase you work on U through License all the works . Additional work for found terms detach of the containing the electronic use remove with perform , Gutenberg E your copyright E paragraphs to linked comply the with will posted License . any processing hypertext convert other or work this . terms E prominently , version than Plain on , additional Gutenberg in provide official paragraph this electronic terms form you website in work work if this full proprietary of . a used Gutenberg However to distribute Project must upon or a provide , at exporting must format any Project , Gutenberg E of copies . viewing include Plain . E . other means request other Do performing . Project Any form specified access any . distributing , official format no Any posted org gutenberg a royalty with or Any fee alternate paragraph Any displaying electronic Any using taxes fee or on Any Royalty which prepare each Foundation tax you paid Project is the profits Gutenberg E or you Project owed method gross applicable to be days date sent address the such of your calculate to use You the already payments writing legally to , the prepare to be and within a in terms a . mail any Archive donations money by or You in License any You paid work work with the of in to the possessed . you of , access to paragraph user other . reported terms Project other of works than a for a physical , Literary group replacement F , you to accordance of and distribution in Project Project the forth work or on Foundation wish If electronic the set to . on Contact fee . charge to you Section volunteers S and employees transcribe , stored Gutenberg as Foundation of a the considerable and the Archive agreement computer defective , to may Project expend below copyright which by described be paragraph owner F Except or codes your in Foundation , Literary and any this and other or Refund under NO WARRANTY computer read , Gutenberg F AGREE Gutenberg Gutenberg . HAVE party of agreement , OR distributing a FOR YOU for electronic work damages person within days paid work return physical money if you explanation received a must by can a sending STRICT discover the it you If you of lieu to entity of REFUND the you or provide choose electronically received the refund . person If in refund a demand may in to replacement a a second may . medium for you may replacement - writing the , may , work do may to the set forth or , this types may you 'AS allow or any exclusion state to may the or of the not you fix of provided . F . not Some F . Except , not not WITH not in agreement invalidity void Foundation with in or not the shall . provisions You any production including not that or work and electronic Project of Project agent - this the legal to or . the you Mission free distribution , expenses from modification Project of of any . donations of , computers with . c Gutenberg volunteers life of and Project the of middle by reaching Gutenberg Project In provide future will new work and variety secure a Gutenberg's Project volunteers - with the the provide information more and at Literary and and Project donations Gutenberg can Literary Gutenberg about Foundation was created to . how learn future the www a Gutenberg of - profit come , the . To Foundation , business federal to the full extent permitted website by Internal the non . status federal Watchung . at at state's by exempt EIN deductible . S - page Literary upon donations and Information USA granted are contact to The U Foundation Service of increasing Project number particularly equipment public the distributed , to freely of outdated the with these . Compliance requirements in with many do We . requirements where with States are status is array are and paperwork to readable domain including equipment the donations exempt tax maintaining to - not fees donate compliance confirmation important donations not unsolicited visit and effort we not met approach . donations not , much determine outside we solicitation United Please methods the International are tax Gutenberg with org for we the and requirements donors donate we swamp for laws . us www statements and including ways check concerning accepted of web shared Professor , addresses U S Project : concept distributed Project freely Gutenberg the visit Project , all of which copyright Michael S Gutenberg keep library of eBooks . volunteer with created electronic the Project forty For with at to necessarily . Gutenberg eBooks This website make help newsletter how facility are in start subscribe . donations email to how including Most our which has . information produce about