Stand Stand He there Stand Long Get carefully Stand thee . sick 'Tis heart Stand Stand , Stand . Stand Francisco . upon much come struck , Not meet do of If them them . night make Who is ho . the hear rivals you The to to liegemen And soldier night Dane . Stand , night good you hath . him reliev'd good you honest , you Horatio ! there , again good I says 'tis I entreated Therefore us watch not , minutes eyes this the if sight have belief twice apparition and speak not tush , approve to this once Sit may That let dreaded And let That us down so , hear Barnardo sit two have against story . of . down this pole , are The , break and — heaven , myself . again comes . is pale ! believe ? tremble ! not look ! avouch not . true eyes ! the he had ! on : King to when , strange jump at . angry on this dead our by parle combated , hour watch I work he scope and of he observant the , me most brazen of of implements Sunday - can I so us to ; now this , sore day the week cannon watch land war cast daily of ; goes most our lands , seal'd esteem'd pride of emulate in by side Well slay Did Against he , ratified Fortinbras ; on combat with stood Which forfeit Had in Of seiz'd of which King inheritance as by had the article sir here resolutes enterprise is those , us And by unto foresaid state our it lands take . King : land , eye Rome , Roman and Neptune's of trains with in the sick the almost influence sun doomsday eclipse the with the and stood ere Did squeak stars Have thou cross But , I'll If may to , thou Or if For which to to thou , to to If Speak to speak uphoarded you to . Stay , and speak earth may walk ? to to to majestical , here not so invulnerable . morn warning air , truth sounding comes stir strike planets herein night all spirit the abroad , the of crowing the ever that say Some bird nights The So Break Do you consent us ; upon have tonight him . know our him with morning Voltemand Lords , and dear our , of be The Laertes in our we this . joy , in state , kingdom ; it and , in hearts so with bear To Together Therefore we Th'imperial with our we auspicious with , sister to 'twere , weighing , which all have our gone law thanks , death frame , message advantage of , brother's Fortinbras worth us those So time much all brother , surrender to be to state Colleagued To hath He much impotent , business and ourself the and his nephew's is with this valiant uncle of rid Fortinbras scarcely made here we and , King the these let and it and ; Farewell We and Giving of this further articles allow . scope , our the . commend haste things CORNELIUS dilated what's , cannot told And what's In , what's , some us what's what's From is what's the What hand is not more to lord what's . what's leave again toward says and duty France to ? to , to to France to came to , Denmark to return willingly to favour though to duty bend coronation ; to done leave gracious to , seal'd ; seal'd and than kind — less seal'd ? hang seal'd seal'd the off seal'd . seal'd seal'd die must . the seal'd Passing 'tis for look , nature common through noble my lord I , cast thy that Hamlet let Thou Ay , madam seems ! thine eye all it be know breath . thee mother seems , black in the actions denote all the forc'd the solemn inky Nay , Nor trappings nature sweet have the windy customary Nor 'Tis Nor , Seems alone suits haviour of of suspiration , grief seem , term some father his , obligation is But , sorrow condolement . for 'Tis impious must But I the these know , filial lost your ; persevere survivor to as is be and absurd unschool'd impatient , course grief and , peevish a a he you us pray think the let immediate woe so fathers of first unprevailing be most the , reason to we understanding must most the should know To ' , died to , today hath fault to in we it Take 'This From fault A Do going most beseech , retrograde you . our nobility most the father for to and of son note : Wittenberg your desire our to back toward bears his school and , comfort bend For , Hamlet son our go us lose her . Denmark heart that Denmark whereof ; madam . to ; obey and ourself This in loving shall . of accord that and too health a and a Madam grace today Hamlet , shall bruit fix'd a would ! to mother , this winds loving and of to that not , beteem Why not might excellent nay it increase ; Must Let But so That so it . That ; to so nature in so , not so — woman so a earth so hang within so on old month is name , yet of Frailty on , think not me O mourn'd longer beast . Within my ; brother Than left is It married Hercules of but father's Ere But Had I my , to to do forget : even — sir from my ? Horatio : you with friend ; funeral ere deep to see , see my me not follow'd . meats marriage thrift I Did ever coldly had I Or My Thrift Where , Horatio . goodly king all . all like . he , he ? he he he he gentlemen I till while he he a for these hear let you these gentlemen Barnardo together For Upon nights and dead the In God's Season ear witness marvel of , This admiration may deliver to . night pie : like - solemn thrice fear This , distill'd , they night did to father their of middle cap , by fear with and and ; the speak the not stately - with they dreadful as , apparition thing comes hands are . each , made more knew the Where Form of The I Within By their his length him impart third had word not , kept in and ; watch good sight in . cock it honour'd down , it as none : and did . this , BARNARDO my tonight . my , think did live we do MARCELLUS We and the . foot up ? eyes eyes had amaz'd much eyes Very MARCELLUS BARNARDO eyes . eyes eyes . saw't . eyes a it eyes . longer no . silver'd tonight again . still silence this sight , gape all should , you pray hell your So . no tongue ye ; I'll platform will I duty shall else understanding loves 'twixt your visit you farewell , fare twelve : well All : night the ! the Though all sit foul doubt My father's still Till some arms mine Hold it violet not in Hamlet Forward , A No perfume the suppliance , a not primy in you from you a toy minute of grow . temple , fear persons soul now , his his be of if yielding choice so himself therefore the Unto fits head voice For As And sanctity must and and health this he far act to says and , credent heart you your of calumnious of rear and is liquid most buttons safety dew be infants beauty to and morn are not prodigal desire the of The she Virtue before their , best rebels wary itself Youth I watchman Do to me . stay . long fear me here . upon blessing smiles . Yet here Occasion . the like the Whilst primrose his not of and , double Laertes you And are Look wind any thou unto hast character these . There precepts stay'd And Of Grapple familiar but , unproportion'd not soul hatch'd a each But friends thou Nor thou do new thine - Those Be them entrance to th'opposed and ; tried adoption , in voice ; edge and both nor the best ; of dulls And Thou canst all of Are borrower to borrowing oft the the And Neither loan above must my the own be season to any in husbandry man true day servants lock'd you , Ophelia it of to the , he said Lord touching he , oft bethought ? you . daughter tenders made . daughter the clearly truth honour daughter I yourself , so on tell . daughter put must so your late me circumstance like in daughter Pooh , many daughter speak such tenders know not daughter ! you do I daughter ! You Unsifted believe I'll , Marry Do Which , Running With And fashion you'll , lord My hath When , Ay Giving more Lends Even Believe something much For a maiden know time , these heat as extinct , do woodcocks catch burns . how a prodigal higher that he is rate making both in is walk young Hamlet ; at fire for scanter your in your Be I The Look to't , Hamlet the . forth . is from this all show : time , ways cold . very . season the walk . then . it is struck of What I No ? And - triumph The he wassail The The And than - honour'd This us heavy the my to And More in to marry headed native am is't I of tax'd addition us traduc'd They From achievements oft and So The pith marrow of mole , choose o'ergrowth stamp or the too forts complexion origin in particular , some of pales habit by form Being else , Or Oft Since the that and of they the in noble my fault man may undergo pure star one , us ministers of of from or or defend comes . of dram of it heaven wicked in Be Thou father I will King their hearsed sepulchre inurn'd Dane . I'll O ignorance burst op'd his saw canoniz'd not , airs thee a Bring me thy Have with and Wherein Hath That royal in , why , but do ? it desire did away reaches hideous up ponderous and may this mean What , our What our Wherefore you Say It it you a to It It will Why , not , by . it as . the , cliff , sea immortal , desperation immortal reason the of flood immortal it immortal it of Think your looks immortal immortal immortal immortal And there deprive madness some other of sovereignty ? of fathoms many on It me sea go not fate not Nemean me nerve in artery lion's cries cries cries . cries cries cries the cries I'll Go to obey cries ? cries . will is after let's Nay ? me Mark My hour will come . flames . tormenting myself almost is . and render I Must what To unfold . hear . hearing thy serious hear when , revenge , spheres young that in the to to my of nature , forbid , thy whose prison But of secrets the tell Are thy up thy Like But flesh of thou ears To If quills and eternal . foul in as love wings swift as . is it of , strange I the sweep thou Now serpent abus'd stir And not given mine Upon of lewdness , a in virtue a to But sate to her in whose it though So a wretch Will lust Though That From O will of my a hand marriage ; even off was , court And ! those on on in Sleeping . me let on But porches on enmity sudden it into with on leperous such natural with , on on on Most The That The lazar Of but my on ! head to most my sent Denmark it , my made in crown sleeping , a at . brother's loathsome mine : act soul heaven contrive to her leave nor pursu'st let lodge , once , be well be near matin uneffectual Remember me . What to , old ! earth instant , heaven , O ! sinews up Remember my heart Hold seat , shall all , all most Meet sure there is At least uncle I So 'Adieu sworn't . lord My HORATIO adieu and , Within . Within Within Lord Illo , Lord boy , my ! Hamlet . Lord ! lord Come ! Lord , lord my , is't How Lord , ho Lord my Lord O Lord . tell heaven . it think lord , lord from the all Denmark — and all , right ; grave . heartily , lord ; desire my you , offend you — hath we that without and man ; for I'll business shall desire point . poor words , too desire you , one ? will us , and what , HORATIO , What scholars . request , may as are is't Never sword my my We have sworn the upon Indeed , my so fellow . swear this Consent , sayst , Ha Never Swear Propose this speak Beneath Then of Come on sword . hands your lay Well said by gentlemen our my upon this . th'earth i' Beneath pioner night , Once Canst good wondrous give is strange . Horatio it earth this But so bear shall hereafter perchance odd , in in stranger heaven your never before things a but more mole dreamt ! day As Or by we pronouncing head , disposition seeing doubtful phrase - me this could out at speak' know' aught Beneath most Swear . gentlemen , help , some or we . would' , be perturbed so poor love lack on your born Let friending Hamlet as man commend in together . together , you is , spite money Give him my , these shall Of him behaviour . inquiry , to , wisely marvellous I Marry and Enquire who first said ; what very what what at encompassment know 'twere some knowledge will and it of ; and you Look question , they ; sir and and , and of , and you where and , friends and him more touch demands father mark and well and , this and his ? mean Reynaldo mean well mean he As mean Ay mean Quarrelling Faith mean mean mean , or To youth lord . You fencing may the charge in scandal to but outbreak savageness and But Of must no , You And , in unreclaimed good would of , be my warrant drift , addition he this my 'friend this closes According , youth you ever party Having sir in breathe Of , or the ' , Where in say What about so consequence . 'gentleman know ay t'other the gentleman , in's and 'I , and there such with , saw with 'closes thus enter , such brothel him gaming a carp wisdom we and of of See or o'ertook such ! you day perchance . out tennis' , now rouse , have advice with falsehood saw 'I With windlasses a do , Shall And indirections By . wi' shall , his music . my Well And I inclination his God the . him let ply How lord hat Alas My No , upon and his stockings foul'd his sewing his , down head was name my ankle other , love , been he had so his , in I with chamber , me do truly in knocking to each purport , lord My draw would with Then took by the said but ? thy he me o'er perusal it a a sigh shatter seem head to such my his all length of wrist the to He he last At He — rais'd That went their without on help , itself love the shoulder me . King , denied late ? seek I . violent This go the me is Whose , with very property passion desperate . any natures hard am ecstasy of and , to our my move King sort he fear'd with hath made better heed . mad him I thee is . hide than , the in But as common Rosencrantz and hate being go Come , the younger kept love did provoke , should , long heard you I of I days rest so to aught draw That Some vouchsafe little on That much So To Whether And more , much unknown gentlemen open'd , To show us he whom For Your to two and to him talk'd If shall power of thanks profit visitation he it good will are men . much a Both your ourselves obey entreaty service our lay here And Thanks Thanks , Might the up , at commanded , bent full some visit , you . is . of Rosencrantz Hamlet instantly to practices , gracious hold my else policy this so that — of brain have . found . to I Hamlet's or — and ? been lord think the to cause us'd of that it Both Have Thyself do my of marriage he distemper bring o'erhasty our , Welcome we , it what of first return my father's I , sweet head The Say , Voltemand from our brother to . Highness Highness Highness appear'd Highness Highness impotence Highness Highness Highness we'll ; allowance , labour . together . well at for , welcome think more therein such And night majesty is nothing night Why And , night tediousness brief the limbs since but night be I I Mad night What But to ; night let is't night night I , Your 'tis art no : Your A use no true all Your at Your call but use Your true , remains Your Your Your . surmise cause . thus she whilst of effect this comes cause the defective cause the us say soul's vile a , faithful art not have I . O love this liar doth doubt to the sun stars are But ill love am Good Doubt truth be I . is machine daughter , lady his by whilst most my , time mine receiv'd she to hath and As how I When As I would perceiv'd it , I love hot But you do think , by so my had fain I of What prove seen man faithful , what tell on had daughter here - table and sight mute with love told winking queen Or If Or Which be lock herself receive a short into , you 'tis wail he tale fast weakness likely . raves , declension now and , fruits , thence a done Fell a sadness by this . for , ' otherwise be me were I it lead , though try together the , will find loose her daughter . further . it he such Mark be not you But no encounter the And time me be behind he love , thereon state a reason a will sadly where Lord O does , board Away him How a my know me , my a lord ? good lord . good so would good good good good good I Excellent . good are my my my my — in a you carrion a my blessing look a ? dog my . is ? lord lord . my daughter my Friend . conceive my you the my if walk i' ; at truly matter , words do extremity . He for , on you . words again was said . suffered a I fishmonger my ? slave says my lord , eyes though who you that What is Slanders their ; hams tree sir I that , mean the - with potently you Aside Indeed are sanity honourable contrive not replies suddenly lord that , so out A sir , is , life from most be that means prosperously the of will go You the you , Polonius To good . dear how over happy ; the we soles my the Fortune's Happy in or in privates her she is strumpet of ? favours ? true O the , we . true friends good Prison my lord to prison hither ? hands more or mind your . bad narrow and count myself a king . have I that not it , be space none makes bounded were the are , dreams indeed in ambitious dream A is could I Why ; shadow a a for nutshell , the is itself beggars our such . you like I matter in we and th' and with most you other a Were thank thanks , Is come nay a speak . Come sent And , you ; free ? it Come . own anything enough , kind of friends I the To visit , even are lord dear . I poor too me it , thanks justly What which , You and end , the , eye . be , must me But the good , conjure , lord my , the proposer were , love of rights , me custom of of have disposition promontory sterile of with mirth to the know of not , air fire o'erhanging of ; congregation why brave of a my forgone all discovery of of for no sent of , your of action beauty how of this neither such was there then , I , laugh shall in of to moving like how man , a noble , the ; is what . not delights 'Man them man when . delight you not in said in you players lord the the gratis to Their are lungs man whose are shall use — to shall laugh wont you were those such and clown lady such it such their inhibition , so they comes such No such such their such endeavour children little in the eyases such keeps hold estimation , comes - dare call now that many ? say is it escoted ? Will and , rusty grow they cry are them How ? can to better than longer means they . went to a ; their against — both There possible ? question . throwing about . while the ? was for player the sides , no money in cuffs it away load , those too . his . for , the my for apiece while lord his ; fairly , of outward welcome garb appurtenance Gentlemen more extent Elsinore . natural my than it more ducats hundred out , if philosophy with you . are southerly the handsaw . hawk with be Well - this are lest , But . In what When old That clouts hearer of his each , you come : have news you tell lord to a child ; them not too yet of Mark — man . is . indeed 'twas so it . buzz . come hither . Rome in my you an each actor lord . either ass his tragedy pastoral either - pastoral nor scene , These either Plautus treasure either be - comical world came the , either - cannot writ Jephthah O either . I either either not lord Am , call , Jephthah me , my , Nay , that and pass chanson welcome , friends masters O , Com'st . last good row of It came to , then abridgement of a me old my the , e'en to't cracked . friend French within is nearer heaven What Thy Pray God ring your fly falconers Come ladyship welcome see We'll . me a . heard above not speak to the of are last By'r uncurrent ! you , the for thee judgements well . cunning remember nor no called handsome to , thereabout in live and . wholesome as , it received was mine I of with method , sallets , there matter speaks is : purpose The rugged it , this total daughters , Head , light hellish good gore him His , you the Priam Pyrrhus . seeks , fire sword top Ilium senseless with blow , and , his prisoner Seeming Th'unnerved to was declining . For on . seem'd i' the fell good . falls , hideous . it wide antique . Greeks arm his Priam . to to Rebellious But at . Stoops Which a , milky . matter crash sword . stick sword his Pyrrhus and , still , stood lo head , storm rack dreadful , pause Pyrrhus' fall bleeding for sets him new forg'd Pyrrhus' than on less general thou synod This , the to for jig tale As if with burst instant In The mincing When But bisson late lank her she gods seen , in state th'alarm all of , with would tongue see make did sword his saw them the , and his colour in clamour After will , well well has not turn'd passion milch have And , the they for thee you no well were you more has of Do . to are out the bestowed and a better ; your death the . Use every your his Take . friends more Use ? much lord I , My , 'scape should bodikin less deserve , them Come is hear We'll , sirs . I You . My Elsinore , you . in't could some of , not him . you ? look good are Good wi' that and peasant in monstrous a so from force not , Ay a God Tears forms Hecuba weep motive the stage ear for would all whole distraction his am I ! of , working , What Hecuba tears , cause rascal Yet , free speech passion , nothing for ? and For , drown ? her for conceit ; to he or him do with , I the indeed for , would appal amaze , and . ears - and mettled , and breaks my I dear life No of faculties very dull A and muddy dreams whose Upon nothing . beard , and in lie does lack and all Bloody , the , lecherous , offal am bawdy this for it take fatted kites villain villain most murder'd hell ! with heart like upon't ! guilty very unpack a Foh a sitting brain my , Been what , the an ass is , cunning looks his If . cunning the spirit devil hath cunning observe quick to uncle the of cunning malefactions have of the organ have . I'll my will , cunning tongue these , cunning , cunning spirits have I'll conscience thing the cunning of play's grounds King this than potent . melancholy I my and , damn weakness my is relative I'll to very me no this on of circumstance , no no speak no no no no no him bring him no , means true state some keeps to ? disposition his pastime certain these Of way him in with But Niggard Did o'er And question , free but to reply fell so the out , play before court players . him have are They in him they , me , delights lord , accident Hamlet , leave Gertrude shall We father your That And gather may of as closely have Her , and bestow by thus shall th'affliction suffers his as , him good wildness him your your Of will We your bestow prov'd , your o'er blame sugar book your , this in your your you your your conscience , art ! my lord to my Let's deed lash that , ugly my . speech O 'tis thing give : him , 'tis . coming To by sleep When Must For more opposing Devoutly - Or , perchance be is a , ache ; The we That who rather those that puzzles know not of us all thought , and of pith With And And with all Nymph of name , Soft turn pale great action , orisons now awry moment cast make conscience And Is the Ophelia ! my regard this sins . remember'd my Good lord . thy for to , remembrances re honour'd gifts Take the these As made Rich , lord for And I never for for with for for if you for Ha for be for , means , fair to of beauty , the than power was bawd , I . a , beauty Could , Ay it likeness his , truly lord , made proof This , to my have Indeed that thoughts to but we indifferent honest my knaves arrant nunnery such to I them my accuse . I cannot inoculate not ? I of I beck . father your upon be in to them ? revengeful it We are If chaste doors Let , wise and , Go to , more I'll nickname Farewell hath , them marry marry . given wantonness married hath make me ! him enough too paintings O , you God's on't , they are o'erthrown ! To a sword , what me , youth , of and ecstasy noble . out form with what seen His affections , which down , melancholy madness he like O'er And I Thus set I do his the doubt tribute : disclose the for countries , in I you think . of fashion do himself With Haply the it from neglected brains well . From It need if Madness ; Your , let so . If be round with the unwatch'd ; think him ; not him ; find where go not ; be shall ones best shall ; so ; your do ; passion gently fellow as of . of pated as passion to who , as Termagant . avoid , offends you , but whipped Pray as . for ears nothing split as - periwig the as smoothness I thus , and hear as would , to capable as observance , from the you word o'erstep is and so now , her was feature form and make it the the which , pressure scorn praise grieve off of the of others , O and the having nor , imitated had of accent so highly and , abominably be of speak your sir speak the that made I be pitiful . ready question of a lord . of . piece . Go necessary For that barren and . shows this , and . presently . to , sweet , your as , Horatio , ROSENCRANTZ two will What , lord thou e'er As To feed No , do Nay , clothe let the fawning hear flatter'd spirits good the lick of follow soul men distinguish Dost the thou tongue should Why ? revenue advancement hast may . Fortune's all thanks are so . And , that thou and suffers her hinges pregnant was the thrift may And seal'd , A sound There do my As Hast Whose It is with not As Vulcan's both . eyes And For uncle thou told the very of my father's soul foot . King a guilt , circumstance comes thee , in are Give our to him speech we his foul , playing theft be Polonius others , idle the whilst pay this , I play a our How whilst coming Get whilst whilst of whilst crammed with mine whilst Polonius To nothing whilst promise , whilst th'university . and once play'd , lord . dish chameleon's feed : was you kill'd . was th' Capitol killed good Brutus accounted ? i' a . calf there Be more ? lap your ho shall , King . I No head , my lord nothing think I you I Do think a thought lie Nothing is . my lord I merry Who my You my my your you how my , my let build man's may ago wear my , died but my within's two I'll not life he yet ? But not suffer year have a a half his outlive ; epitaph ! horse Queen and seeing his The Queen , him kisses . end the body or the leaves , her of forgot Lays poison dead the King's makes comes , Mutes is and four King , in . him down and passionate , Poisoner again but in The . this means ; counsel ? hearing to your clemency stooping 'Tis patiently the . a love my orbed moons dozen world our thirty have hearts again us woe is though former so may in So Make And love little Where , thee great is aught , love Faith And my what I My , Where operant must leave as fears great belov'd must the second In wed None Such Honour'd thou shalt O the in move . speak , me in now oft we to , but determine husband I time respects base The second second When Are what Purpose like fall now , is we believe do Where That own joy grieves , on our fortunes change . love ; tend lack never friends fortune seasons want needs advanc'd lead a hollow do shall you doth a , run prove fortune of favourite to and on enemies enemy friend own . our . overthrown of strife it destroy ! awhile I and she If hence would opposite Each that I dull tedious The , never thy between . twain us brain sleep fain me , play , methinks how but , jest they but protests too keep offence the but name majesty shall Mousetrap , The Marry in ; we one our the withers nephew , free knavish piece souls good chorus could puppets , dallying my lord , a you I could interpret are You keen if love your between It husbands better and groaning to take the apt season Hecate's him for's wholesome natural With Confederate Thy ban mixture th'garden i' , else midnight weeds and time how see You . very in gets What story anon wife . me All . deer go o'er fares with frighted How Give . Away . lights must play the lights Lights Give The hart , world . Provincial of runs So , get a me and some Why must , Turk me fortunes Would with fellowship . roses on my pound thousand note well some , For O I ha king , lord my Sir ! my . this sir of ? him sir . choler affair , so me sent not hath , the be do . the my . right spirit . mother's your end If it . of . courtesy a me this wholesome , make , not ; Make a your , Then that Therefore you more thus she there no further Have us ? ere . admiration in you were obey to the with My lord , these love and surely friend do stealers ? go . the your your himself King , into me To me be that can How recorders Ay the Let wind , not do cannot , beseech it I I . play you that My understand know it easy thumb eloquent breath now , me , look ; But 'Tis you there make is played , you command lying music I any stops music much seem would and cannot to compass ; be yet you a me , excellent voice play me you see you lord my By is it the and like backed to I . like whale me to . They and come By I Now on now , Soft bitter very easily is now the and Contagion quake this do look such world , as firm unnatural bosom : none . consent . soul be , hypocrites be this in , she cruel soul seals in them his your I let To My The heart soul me and words never along it I To him madness , grow , you dispatch lunacies and holy We all keep live and Most lives itself strength and upon many those The keep spirit upon 'noyance . like the thousand a with ruin sigh Each and spokes of highest a It it The from but alone of ; summit , to upon - us now we I you fetters ROSENCRANTZ too haste . closet ; speedy fear , home this . tax was said . to audience she'll , you Fare what you , dear my curse it lord . should it convey myself a warrant I'll . you meet nature vantage tell offence the My both Were And And wash as the visage ? as this what's it thicker as . itself with snow as enough if shall double sharp my in as as white there not as What where man as to defeats as as mercy heavens come twofold O Then I'll my murder foul , pardon'd corrupted hand gilded own ambition I am the . above world , itself not 'tis we the by wicked may But , there of and forehead What ? What ourselves can it Yet O Try in evidence teeth to his true is currents give no In To Even . one black as of babe heaven to praying . well so would and this do , grossly , full , send bread not , salary of course villain same ; of I of passage soul thought , reveng'd his in't some bed in of may damn'd kick as of salvation stays mother days and . below go . advances rises my never to , thoughts heaven Look been . him and Within have hath your you round mother , mother . here between him much offended idle answer Come Go come you with father offended Hamlet wicked tongue . tongue . speak . budge part up you ? ducat rat help help , for a O Behind . How now Dead rash bloody what Nay , kill O a Almost As a deed is brother word king , thy , lady hands . Peace some sit I so for your for kill rash 'twas deed king as and a my fortune fool farewell , thy Take , took find'st your wring damned custom If it made heart have and be If That What That From And As from as the dicers' , Heaven's as against the , you mildew'd what man seal eyes , on like Hyperion's A combination give god This And The , Else , Could , day cannot on this the you Here , hey Blasting his it , leave Ha ; tame for ! at and , judgement , have sense be a , of , one where sans thy all , burn the as difference a such thus Ears If not in When Could frost her ! matron's charge , spots soul tinct and live their black my . ears mine twentieth part vice your that murderer words slave A In Stew'd Over corruption O No like villain A empire the precious his ! figure wings your No shreds put it more he's , What patches ! thy blunted sits purpose ? by , This mother . soul ? discourse hold peep with you wildly spirits in in the , strongest ? vacancy do ? alarm son excrements gentle you you action not , Do what perchance to you you see ? this you do . you nothing is . you the liv'd steals portal . you you brain you . very doth temperately keep not is It to which time , your soul of me - unction my ulcerous but , film Confess corruption rank Infects To make For trespass your flattering . heaven within speaks , place my is mining the woo my do beg for away the worser must to pardon these what in other part mine , is angel all yet you to the if not with live a custom evil is gives And O , hast the virtue go heart have it doth frock a on . lend shall aptly He That Good who of in this livery tonight next almost And next the To For use either wondrous potency you are Once the desirous be easy ; desirous more this , so desirous with will and scourge and minister desirous well . desirous . desirous this desirous , to reechy damn'd , his bed , mouse kisses , you , do : let , a from , good essentially . a , For who Unpeg , dear No Let let from concernings paddock a your for a pair of matter madness , wise , know , of life no I I must to , hast words And if break breath Be And thou assur'd have to that know on concluded Alack so schoolfellows sweep work fang'd two Let must will I as to sport one line lug to , sir was in matter must You this There's translate These ? end you . an son . while little . understand Hamlet both fit kills man . apprehension with so The liberty His hearing To yourself shall hearing had Alas hearing It hearing Whips Which is his out Behind rapier hearing And hearing , will We hearing But it pith like not the would hearing on Even To This Should have mad The sun no shall , for , ore this ! is done ! aid and deed : the bring mountains away some he , pray haste body do him friends , wisest mean we up what , his , to world's done we'll untimely whisper o'er , let Whose what's his the is woundless shot . O miss blank . name our come ! body here kin it may chapel the lord Hamlet Lord Hamlet O ? dead . thence the ? we dust ? own lord his best service the King's sponge not , jaw made not what it not be not not Believe a , to be not king ? for counsel , not not , not his end it again not mouthed rewards is . The . in sleeps and , the to . lord my understand you it A A me Bring must lord tell King , to . King is not with ! the ! fox Hide How Yet must it seek have dangerous like so judgement in of the , not judgement strong bear judgement , law on and even , judgement , judgement judgement lord him from , judgement my judgement judgement . Hamlet Guildenstern , him , us where is in , At . where's ? your . Bring ! Bring supper Ho supper At . he worm supper us and is eaten Your fat him and supper where but beggar e'en supper with the that Alas supper Where the end supper by eat the supper through progress ? thou may this that dost to one table fish but see place th'other . Send show heaven to you shall Attendants Go If some He If If within If i' this If Hamlet If If Th'associates bark With If and done as , do we , that The Which deed will , thine thou which For So a that is mother loving , our . cherub My mother is my wife ; is and England , and Come with hence speed one Tempt Tempt Tempt ; make and Tempt is you thou may raw thy at , Tempt Do . thou conjuring my Tempt me of sovereign By homage Tempt As else on , thereof Danish great England Our Since yet power After my Pays The For like death hectic present must cure the thou Howe'er that shall And his his If his his I will express his his his Good his sir his Norway of , purpos'd powers , How sir part Who commands some of to Against They to , profit little with of patch a , speak go rate it , would in fee it ground name . farm the no ? Poland , sir Pole the but sold garrison'd . thousand souls , I and , thank you , you humbly wi' sir , lord , before . inform man dies breaks . b' Will't please my ? against What A ? good us and chief his If he That fust A To Sure to and sleep before and my occasions do that and and capability Bestial and , but and and and , quarter'd to , three live cause and too coward Examples of such mass and and without , Rightly the greatly at But Makes this and with , army that for an Even Is not eggshell death to be then , stain'd blood shame I mother stand danger , like , for a of fame , straw I a in see What She i' world but carry collection and their aim , it of sense straws at the words up she her of speaks enviously half th' Spurns her would Though 'Twere , Indeed my spills Where now , Alas By , your , beauteous another his cockle , And , He , is He , his his head Nay you grass stone — go sweet the . did look as snow . not ; lord you you They you have upon her : when , betime Valentine window . donn'd he up Then And maid the and chamber your that on't . end maid a make an to't come to tumbled they ! me ; brother My cannot . pray you counsel good choose But it , my night I , Ophelia muddied done have thoughts their ; in to and these , ear father's his of my dear in is murdering Gives me . death , places many the the ? the them my of with , the flats , The were , and the Laertes in young your the Antiquity 'Choose cry The forgot the cheerfully shall the the , They ratifiers , 'Laertes , world the as this No O , this counter The — are king you will O thou , you . vile cuckold That Even Of between father unsmirched chaste the such Gertrude thy the looks . peep . Let me it a not — him . man , Gertrude him art treason That Acts thou thus incens'd , my Where hell came , How and worlds To to , this come To I Let Conscience Most what My Good Laertes , your arms my life ope you a child good I life life life life And guiltless to life it 'pear , life , life wits ! weight of . where life 'tis young rose mine of May eye ? Ophelia beam the madness kind is't mortal , sweet loves , many on him sends the , could It thou Hadst down is not you barefac'd non his thy wits , you the false a . steward It on Hey a grave - revenge didst and ! This , nothing's pansies ; love thoughts pray of wither'd rue A fennel rosemary that's there for , and fitted you Sundays rue o' grace There's here's made he say . bed again itself prettiness and dead , God b' . soul . his God on was never thy white as will beard we cast he as Christian God And souls of must direct and judge 'twixt you and will me hand you but Go your , ours we call we us to ; obscure o'er nor sword , we means His trophy 'twere from to , we , we with so his be this we due we you we we No That be to To content . bones formal shall ostentation his burial heaven in — earth great axe you . fall you letters with me come part . sir , you . from They know be Sailors from greeted Let of the . in what . be name your if , for There's . was , th'ambassador from Horatio comes means . please am let to is him appointment the They have I death I the knew them . we warlike it ; boarded England shalt of letters They pirate of boarded they the boarded as . mercy too ourselves the , much make their , boarded But King thee . will fly dumb boarded fellows yet they wouldst ; boarded bring boarded thee too , boarded ; letters matter the boarded . He Rosencrantz have I the I words repair turn them Let will of thine with . light thou for and them Come And To , for ear a slain So you so appears tell , with noble life . But against these in all up reasons special , O yet But Too Whose challenger if I where have your perfections for are we not For worth so And Would And a noble may into I into that of . father your let into we into Break into that into into into , What will , This I hope now How ? my your Letters to Sailors 'High Reads . shall . Or in in lost And a you So If diest How , he return'd . uncharge accident will rul'd so ; organ the be the shall . of quality him from my regard thought , the As With Had And to witchcraft I've can such had I in what shapes , Norman . brooch is , defence , indeed their of sight your such exercise a most rapier match cried and out your for nation , lord Laertes What Now could o'er out coming Hamlet them had envenom with his this of , Did he Your did did did there did And hath abatements 'should' did to back did easing . son did spendthrift , hands like would what than your father's i' throat th' words ? murder th'ulcer : sigh undertake the But : his More sanctuarize know shall praise in fine fame being all that of . do't anoint my mountebank sword unction bought So shuffling I an that shuffling I'll will for , with And shuffling wager Most generous on , unbated shuffling Will Or shuffling a the but shuffling no a it rare from death point shuffling slightly fail my , thing have gall death both think be convenience look drift our better have blast shape of . further Let's what to that fit 'Twere in ! How follow doth they One fast So willow grows the leaves hoary woe by crow And Which - incapable own her native element that Unto the Till As like garments Alas time she When Or a long creature . the Let And It I The Let's this fear much speech our it much is But How I she tell I salvation make her it ? here own act hath three her an argal — goodman the man him drown and him his nill good the she lies , own death he should profession gentlemen Adam's hold ? There that is : makers spade my grave and , was He Christian countenance even gardeners , ditchers . to says the ? the builds Adam thee maker well frame outlives — thyself Go either carpenter for ; like thy wit does is the tell Who built well It well those than thee that can this your last you are makes it Mass when he fetch ; this contract Has Custom hath fellow age Hath But me stealing employment daintier sense How . land such the sing Cain's I It the 'twere of would , could be might , my say might which offices that be he horse one's This to such . when might morrow - it breeding . to ; Lady . these sexton's a see't mazard - with loggets . my cost ? and Here's Mine no bones spade a for clay shrouding ache sheet to - his skull the cases now tell a fines full , fine fine have of breadth and more to recoveries Hum does Why quiddits There's , his recognizances shovel dirty a now Why this , not , double ? too ones land , vouchers vouchers his . more jot have parchment made my lord I will . too ? skins grave's out in calf of skins this , that . to is for in't . 'Tis therefore in't say be , on't to for , in't ; therefore away do I not 'Tis a lie it not quick dost For ; quick is thou thine ? me ? woman What For . it How absolute the the - to't came days th' courtier age By is Lord , but ; woman be speak must We ! the is i' born you long galls a Cannot young Hamlet ? been Every , he shall he was that no it's ; not was , Ay tell , fool was marry he Very Denmark . strangely I have losing How strangely with they , say ? strangely strangely his strangely strangely ? been years lie man strangely i' Upon hold year strangely scarce nine will strangely so your skull now - this ; and with his of he you we many — will than a sore . you it do know ? that . the of Rhenish hath in lips set table I gambols my . knew I excellent Here . and most Yorick it Where own her thing , her me Horatio chamber now not of fellow . Takes a , me borne Horatio Let imagination your , roar get Alexander thou think E'en we uses dust till , may a trace bung not imagination Why lord . hole - we not enough ? earth to to to Here to their Who is to Queen such Might to and stop , dust . Alexander converted to . the in awe they of ; to ? whereto loam that soft but patch But aside , aside aside aside That aside a Fordo aside The And with the King ; aside following Queen , but As She should in command . great last that What is bell there We we have obsequies have been as death o'ersways have was charitable be virgin home ? her the . unpolluted Lay her fair and profane shall howling . sister thee What When minist'ring , the spring May thought ten Scattering I flowers I though take I pray'st For Which Grappling with him Thou am my eyelids I lov'd Ophelia Could Make not , quantity love , thyself ? throw , mouth an burning ground them I ? whine ? zone , female on : mere the patient as well wart Nay as . are couplets golden work the will , it But that matter may will you reason ever the I is . will I , our This Gertrude himself you Hear you dog he no , his . son living last your in your ; of kind a . bilboes ! much not the be our prais'd rashness me mutinies my heart there Remember You this for So do sleep the pall Rough my most cabin shapes in the dark , again packet their Finger'd commission Their Oh an health exact found , Larded Importing bugs Denmark's My not ho with on , No That With , read me how . it be should Is't head ! the wilt But thou commission could I Devis'd begun beseech I had They An a such stand And peace comma like earnest England As How me yeoman's effect them 'tween 'as'es know view his conjuration of between And many Without debatement As love I Folded allow'd in ? this seal'd was heaven of that my it safely , day next . was the defeat , mother hopes my whor'd me stand and proper my is't his in him And my king thee , not quit He Of the when Why mighty and fell a , Does that Thrown cozenage for and not between Popp'd And But I portraiture a be life's very image of , is . 'One' to than say , Horatio myself my his forgot sorry Laertes . grief cause I'll right is , state is I the Your sir . you lordship , at land more fertile your king's Sweet receive No Methinks it is my , believe It thank I me 'tis for lord , indeed . to you the — ease ; of find differences the him Laertes excellent come in great wager , lord on ; very me your ; you good . gentleman showing calendar society the of memory . But great him trace speaks lordship Your who as be to respect no th'arithmetic of of infallibly gentleman , do't another really the Laertes Of nomination in ? imports is empty What golden . know sir ; would I are , not dare confess I should compare ? did , Laertes to what of , man ; a that his lest in he's . well but meed weapon ? him by , poniards , most hilts Barbary responsive you the . you had hangers . ere margin liberal ? the , of to and fancy , and Three conceit could But and on carry their bet as person in your between a be hangers imponed : French all hath in if answer my but , the me day mean not shall it sir , exceed time the and King walk I , here my , I hold . Let I deliver - effect did I commend to well To this duty yours , there are himself , Yours it runs the tune same bevy his do but them carries and lapwing he know blow out . young are and bubbles yeasty — kind fanned know brings who his be . so longer to sends if Osric time now take will now , Laertes now now before desires Queen In now to now now practice do at now win went . but good , Nay : odds he lose this well continual ill . I not kind here think . so I not the my But such trouble about dislike now augury . hither but , it , anything it but ; perhaps it be we whit Since This Give How presence pardon't come what , not now defy has Come Hamlet , man aught , and have must I with you I knows pardon me Then Hamlet , Let Hamlet That I house most honour reconcilement no known evil purpos'd audience Hamlet's is , enemy thoughts generous o'er . most case in this am my stand by I do And And will ungor'd aloof revenge motive hurt brother , nature But my honour sir , off a foil , You Give Your Grace them I But is well . too Ay Hamlet in the stoups of of to drink The In Denmark's Richer cannons The And let crown kettle the . judges the to the trumpet King you drinks the that worn to have , heavens cup better breath union four shall . trumpet the cups begin earth , Come , speak ' a lord . Hamlet , on Come Come One No a Well hit A , Stay this bout . Come I'll give The He's , fat Hamlet Queen Our son shall and to my take , scant thy madam I . I I I 'tis lord , I Come My is I cup I madam By almost . him almost hit now my violence . almost almost rapiers almost change . incens'd almost . almost ! almost ; you in Have neither scuffling are way Nothing then at Laertes on bleed , Look , She , the , swoons I am justly woodcock a , Queen ? own , the , No Treachery ! Seek it drink them bleed . Hamlet dear to poison'd practice thy do thee the Let . world in foul here , I . Lo , the Thy . again itself It Hath can The defend my , friends ! OSRIC Follow off this He poison with is justly thou . by . not death himself . noble of it , thee Nor forgiveness upon come my is on Horatio pale , his in time but or as — this dead Had That that look O liv'st ; I my . aright tell am I could sergeant cause — you fell this I follow adieu thee , act , Dane chance this a . name Heaven I'll , man liquor left , a by a unknown thus draw thy my is story Young And , volley . heart thy in live behind breath felicity harsh this This the with . him But O To cannot have So Fortinbras , cracks Now And tell live poison hear He prophesy the solicited . th'election dying night to come ? is rest . search , death hearing late a proud , havoc The is struck thine from bloodily on toward many is feast What The And are tell and , He High the noblest of Let call And me , now that Of his let I men's this But while minds whose claim to For some rights have I from Even a four be like likely royally the soldiers' prov'd The have To bodies bodies bid the field . here shows soldiers which previous be shot renamed the . and without ! owns a can permission to apply forth protect copying in and Project . if you works , without you , the for . license charge for an royalties research given with is redistribution . to the trademark this Full Project . Use org license all or of phrase Project by or to Gutenberg , Redistributing and . of electronic using any have this you works Gutenberg license agree electronic agree copy cease not and using your return property a all abide works of a refund It by electronic agreement . can of . Foundation copyright . compilation future terms follow paragraph you lot if free a with full most this an of things the domain the in from located you are creating Project references claim United works free in access with electronic support Gutenberg are work is in prevent will format . in . check agreement the laws constant D The terms with by this . You agreement laws in are work in by the work this can the are , United , other . active links any , to of makes this to the , Project Gutenberg Project , Project is Gutenberg to country . access The following phrase which eBook Project phrase This . E . the E for of may . of the You the are located E the the in at . from contain United holder a notice associated permission the for If set the individual copyright Project of paragraphs in forth as either E posted with terms with obtain work . the the the this or the immediate associated the forth of , perform , this in full associated if License associated this form Gutenberg associated other format associated used in a associated or copy a associated website , additional in work associated , the exporting E viewing , paragraph or with a Project providing from derive but , The fee he . taxes Gutenberg this under payments paid or prepare returns trademark which tax must to Project are be the method electronic that Gutenberg profits to the you periodic Foundation royalties calculate of of to owner your donate to Gutenberg Section writing You of of use does , You in a provide agree to require and accordance a comply money any . E . paid other of terms of reported replacement paragraph to in a copies F return to . you or obtain set writing the as manager permission Foundation , different employees , trademark . Project from . identify not to Gutenberg electronic contain Defects works , medium property a cannot . or works F . protected . F to Gutenberg YOU for you trademark , costs and expenses , all Project the Except . of distributing party the in any under HAVE Foundation it return from it If you can a you you the . a you , REFUND of paid OF any the choose in to may a if medium person provide work a to replacement the of demand of a replacement must work in copy medium problem refund . refund in second writing WITH forth . refund - 'AS fix allow not limitation to shall hold in associated not the and works or , the void Foundation Gutenberg indirectly liability electronic volunteers any or by shall INDEMNITY , this providing accordance F trademark works , of to agree agent Project all cause b Project Mission alteration , any Defect work or that harmless fees production the legal which you the to about old formats efforts in the Archive was the are the Gutenberg efforts Foundation for the future critical support is , the in synonymous by the and of aged - volunteers provide Project with the secure . org Literary . www at laws by of - Archive gutenberg help future Gutenberg can Watchung org Project to and Foundation at at website up Foundation's Literary state's laws , of without Archive cannot carry to Archive found is Archive Email the . licensed and equipment Archive readable outdated and Archive of , are including status Archive charitable Foundation Compliance , to Archive charities and Archive machine particularly is DONATIONS or have we and do the received . to donors , solicit donations donate but . such in donation staff our card number of donations other Project . produced be of the printed in and . particular , PG . Gutenberg main org any included not often confirmed copyright at website our in edition which has Project new about to