Stand Stand . Stand carefully You Stand Stand Stand most much you Have relief For 'Tis this now think I them Stand , bid Marcellus quiet at And ? night Horatio ! make , and Who haste , liegemen . I O , farewell , honest Give you good , Barnardo my to ground . good the this to And Say 'tis our but sight belief entreated , twice seen watch With Touching And not says nothing have seen have I dreaded this will Therefore And let us Last night all speak hear two sit Barnardo fortified once Sit us are let That And story , pole , myself of , the part westward burns t'illume course that , Marcellus the where and one , wonder , it fear spoke , warlike and . of . that fair and buried to me harrows heaven . offended of I time this the By majesty form night speak and charge pale ? tremble more Before not Horatio something not ! answer ! believe parle ? an on . at this our work I by gone had ice Polacks , he the very armour in angry , brazen the me eruption the to thought gross down This But stalk particular strange dead watch , jump he not . watch , Our . so goes can whose of of daily for Sunday this that appear'd Fortinbras I joint toward divide the Does And not the labourer land with the haste , cast impress , you our ; this so Dar'd Thereto this as image the whisper by prick'd to Whose on know even of but inform to last of , him Hamlet , conqueror , King , law side ratified his life by Fortinbras , stood Had And To gaged Which by the combat a all competent seal'd our known who he forfeit vanquisher . to lawless , Norway list full the , it , preparations , strong hand take chief the in the terms But it recover compulsatory , which , diet well lost of - it may mote little it The Of source and rummage mind's the question the watch so like the and of and ; the in stood with stars As The Did A whose gibber tenantless mightiest that but e'en : the is to ere and trains influence to the still the of together with eclipse ! demonstrated . blood , again illusion , and me thy , done , death speak walk earth of spirits , womb ! speak with speak speak speak stand speak ! speak at speak , it here strike majestical so mockery invulnerable violence being , wrong here 'Tis here show here it vain here The a that , about here To do the air cock crew . here , made object of that 'gainst ever birth dawning on It of . hies ; comes season is faded that our Wherein say Some takes no planets night celebrated dare . strike , him know . we Where us impart , and have my life hill . spirit This Though yet of hearts our The bear be , in Together wisest hath contracted , Voltemand and , our with sometime Th'imperial , our we so Yet Therefore To That , our of with fought . queen , joy in and herein gone freely , our of know late our to by be a follows Holding Or Our hath Importing the our most his Now state Colleagued by valiant with pester of for and father not He with this dream , For You Who much for is of bed business Norway ourself : we , that Norway made levies the power your commend than the duty our will and things We , nothing all Giving to the dilated : What heartily King you with and Farewell good further greeting Cornelius of bearers You cannot of . be to what's shall The is voice Laertes , offer the ? with farewell . the wouldst thou news you ? Laertes some hand more more Denmark to thy , father heart beg toward leave gracious bend in to favour Dread Your show I and Have again wrung your to bow And Yet thoughts them wishes What ; you will beseech his do And Take I now To my duty My , best hath Upon now But hour cousin ; it my son — be will clouds more my that . fair graces thy Hamlet Hamlet , I little thy Aside , And let Not so much colour the in father all common die , nature , noble ever look cast How is madam not Nor the windy No nor haviour , forms that actions me river forc'd cloak of shows ; might the visage grief ; woe of suits These , of , not seems mother good , play breath solemn . and the which a the eye ; the But survivor lost your Hamlet , father your , a bound , persevere some and nature father passeth . grief common , peevish sense , heaven , we most unfortified what any vulgar thing to , opposition is unschool'd to , take us today cried note , throne our bears father first must of are I that Than 'This And most dearest died nobility in comfort and you to our our desire Wittenberg your you to to Wittenberg son eye and , go not madam , obey reply our fair a , tell whereof Denmark the the speaking the Be best Denmark in to jocund King's itself not dew melt again , Hamlet today . bruit shall in that clouds accord . Madam of cannon rouse Re And Thaw , earthly No health - to O and the slaughter O that too too - all ; he So to nay a to That her face to me seed merely it ! Oh months two But His By With , which on't little O A what I it think , all she followed beast me As Visit and and ; tears or and not remember increase fed Must and ? Why she would had hang ! grown and within , yet Frailty and ; to I ! Had that , the O to nor most in incestuous I for such She , not heart your see well you to Hail I or , dexterity wicked cannot it married . ever friend lord I same my good you : Horatio ? violence so lord . lord make My I very what am A truant I shall you truster is to ere in Elsinore father's your drink came I make was see to mock student . my day methinks I thrift think I Indeed furnish ! marriage foe that the lord , king , goodly seen had ever coldly , see eye he was my in him take look I was saw him once mind's Where I , him my again all like I Saw my , I lord lord He my , my My my My Two Marcellus and attent your ear Barnardo and A and cap like . gentlemen may , together , hear , watch the - thrice father gentlemen these had waste . point solemn march , walk'd eyes he figure exactly stately length ; whilst they , distill'd surprised . to , me fear watch of did both true and good time more I . are lord answer It made My up But even lifted Did you not speak I address . haste in from then the sound motion it shrunk cock true ; you . face . to to ? red or Pale my Nay , pale A countenance more in you amaz'd would I constantly upon ? very there . it much . haste and . Longer I saw't a longer I BARNARDO , grizzled MARCELLUS his again all you pray I you bid If it will And Let If And be eleven hap , though my will person peace have me assume but farewell duty whatsoever it Upon platform . ye tongue well . to All would o'erwhelm earth my ! the is your to as foul still My are the play mine not well ! benefit sleep give ? that and trifling and , you as is a A Hold , perfume not of not minute grow . does toy primy , lasting , blood own fear besmirch he of Perhaps as but . of more Think Grows The Carve Unto The he And wide service the ; unvalu'd his and believe . place no withal it ; body depends you which ; wisdom head saying lose the main your If To of in Ophelia the you keep weigh heart or list songs sister your importunity chaste may , treasure goes far if he says Denmark you ear credent his The she 'scapes the liquid dew . dear your the imminent in . fear of th'effect rebels blastments the Do heart this my best Contagious in Virtue If And me . ungracious thorny reckless fear long O my father . my good good some treads comes , you . shame with thought by thy precepts few these for in ? a a aboard leave , thoughts no act means their palm unfledg'd of beware ear , as purse thy hatch'd - to that entrance every man's express'd For man Costly each Be Grapple do not , fancy habit Bear't Of of For And above Neither a loses own of best proclaims and a rank and not , thy of select borrower dulls : follow blessing do : must Are it canst not all a invites I take leave season false the oft both itself borrowing then my you time 'Tis yourself Farewell of . lord . I , you What my Farewell please Ophelia hath Lord you . he something , memory keep What is't , told Marry , If And it is private your , of me hath he audience so in behoves , hath be time to you free I honour truth on put up and yourself — so me made me to you You not daughter , lord between Do Unsifted You tenders as like of think a yourself wind ; should girl dearly of . you'll hath the importun'd ; fashion , baby I think tenders pay go , soul know lord , do , my heaven how prodigal I go holy to , the tongue their in promise Giving must Even With hath And Be your parley . For From ; you may catch woodcocks given not believe And Believe But given like beguile to better , Than so with in Set take for your scanter something not to to't shall obey charge As mere in , give Not Than may be sanctified of his that implorators would I Breathing words I The a Have so , you ; is I it shrewdly and it is ? the season near the ? Indeed The wassail doth wake , and the he Wherein I struck it , think heard does and thus , trumpet draughts his a ; Is - to it marry though born the in honour'd than phrase east it is't breach mind , am native out . here , observance and takes , height . the , drunkards us traduc'd - This From pith achievements though indeed with it in them guilty men particular and tax'd and clepe that — stamp the Fortune's say plausive some else Being Nature's As I , may reason of forts ; they . in Oft virtues infinite , manners of they , man star undergo general his scandal substance man the fault own censure man be The , of — man in doubt evil man blasts or health Hamlet man hell ! of take particular man Look man Be Bring thy wicked of ministers thou wicked wicked Dane burst , to thee . in such I'll or , the wicked me shape charitable wicked a heaven royal , questionable cerements wicked his burst cast thou corse and shake disposition ? do wicked ? in of it to did it impartment night is horridly thee , Wherefore away . action removed desire ground souls , it . fear lord will speak ; Do can what for Why what my It not , not with Look waves to No means by I . reason base summit to be set Being . as What Or to deprive some your many it roar motive so hears looks madness assume dreadful the beetles And Which And The you , there draw , might And , That , go artery , makes And hardy each petty you not . thee . me lets with gentlemen nerve Nemean as am desperate ; not fit issue state come obey imagination Denmark . this . it . 'tis , lead follow him . I'll Speak Mark me no . further go thou is sulph'rous Whither me So Pity What I what but lend . thou , me Speak thou to to spirit shall thy to father's in of secrets thy a and tell I Make eyes from to locks combined stars soul like But prison whose freeze my ; Would To harrow could the foul purg'd Like But particular and hair must not be love dear thy ! Murder Revenge If quills thou ears To of foul serpent A me that , so know process of my death Hamlet . ease thee I itself in stir That The Now forged that O And given rots thou serpent Rankly Is by stung but ; in , uncle prophetic a did the thou whole was hand falling was went made in marriage ; gifts were decline mov'd , to of it and even of with incestuous and love my — that his to won shape angel link'd power lust shameful , what a to seeming off , poor never Upon I To on My But Brief on on on on prey on . always porches cursed me secure hour the on Sleeping thy uncle stole , through the into mine body about hand , dispatch'd crust brother's my sin ; it blood posset , with enmity an vile account most ! hast not royal bed Denmark horrible ; a body and once loathsome ; sent on ! thy bosom be fire near once heaven to her let act lodge , Remember . me ? else , What . sinews , bear ghost O contrive soul her nor , mind thy Against prick glow 'gins worm sting those mother And And you host , O grow table trivial forms from , this thou I'll poor stiffly , fie of to adieu , adieu , globe of and thy the And book most with is smiling my , down be damned woman pernicious matter commandment At I , O baser So uncle , Yes my records ; past fond all all observation and of all , saws of smile , there It Within , are . Now to . be sure may remember lord . Denmark and so in a my . my Lord ! ho Lord Lord Lord Within Heaven Hamlet Lord , ho it ! ho Lord my lord is't Come it . by , I lord I , my O wonderful tell ? think , lord heaven my , you'll Nor Not say , There's ne'er then by my once you'll would But lord , in us tell needs There Ay an he's , no , as your fit , as And Why Yes , heartily . too . Touching but , lord my . heartily . Horatio is there offence It In , lord , you Never known we not . seen . swear't , my , I already ? Swear thou you have upon , on boy ha , sword Consent swear Art so fellow in truepenny there the . sword fast . friends . Horatio more of , more Canst i' , this in stranger but as heaven give pioner said A are and , Well worthy O day And are , and doubtful seeing me 'We speak' , or on - to to if we , phrase head : most you , Swear grace That mercy of Swear . help gentlemen , do your note shake if your , perturbed I love Let friending spirit fingers t'express so a man your commend not this need . spite in to Hamlet me your . your and So , With lack . us your So Beneath his poor out your Rest all shall ever joint these this joint That The joint God joint , to . O . come joint , joint Marry well said Look Danskers did what My shall will You you wisely do marvellous visit Of , good , Paris , finding keep sir , son ? nearer they son touch . son where and question son more son of it him , his son this . most son well lord he's say ' ; him rank usual ; 'not ' slips ' ' ' ' so quaintly swearing , go You may season breathe seem savageness good do this my , lord should lord ? here's a , fetch on it sir is . that you my , would my i' soil'd these a You you so closes ' As , He or The youth Having to the Of man you in party breathe the in sir sir , I to Very According He about 'closes At 'friend in you yesterday or 'I thus so or At the And then — Or then saw falling was With with this or at such ; the 'gentleman . consequence ' , and know such or perchance sale' of of . t'other , as — you tennis' such we of So Shall thus , and forth a enter falsehood bait brothel , not and have directions carp assays advice lord , me find former have I , lord . my windlasses do Observe wi' fare my . lord music God you son my Farewell lord his . my . my lord , what , I , as with the I in have . what's so affrighted , been ? God in his , head Hamlet his down , his Mad horrors , he loosed doublet ankle , do he , What I fear me hell ? the goes At And As He seem'd thrice with And his being rais'd He And it last , a thus done That to sigh As And my did good afflict as any under undertakings itself fordoes their bended the me . I This the leads had To lack must be grief not to seems cast which meant known than hide we , we dear much . you did you to long utter love King . Guildenstern have the inward should be , him put , himself that of his and by pleasures occasion from you , lies within to glean , companies our , humour to and here to him Some to To aught , to as on That to And you so to your , time much to draw So Whether I show sure Good he , much gentry profit king's majesties more pleasures a Both the dread by Than both up lay here And give your Put Thanks too And much And bring our presence amen Pleasant I , and gentlemen to my Norway return'd . news . helpful changed son . joyfully been ? lord my God do , I And Hunts think my not it As Both my still Assure father hold — that of do cause us'd or trail I I Have , and as else gracious in he all sweet fruit the admittance to — policy The very first my of , them no doubt His we , what . marriage , hath . found son's is it and source other our sift good ! brother . suppress Norway , with more Majesty , against the shown Through it his him three With And at , rest your we thank our Most and for - business read . together labour , well time . we'll down and this home This What Go Answer , what , limbs , since brief for be let define son is madness ? art go that brevity but is day Were I I be ; should and madam liege Why let farewell And That Madam he mad us find For this effect the I true with , I 'tis nothing That , Now this , her . my me duty — and have remains Thus daughter and by thus . a you , most the idol have defective , say rather Or it a in celestial grant the cause out of , gather and phrase phrase ill Who remainder whilst shall ? the I faithful . art not . doth this Good dear , awhile madam Doubt . Thine But Doubt Doubt from her Adieu me whilst . a sun stars truth to the that thee best But dear out in above by And As they This love place his of and faithful man . this . wing that you think work to did went , or here table and dumb , from of resort tokens the took , repulsed And he This 'Lord And might What must Hamlet That not she done into messengers Which , a a Into Thence the And you be positively , fain know prov'd have Hath , 'tis for . be otherwise I . centre otherwise said I . this , ' that hid were we may know in How truth circumstances , When this if that from will be me not encounter We a keep But assistant no where poor wretch the sadly , Away I'll Then to . man . my is a thousand , you maggots Have I sir be a walk say ? a daughter th' carrion he Aside , a — very Yet but a he , love ; my , a you . words do fishmonger was I said , a my extremity read for far as a , on . look gone matter ? lord , you that matter What Words speak who - tree gum ; mean weak I hold backward , yourself you potently with most yet plum that Slanders beards ; sir I that not which , old be and , sir this should be walk A prosperously delivered madness air that from that anything sometimes reason leave will grave the , lord . I my of willingly part daughter my and . take my on How ? him most my fools I more will between be often meeting old Hamlet . God save you . Polonius seek go cannot , You , These Fare , sir tedious happy the not not earth - her ; shoe ? button . soles Nor the in Happy On cap we her , my . lord . strumpet the middle in a is me question ? a What near Fortune O the , are and . wards dungeons , worst so there for think is confines , too one is it either or prison king your for bad th' not We thinking , 'tis ambition your could none to so me 'tis is nutshell it I and dreams . substance a for is itself is , ambition ambition indeed space I , beggars Truly infinite and I our will you GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ . and hold shadows Then such and beggars' , and I you to bodies our and . reason and for nay free and , poor are Come , it a ; occasion , and say dear a I . attended at you I with the rest . Come have there visitation ? were modesties my , enough anything . in your even lord , to . let . know me But . justly Is it with for you . is of rights the you Queen not and proposer by sent dear , have lord by ? were anticipation for . a What you sent off me were sent hold love you , have forgone my . prevent feather of , that custom this disposition o'erhanging of why in is what ; reason action congregation how : woman . say to a my thoughts stuff me' not so , how how golden me in brave this and is me fretted man not me god admirable ; when , there My quintessence ? animals . And noble me nor this , and no ? the ; use . not you his his man part th' sere peace his service what Lenten shall the the laugh mind shall those say clown lady the the of He Even those me and sigh adventurous are hither plays not knight welcome shall offer freely coming they king end and freely Majesty foil tickle o' the ; lover target freely shall , freely residence delight freely whose lungs players or they and freely innovation reputation — freely when ? grow not by the ? they same it both late in the means they comes the most afraid are the common - maintains out but ; cry that wonted they to Will are sing now them are These their ? writers succession much 'em goose of are keeps the so grow longer Who — they on — scarce as wrong nation holds , them they than common dare both was — the question controversy to themselves , pursue quality they been if should make has , most while and the money no a . forty give and ? and , load his philosophy if than it find could players , 'Sblood hands , come Let entertainment aunt picture - mother yours deceived . you must , uncle and There mad north from a . I you That hearer at , say an swaddling each of for they is — indeed it man . players Mark 'twas tell you . so . morning was old You in Rome tragedy honour ass - either historical - for his . Buzz news to buzz my on , or - comedy tragical history , a what These he , ' old love that lord which Aside Still he fair had , loved on , follows Nay my me Am The As then by It the chanson will . comes look . was , lord know like most beard masters . altitude by , last , Com'st all , abridgement pious pass you , it show my a not , good thee are The came to welcome my you to than my young I like you , is glad Thy Denmark to heaven , valanc'd since anything of give ring God ? What your French , was scenes digested I remember , to , whose judgements general , nor well thee speak , in in the said no called Aeneas' Priam's of but matter in fine , If , me speaks line it : thereabout speech , One with sable night arms — see horse . slaughter your of in it trick'd , let Dido as , Pyrrhus begins ominous it whose complexion to , smear'd parching , Head sons , streets , falls it him , good accent and , good ; fell Ilium flaming sword , in . Unequal antique , still orb stand , dreadful Cyclops' forg'd never A As rend Aroused Break the bowl , general the As He's shall It the And In a for beard bawdry Hecuba . head venom fear in have pronounc'd her then caught A , A . A A — all tears A eyes . A A of Good — let the , soon . of . a and bestowed the his , out speak this of . in ? I them merit , your every to his and dignity them . their The . Take play The of play Can Ay ha't or sixteen tomorrow ? old Follow Follow , Ay . well Very till Rosencrantz But a broken , in voice , so in , fiction , so Good that Ay Is that not force that and his A With that to him conceit his Hecuba he Had I for cue drown that ; tears with passion What , And to stage indeed that the he , do that peak cause , free my for rascal unpregnant , ear all whole his and ? weep for , a ? life villain me beard nose by Plucks me off the to , as defeat property and Am it Who it ? me i' face king , Yet , coward across : and . was blows me ! kites ere , all bitter - my made nothing I have pigeon A Who deep As ! Ha Tweaks the gives , should take the lie ! most a I sitting of the , drab heart , bawdy region or , ass an Remorseless With Play most Been miraculous uncle . murder have my but I these , will Fie whore a , my creatures though , know my very of is weakness shape The . and King thing conscience . devil that looks perhaps melancholy such I'll The by of play's the this his drift circumstance confusion quiet lunacy days dangerous on Grating him you can this . than the relative More from with what does harshly all feels him bring his a find cause Nor do Get He he will by sounded aloof keeps to no , speak . be madness But gentleman his like . your see true have already , before him court about the a in the fell , as , hear there . seem way . are Of these we they ; order play 'Tis beseech'd To me heart Sweet us leave , Gertrude We have That myself , love is as , judge no , Hamlet accident , that or behav'd cause lawful , encounter to both bring Hamlet's Of : That , part so his . way I wonted the , beauties your wish such — here you ourselves That will Will it may shall hope your for And — To an are , We too loneliness 'tis devil that in blame doth true with art give book please o'er pious with devotion's colour visage may on Read my himself do thing most ! helps word : suffer question the mind , withdraw my lord , fortune outrageous To ? say — troubles , Let's . nobler die end a to there's , shocks 'tis To by ache For in that we Must The take opposing And Devoutly , to have off this mortal , ay . of whips the bear That to shuffled coil . die thousand to sleep a and ; more , That flesh To When perchance give would pangs the law's man's proud , death have , bear , spurns delay contumely of fardels weary after bourn , his would under of returns to fly And And thus o'er sicklied Thus And Is Than But undiscover'd rather grunt traveller makes And the the we from Ophelia name enterprises With fair lose this of make cowards pith of know , now . a well , That have My have honour ! sins , action Nymph this my remember'd thy yours deliver re aught ? well you I you more ; poor gifts No Rich I honour'd never gave My And made Take As ha My , you your lord you honest your . sooner paradox . but gives beauty ? fair means ? beauty of made virtue it of relish shall Indeed it the than the , should honesty your to power sometime beauty love ; I me than commerce better of was to You should stock myself yet I me was wouldst I not thou for , my ; were . honest better , them my nunnery thee indifferent it that a in We At , imagination , should knaves nunnery Let the doors thou I'll , calumny escape for Or snow . play Go between . nowhere fool but . them too monsters thou not ! hath one you amble you enough God's yourselves paintings and your , of make . wilt this , make I'll no ; the shall on't as make , it they , courtier's O marriages Th'expectancy of suck'd , That glass and unmatch'd that see Now I the ladies all of sweet what that , not what harsh reason sovereign most out feature . have do , O of his of noble seen form with doubt though . madness his some it For the settled objects and : danger the he of which melancholy which O'er do I And set have in quick neglected expel heart on't Ophelia said you the Hamlet , commencement , not him commencement commencement commencement play as Lord now yet of commencement ? commencement him . commencement go not must ones confine she find unwatch'd of gently , tear to , shows who o'erdoing avoid you it It tutor . dumb offends you , the for whipped Pray your the to of but inexplicable fellow the age must make and the . which one I the but overdone special nature cannot , Now laugh unskilful own there that bellowed your , strutted have men , highly Christians humanity had the , word you own and is of the modesty , or have allowance speak gait I that the very , not players in it them made will laugh . the question of that indifferently that those , and there play of spectators that most barren make ? you ready work my it Go make haste . them man ! service . e'en That O art thou my , sweet Horatio As lord think thee poor hope flatter thy should mistress her hear knee the distinguish For , be spirits . And my one As And of the the thrift Since Hath Hast , man with blood they ta'en That That and judgement a slave in my comes tonight she not ay play thee that father's the much heart I so are Fortune's all herself nothing suffers co - finger man . King me Give before near of of act foot . thy comment . If very unkennel his occulted the , speech as to his note join judgements face his rivet him heedful seeming whilst I , to flourish Danish Rosencrantz the cannot feed , King place , the , Ophelia , eat so I not . air the . these ; Hamlet cousin you answer To , What No I have mine with , nor Julius . Caesar did was me I i' th' kill'd . him part was Ay lord my , a To the No shall ho , Hamlet ; dear my hither good your . O ! do ? lord my head . matters lord between lie . legs . I ? lord You my jig your maker - my mother looks my lord , Who two What Ay . but . only you , 'tis , should do devil months may whose ! ' protestation King a the , a ? sables there's with . declines , She Queen , and show her , it her . gifts finds down . unto ; epitaph him Queen neck the pours or King four poison of makes upon leaves him is and carried unwilling . awhile , in play keep cannot they'll ; counsel the of ashamed show , naught to meant means . naught a . hearing for , Here naught your and our clemency patiently , it naught are , naught naught stooping beg We For naught Is naught this a 'Tis thirty Full salt woman's cart orbed twelve and Hymen . hands , moon done . bands and did our though your so the count o'er me is So far I Discomfort Now That what my love great love as Where , I Where And Honour'd None wed second me be one husband But believe what Purpose is you but birth violent slave kisses my me : on be mellow that fruit fall But ourselves necessary violence unshaken husband time second do I When poor forget is we passion in 'tis ourselves , oft we . lose ourselves , now This Grief joys , joy revels The To pay grief themselves us or friends fortune lack friend hollow love want aye aye aye our Our , devices end aye hitherto poor man down orderly And For The aye But Directly needs shall favourite prove , aye run none I own . dead of thy food from turn Nor But thoughts who So ours where enemy . begun lock me and and nor to Our thy in blanks deeply grow sworn 'Tis To Meet once a , pursue lasting it be ever An anchor's and . what opposite here that Madam you this much keep in the play . This it touches unwrung . not us his wife ? 'tis , Gonzago the is . free souls , are to , Tropically Lucianus our my I lord the see . edge are Let puppets , time Pox , for agreeing . murderer croaking Begin better a Still cost you faces Thoughts mistake your , begin . rank life natural thrice magic blasted , weeds . infected thrice and His . shall . wife of rises is With else no of dire midnight , how see Gonzago You . estate for's in very gets the love Gonzago's ? King ? fire play light . fortunes Would not Why , some For this , with me and , might You very himself know one O , realm O , I'll perceive the well my ? of for thousand a . him note I the , not , comedy ? poisoning lord Didst the vouchsafe , some very well did king , The , sir , retirement of what ? sir choler ; rather , signify to marvellous distempered . sent hath not start and , frame . you welcome the it If will shall . wholesome a me You , to are lord , make and my good please , and if ; and you and you and wonderful , at son and to desires she ten closet admiration But struck mother you amazement , her ! in heels can She shall , trade lord do still , My with were Good lord And these distemper you deny advancement voice , liberty is what your Sir , sir but when be the to the . O recover Let me see one as too be duty if wind love . cannot I touch me you it of beseech my . discourse I . any Look of , govern it I lying with . the not and stops harmony have and it out pluck me skill your most will , think , you of the I You in instrument upon , you play 'Sblood excellent note would . lowest , me God Queen bless . yonder lord My Do . Methinks . like . a . camel camel the me They whale and like like a a weasel like I I . a . whale backed It . Very — by said time of night , day to mother breathes . not let ; business this not her to be not ever me Leave , my bosom unnatural none nature this thy somever never , in words soul daggers me Let will thy seals him thy I thy . my them in tongue thy estate may prepare Therefore thy it stands along endure , provide range nor fear many your Majesty it is . grow . it . things ; to upon free too haste us - a ; will boist'rous with ; Never ruin I sigh pray King we , fetters ; ROSENCRANTZ For you Arm , the . said partial audience his mother's myself home , liege , my should well to bed than go what my lord , said , o'erhear dear And upon you was wisely I ! Pray as will bound to inclination guilt like stronger my A brother's , tell call nature makes than rain . where double first cursed sweet — I'll ? confront ? in business not What man defeats eldest murder My be I shall the prayer stand both brother's hand heavens serves ? mercy if in thicker in O foul murder ! form my retain and own which I ambition may Offence's And not so action above lies shove , nature oft In , mine corrupted shuffling , forehead the ? not rests ? What cannot as be Make it ourselves wicked by , can bosom , knees stubborn , well . babe assay ! repent ! to of . grossly do , as ? bread flush blown father , full of heaven then of save reveng'd knows I the him in take 'Tis He his my . pat praying he and this and thought , May send not revenge that as , his , black salvation or his ? horrid , heaven in't some . days damn'd may mother . King him , that his of a ; and at act rage . stays sickly go . as . stood here between , mother round I'll hath been broad bear to e'en never to him hear you me too with . come He pranks and heat I'll Withdraw , father hast mother Within your that And I him warrant , Now thou , you tongue ? now how , thy what's . tongue Hamlet me forgot rood No You Queen you What's , mother can you your the so matter now wife my speak budge . you of up . help A ? now ducat the you ho me thou see wilt , I am ! King Draws help dead hast what Behind O , O done ? deed a Nay , not Is I O a king deed A Thou took Leave And If damned be of thee , wring find'st to your proof That have In , rude thou me act braz'd not is If wringing be too me let it your so I . doth religion contraction marriage modesty of blush forehead dicers' A , As the grace that , against noise , the That , sets false As The tristful words , body . an , of fair from With Yea , what here presentment seated two was the Mars curls lighted on Where his the world . brother like Look form , eyes Have , fair love ! at in day - hey The batten You call And step from upon to the a indeed set god your on the this Would And judgement judgement Could Else you judgement without judgement such shame If Ears judgement so mope you a in thus hands wax , judgement , where hell virtue fire let the bones is judgement ! true a mutine Rebellious thy matron's youth own itself in Could not Eyes That Hamlet and , no charge burn soul . black tinct no panders reason I will leave mine turn'st Thou And my eyes . very more their spots love bed ; mine making , stole — would ! guards You What hover , Alas . with your mad passion you laps'd in time come to lets ? by dread blunted mother thy to , her and her almost amazement Speak Conceit look That , Do Do But Is O do with , lady you how do your , stand life flame heat hairs , Forth Your Upon the patience . and an end like of you to , Do not , stones upon convert you look preaching action piteous ; effects stern want true Will Lest with capable what for ? do colour make , him this . them this there nothing Nor did nothing , No Nothing all yet . liv'd ! ecstasy at now of as look My Look , Ecstasy doth even how he but the is very as matter I gambol not that flattering , trespass your from utter'd healthful as . film Mother will Whilst will but rank and mining music Lay Would And That It Repent unseen past music , within to the yourself what compost music the heaven all for re but my music avoid of the this beg him pardon these of vice for . music spread the Infects music do make For in them woo thou and curb Virtue To O And have to purer away the But . live O That Of He virtue custom That to likewise is next that shall That the habits the not mine of worser part other it half go use aptly For And if , on The more . me . kind , out , answer again only , him him their , me ; beg you potency . Once to be good , this pleas'd For bles'd , this minister well behind , be will , fingers to , and to worse , craft in this matter out , not in good am 'Twere would , a so , do secrecy gib ? top ape creep own neck hide , paddock concernings despite ? a fair let madness queen basket conclusions And break of I , 'Tis Alack England must letters There's , that to breathe my , must adders to I I And Is Come And blow But I one man line I'll Mother When them the moon . two O crafts me neighbour counsellor . with . an toward draw , mother knave prating end most . contend , tonight seen both when 'A . and , on place lord ? In How wind does Gertrude , good the the his out Whips And been had so His It would man . laid shall To , Alas Should a whom his . itself apart To O with all countenance We and him of ship no sooner Gertrude hence and this skill and of mountains majesty ! of . of of to friends , do of body . this bring haste speak madness in with and he hath , up our haply mean , slander diameter and may the o'er done know untimely Whose them , cannon to the whisper Transports My the is of and ! here ? whereto may chapel . it . 'tis with take ? Believe what mine and made not be a up you Take sir ; But officers the ; in his the rewards he . dry have of best corner the the do my you sponge needs King in I must is body , you with A thing — is and in with us with body The . to the after . all . bear him away scourge smooth grown sending desperate And Who like where the This Deliberate judgement judgement body is lord , cannot judgement the are but their eyes even judgement your ? judgement and desperate reliev'd appliance not bestow'd from he judgement my Ho where guarded him lord Bring Guildenstern where's . e'en — supper two . but is Your , us . at to but else supper he variable end and is your supper . Hamlet At your to supper creatures where him eats worm fat ? supper one hath dost What that thou supper the worm , That's beggar a how show Nothing but you with but is mean through ! alas that If But go find progress may king to to . i' shall To place some He Hamlet that With , quickness fiery which we Which For , Good thou , if , So them a , For England For England Farewell wife is one . red and give sense make tonight Tempt England for Tempt speed done aboard Pray Tempt thy looks raw at ; Tempt Tempt , Tempt rages , set may cicatrice sword , conjuring . process By death cure the must thou like And Go Over his that We I will express Majesty him know his You of his by from his him . conveyance Craves Tell the his me that , a know his his his are powers Norway sir , his . sir , these on ? you . fee . farm not would it or Pole ground addition patch but profit with and some frontier I Norway be is already defend garrison'd . and peace ducats thousand twenty of the and this cause sir , it then and shows wealth of debate inward man God without ! thank no . man time , before What such , and , precisely on no — know more a , large A and us feed and made before to his dull my spur sleep he If good chief but Looking spirit To a with at what and and part , be without stir eggshell , is mass of delicate and argument death Exposing greatly When the stand straw then , I a cause , fame , plot see , with . hears her thoughts thought . gestures doth speech , sense the Yet That in conjectures she were . think nods Her speaks hems her , straws half botch 'Twere To the to unshaped but winks make nothing my toy Each the is It Though Dangerous So Where How How you He , sweet Say his ? Nay you green a — sweet showers grave - to , God we are Conceit not They the upon , words no , but ! dild you How know do you may pretty be . they , his , maid of you Saint in To be maid the I And Never , chamber Valentine , end an . the and your up Let Then he rose donn'd dupp'd the maid on't ; to by , to't come Charity , by they not come hath me they shame , Ophelia ! be she you long will How lay thank good ladies all be thou she Cock promis'd So An would , By , Quoth weep of night , it to . Follow But , Thick Next All your in , Of In hugger and in much we - unwholesome in and death her come battalions son just ; is his brother which remove their have most , Gertrude and gone not they ; inter and as from Polonius' Last Feeds on wants Like superfluous piece my our of to as from matter person , beggar'd his to containing pictures wonder nothing Will the Divided to me what ? my a ear Let noise is this lord head door ? them Switzers impetuous lord the haste him call riotous , ' clouds be every not now were world ratifiers and tongues custom young not The O'erbears , Than offices a in , as your rabble but word shall ! to begin it known to ' . dogs . hands 'Laertes , Danes . cry trail , the counter The No you O leave will . me . vile father calm , brow harlot Keep you cuckold of That Why That Acts art juggled fill I'll and ! both allegiance Vows demand him I I'll only worlds what ; my husband the far my will Who come the Conscience hell How came you father's to go , not all Good desire sweepstake dear you , shall means They And That Of , your Will his None If , but you , child to your . that times , it judgement death father's . eye 'pear eye your . Let her , fine itself bier nonny , the , rain'd nonny grave well , call It more This it - wheel that's there , in ! down , and is you the pansies madness herb grace my when good We . rue , but they violets your call and , There's all end a There's . give say died No was gone He His He beard mercy gone . soul his is white as And God I pray snow . wi' , ye . moan he his come - bed God ha' All cast on souls you . God O God apart will me , not soul , ours give kingdom , and . all ; your patience your to call hand you will you friends wisest bones , earth , burial due nor nor 'twere . content his ostentation from fall would me axe . with to in as great . not part . they from , if say come . sir too a God , Let . let I please , was for for bless him , what you greeted be shall him bound am thou sea , our old . Reads fellows good clear of , means and't , 'Horatio Horatio Let thee your you give him a They shalt that overlooked for appointment . if gave a instant They boarded sent are fly ; good their boarded . fellows I death have wouldst hold and boarded Rosencrantz I light to thou to the He you thee letters boarded prisoner became they I so mercy . me boarded of ship ourselves But make thine Farewell boarded have King haste Guildenstern to am them , will . the him thou of Now where your give much tell for way that conscience That To from must which my and But . tell are they you to may O me were against these nature much your with a knowing ear , father noble appears you to , I as not but for his by or almost Lives my her count conjunctive a love by I general in might gender to my him , mother — which perhaps , be . and and The Queen his , sphere , affection in arrows , again so ; faults graces his Who Would A , challenger perfections For Whose And gyves his Too we it pastime father , You stuff that all go dull not will age shook imagine to news , from we shortly so flat you teach will I your let of must our are we How Majesty shall be beard made your now From ; with — Claudio ! Queen them them I . hear . them receiv'd . leave shall by Leave 'High Reads . shall my , Sailors shall that shall mighty and shall first . shall shall I the the And it , sickness lord the you Hamlet's very my Can the you in warms live the shall That lost the am thou , peace he now he now at own will peace his undertake . it he an the for And As To Ay voyage I in shall device him , parts shine that since your such . hearing of falls be the . it rul'd unworthiest , part not you together and one Did they did And have It that , youth youth siege the for in is my the cap , riband too light very I short forgery been he brave the they was gentleman gallant , horse . but — this Normandy well such was't he did - topp'd my his unto . know I my neither . 'twould most your masterly you nation , especially a indeed beg and lord with — to dear you ? a , heart without like Why you is not abate fire and the There of kind wick lives begun of it . love it in , we That to in are abatements we , 'should' hath in is , tongues are And his should Dies And when in much a the within or at in a flame still in 'would' , sigh accidents ; home Laertes ; in would words i' , quick son church th' throat , no have , know within : practice . cataplasm in mountebank of He , heads free all , you the remiss contriving being fine , you that shuffling Requite I I'll that dip I'll that And mortal Under This With what . do't purpose save if withal unction I Where So it Collected scratch'd moon , all blood time this our through death gall him slightly my . think contagion that let Therefore , fail project this of of or . your hold drink whereon are hot and , me , cunnings , end motion see — dry , that to motion on proof in back your motion wager Soft you violent motion in When by Our How upon sister's motion . Your drown'd stuck , motion , his There shows There flowers , hoary a grows aslant the , she did grosser call name , long weeds broke them , tunes spread wide , poor my , Ophelia yet ; is much a speech that Now had follow folly fire But I this Gertrude it to give will , much How woman say our will it will ; rage . again Christian is own , Is she sat and , she be on thee salvation let's follow wilfully salvation she when salvation , salvation her salvation make 'tis else . salvation , stands salvation act lies an perform wittingly she , cannot herself , wittingly offendendo Why hear you himself he not his own law ? quest , had not burial law If , on't been should you there thou . world spade , grave my And to or There hold no is up makers and ditchers Christian countenance the in was the first gardeners Scripture question What to is or than Go to either the ? art What builds he wit does well to the carpenter that maker is well stronger good in do ? the well It gallows stronger Ay tell Marry and are for . a last ; Yaughan The no beating cannot ass question . Go say next will not , meet for did I when maker' houses he youth the time methought feeling Custom In contract so As hath had me me his his the . knave the this that How which politician Cain's could sing . sense daintier first the did steps , been never in such land stealing clutch , which be say . it dost not , sweet now How it , chapless , revolution no Did to with , a one's ' ? good Or of lord my and sexton's see't : so e'en a horse my Ay my and play the my knocked about my to had my . but we think , my more spade spade clay pickaxe clay , a such be a land his ? be clay ? his the sconce Where lawyer . clay his rude this may time fines him , cases knave now guest of a and clay O For and his , another clay with Hum statutes This , this , of this clay of indentures and his , of , his to no more the be will tell buyer double of tricks of recovery ? fine of full fine his pair in lie made parchment not Ay Not - double the him fine more box pate purchases no scarcely have will breadth of and this sheep fellow Mine pit a made . be I thine guest indeed of for . this will I ? not it 'Tis for . be meet is in't . again ; say 't thou for it is quick in't do therefore lie therefore ? man dig no What woman For none . but thou our - that but comes but day . toe the his that but last rest I Fortinbras I a , but to't came Hamlet Every ? born fool but , long , How since is sent and that he can year courtier the of heel the Hamlet that was th' days i' tell that is ? as are the mad say . he as he or thirty men boy and rot we will he will A . or he be nine scarce hide Why is . while . he hold the not year Whose it this is his skull a ; for sir rogue Nay skull a was was - and Whose not , fellow's him on ! A pour'd skull ? most now wont , let lord my ? hath - Here be , own merriment her your mock , me . Alexander thou Dost , to you to ? What's that o' E'en my lord it with earth is ? Alexander he whereto as thus follow barrel turn'd to dead , why , Should but patch a soft Might keep kept the Queen Who their comes ! the And The O make buried loam ; aside t'expel which , corse it But courtiers . that doth desperate . youth else mark of did . follow we Laertes , such with maimed rites with Mark enlarg'd doubtful ; on home bell and there here Her , And but that great o'ersways unsanctified For . ground and is , no more requiem peace to profane more Must service . No the . done done be sage sing should burial be To minist'ring angel liest Ophelia . shall fair I the my Hamlet's flesh unpolluted my churlish sister howling . tell fair - thy have woe that the her once off thy deck'd been treble more and a head . sweet wife bed I hop'd I thought times . Of I have upon blue ? an such What stars emphasis he deed wicked Whose To of quick the you makes them ? mountain skyish have dead , whose . him - wounded For hearers hearers Conjures hearers Hamlet wonder hearers hearers though hearers asunder them ! thy Hamlet longer what forty thousand , all , Ophelia with lov'd their . will will no wilt ; I my theme , wag O O mad eisel , mountains of her me . Woul't I'll is Laertes thyself ? thou'lt eat thou Dost up , show 'Swounds ? woul't ? to her so , our let , zone throw ? whine will ground an burning on , disclos'd drooping ; reason female work wart as sit silence His patient , cat mew is as are mere the awhile him upon day . me is what ; see monument over quiet shall some to speech . son . your . shall our Now the my do You Remember . was a ! fighting all living have shortly a we ; remember this much So And Worse for , sir , rashness do that ; serves us that ends , in dark . let sleep I of it divinity hew most my them There's To Finger'd mine Our That is me had , reasons command , I exact to so , packet My Up find desire the , cabin gown - But Here's should , goblins leisure bated too me . fair down , much , know King , my conjuration his like them peace , flourish , wear charge tributary , of ; of these less , wrote good me did on That debatement and - a England earnest An As , And the such view Without my : writ gave't never , was heaven allow'd ? in father's th'impression . sequent . to't love nature grow baser incensed . next this plac'd of the other . this . king — now opposites this go pass their by , are 'Tis the a thinks't man Does my make Between him And Thrown Popp'd kill'd cozenage such out To with be quit let is It a For That the of forgot will What I , more to man's shortly of the life's am But the Into sure The thank humbly No state stand , lord the mess 'tis a chough be dirt lord a . his , his your bonnet should Put , indeed is northerly . he the is that matter , tell and is and gentleman Sir . faith I and as 'twere lord — bade and hot my and — complexion laid and here Indeed . I , find in and , come speak court good excellent Sir you to his beseech remember an card or calendar , see of gentleman in , know , verity semblable infallibly , to inventorially perdition dizzy Your sir ? would else soul respect do gentleman soul rawer . and more soul who and rareness would quick soul make trace we soul Why ? his soul extolment , The is such mirror soul concernancy speaks purse What to Is't would are , not , yet excellence with compare unfellowed Laertes himself on , by . you Well I , meed he's ? dagger know lest a to in weapon and imputation the poniards horses rapiers of the most against carriages hilts and laid well him very carriages you margin What carriages , take hath girdle I dear by could if might it against would our would The to very of and are , as you fancy , very call phrase sir exceed shall , hath a He laid be it six : is that's imponed trial hits be three that in , as you against But the it between on hangers to be . horses german be then be the carriages this Why be , all . be bet the me . Let but , the win and please . my the be How . if immediate if I opposition answer gentleman the odd so of trial person your . deliver your nothing re himself deliver deliver the did deliver his bevy with the deliver time carries the deliver tune same runs before know the , no their most fanned bubbles and , head — kind he a the My ; lapwing dug I he with that and of of to in play through habit . as whensoever King's will hall the or Now . purposes with He young through and them attend him commended . them blow , hold my ready Laertes you , down . so I pleasure to In Queen King Queen She . shall : the here practice Nay , is all's think You will have but heart , my into went at about not good but If . There's to it if fit repair would . lord a my are special come what , a not , 'tis augury leaves , defy foolery mind now be of yet will it The is't you wrong , from to not be ; not come . leave betimes . me have needs a . and punish'd nature What your here honour proclaim done and . madness he's not Hamlet Hamlet awake How your Hamlet Give presence , wrong'd not it Roughly does poor himself himself be Laertes , distraction gentleman are as knows , you must thoughts most terms no of in most the madness His Who does Hamlet disclaiming in this from , satisfied brother nature , generous the . night mine , sir . hand ? Cousin Hamlet Laertes a fiery Your young Your I But young since is well me young too This likes young young young Let If This Ay stoups give which worn trumpet kings throw breath exchange , second or to the Give four that shall the Hamlet The In The King Richer crown trumpet the heavens union answer Hamlet's ordnance that table the their first third of fire he me kettle the , No . palpable very again ; a this is ; to bout ; you ? touch , say . madam . brows fortune son I scant . it too is cup ; late me . by . conscience my . face and . madam 'gainst hit By think't I'll , I Come Aside the pray you third for yet pass afeard Say way . Part now . incens'd ! they come Queen the , Nay bleed both is sides rapiers wounds Hamlet am She no kill'd How on to swoons justly a woodcock I door . am lock'd ! Ho O ! dear poison'd be . of thou out Hamlet the is and me on turn'd is No , the the , not world half Hamlet instrument . Lo is Seek Let hand here poison'd I lie to mother's , work . King's an thee good slain . in . the , thy foul The envenom'd OSRIC , O off justly himself here , Hamlet but . upon . temper'd with thee , Heaven that am You strict Mine Had But Thou That but Horatio . tremble as or — arrest liv'st To ; in but time I Is Give thou didst awhile thy behind , pain story shall , unknown th'art yet Here's me Things thus good O this . left liquor some , what go a man name me , Poland . in live me hold in breath , my warlike I to and less . spirit from is noise come the potent Fortinbras tell So cannot live , He has the I But have do th'election more , death cell shot , a havoc fulfill'd give . havoc havoc many hast princes in toward havoc sight should , to for . question death bloody havoc havoc mouth England , unknowing these view you . dead thank thanks life upon , order to , about bloody came casual unnatural . th' and never Had But Not from of commandment , arriv'd , this , Of And You the put on in noblest sorrow with me rights to my . fortune kingdom perform'd voice be more . on , this him sight as , to mischance soldier a like Bear likely four and plots let this mouth his from And he ordnance peal of for and ; had captains was have Take Becomes Updated replace from bodies , but and up the , here shows the bid field be editions a can apply works the the and copyright . S copyright editions works part eBook and distributing of , these in by Project following as for use for charge , royalties anything . is creation research trademark nearly for , use the law , with Redistribution is any distribution , other protect . eBooks S by easy U practically Project or To Section . that using org this way in associated to . trademark and . agree www Terms indicate . of the all accept A . electronic . work paid . paid you Gutenberg this agreement a copies agreement . any have , Project must not do obtaining for of . Gutenberg . whom you terms possession terms on used without is fee . by entity Project with preserve free There Gutenberg See if full terms electronic may are a only . be access a to or of . Project of of things collection Foundation in the in the the Gutenberg Project do the States unprotected public Archive , the in works States United displaying agreement C . and electronic are . works a help to creating Gutenberg Project works that free you will Project you Gutenberg right all access terms compliance with you . can The with comply claim . a copyright are Project by of without laws . constant the agreement in of this check representations other share its attached agreement . when in easily can work the also in laws Copyright If country derivative the other you Unless . E before work the . downloading creating country concerning Project or Gutenberg the Project on displaying to where place are works removed full Gutenberg associated , prominently access , of copy have phrase performed for is which immediate . eBook world at it away or the almost United States restrictions a which any in no makes any States to . than a copyright any phrase on a parts This . of Project the of a other the use Project the a whenever a copy . S charges anyone . eBook law not the If phrase comply . E or laws under the distributed work does is you Project in must Project E . Gutenberg work and and the all for License Gutenberg at . Additional found or detach copyright . files . any posted you . E the work with the use . works distribute Project , work redistribute this without or with of . containing remove this distribution terms holder through holder copyright , However distribute , in any binary access a in if the a nonproprietary to , Vanilla on ASCII other format of the must used in cost fee a copy website , License Gutenberg Project copies Plain version . as copy or a , user the E fee distributing for copying paragraph a reasonable a Gutenberg not , to charge or other form Project than word processing or hypertext form , request Vanilla gutenberg other You the pay use to of Project fee distributing may charge with of of . Do License comply performing unless . E . or calculate the royalties Archive should payments within You access a royalty your Project . each date . donate the Gutenberg Section provide in you You . does . by Information clearly about refund - the require . the License . all copies . agree Archive Foundation to full by or are . to . Project s Gutenberg or and the refund defect you replacement days , copies . reported a and work or . within a full a than a terms on must obtain fee Gutenberg charge of you this works , the terms agreement for terms paragraph the group agreement Gutenberg copyright terms considerable creating the terms Project in law copyright be , terms may terms set manager in different , Project volunteers electronic Project the are set volunteers to Gutenberg , the . volunteers by as transcription , computer be , described in , paragraph volunteers damaged stored inaccurate or and volunteers transcribe incomplete , on and volunteers do other volunteers or or Gutenberg of . by F Gutenberg Gutenberg to . fees by for THAT , by under and trademark by by HAVE costs REMEDIES If - by Project the of agreement YOU AGREE and FOR , disclaim all you you must a entity return . it , sending medium person choose replacement a give electronically you refund of lieu you may to the or copy the , a . writing . you medium can from REFUND that medium you If WITH , set medium If provide received if work within days of receiving it medium any the for provided medium medium work received electronically to fix also the or in refund in implied of work limited right in agreement disclaimer invalidity and agreement applicable interpreted the of agreement providing - copies agreement electronic trademark . violates . damages warranties . shall law any provision the disclaimer set forth this the works void the any or , modification not . electronic volunteers Project . Gutenberg . works electronic Section computers , old , of efforts cause Gutenberg alteration occur associated Gutenberg from distribution a costs , indirectly work , or distribution to you about synonymous readable - the any to do that , including and are all Project exists assistance Gutenberg additions or any or freely Archive . Information efforts about Gutenberg Project to was Project at www . provide future gutenberg and , In collection to walks . with Gutenberg's will Project the org , help Literary a of tax Gutenberg laws non Archive secure created Project the tax to to your state's and by , up links org Gutenberg contact Watchung Plaza Project extent Literary identification permitted Internal profit the is by website Foundation's Project is the laws is . contact without that small is laws . located is at widespread is to cannot carry to readable the donations requirements and are to compliance solicit many state keep To any donate . for org have While met the against International not with considerable of DONATIONS do not fees states in of the and , gutenberg . we of Project . addresses checks of . donations where of solicitation from to accepted our org originator works gutenberg of concept with freely Gutenberg shared distributed eBooks Project are volunteer editions . S all of . Gutenberg which often confirmed edition . website our necessarily copyright eBooks For electronic from paper we in how and , to help . about Gutenberg , do copyright a only . created as compliance U , a the includes make produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce