and Stand ? unfold Stand ! Stand King . He live . bed Stand 'Tis heart ? Stand , Stand . guard and . bitter . there haste night Horatio , Stand . them The you of hear do watch to liegemen And this make bid . you reliev'd - is Who . hath Give you soldier , Barnardo what piece is you place , Horatio good of Marcellus . my ? there good this , I have . tonight this him hold again . along of . it of us of entreated , 'tis Horatio will With Touching Therefore this That again eyes 'twill down us let once our seen Barnardo two , of night let are awhile . have Peace speak westward t'illume And , like like harrows It Most Looks same it In art the figure scholar not thou ? me . a speak Mark with spoke the Question it which march it stalks away . charge I Denmark I fair Horatio . that 'Tis ! now ! gone . speak , not true eyes own sensible , something ! speak ! pale look this you What will ! and ? on't than ? the ! it Of When frown'd Polacks when combated on believe and like thou the th'ambitious , this our watch . an Norway very was he once on strange 'Tis the before hath thought and to he gross to our , me tell opinion state , cannon land the of task sore of Sunday for sit , This But In martial , and eruption not ; knows that , week : Hamlet , King , Norway , pride known who ; this this ratified his heraldry and a Against , with seiz'd world those , a , cov'nant return'd the by Fortinbras had his most now but even Was Which Did Did fell Of resolutes , Norway and hot mettle of the , sir same other some , our which doth That Hath by And a to recover well in't ; strong foresaid hand no lands , there enterprise here full , figure portentous in may think But his of post I Well A it armed Comes it no sort and motive compulsatory our main the Is So haste it through is that to ere most is palmy tenantless gibber trains with little mote In The high and and squeak stood was eye of Julius sheeted the trouble and blood dews in Roman streets of and the influence to of fierce , fates coming stands earth and fire sun whose earth Was And I'll earth may If If privy do good thing grace , done earth use me , me and be again earth me ! earth to fate death , earth at if not it it . Stay ! walk , country's thy the you , Marcellus speak . with in ? partisan my it Do , 'Tis gone violence invulnerable , 'Tis 'Tis it It about speak fearful is the and ; fire or and , and at sounding the guilty when malicious . thing , warning throat heard air or earth in - of made the This The Whether with , a then that And Upon cock Doth The in the trumpet morn , his . hies comes , it mantle russet the heard so and dew watch us what , my seen my advice . clad time to eastward believe part hath witch then planets gracious do and up ; loves , most him fitting Lords Laertes I this conveniently . morning with speak to him . shall our Where shall find , I be brow grief in , and it whole kingdom woe dear Attendant , Voltemand discretion . discretion one , with of a dropping defeated discretion auspicious far Yet bear our memory To To we That discretion Together mirth equal wife ; discretion and sister warlike joy discretion , marriage eye , discretion dole herein , young brother's out and supposal with those , Importing with To much most by valiant Lost his the for is : business not Colleagued Thus Of impotent , rid of nephew's herein proportions that scarcely to , and you to bearers , of you Giving good You The For Farewell , and CORNELIUS dilated to of with further greeting , more personal the scope duty . allow your . duty our you Laertes , heart thy Dane , farewell ? thou not native instrumental of thou Dread that to Laertes the to beg , France to ; coronation duty came leave ? again though show From To My my I Yet and must What leave ? father's , Not so , Good is How I thy am clouds spend Hamlet . you sun the , i' much the a look , nature common know'st let Hamlet thine like nighted friend colour on lids Denmark thy die . seems of moods , show indeed of visage shows seem grief , eye passeth haviour , me are that But have forms a the and within which might of , father mourning know , in woe play , heaven grief , died still , 'tis a , thing unschool'd is sense heaven , to think theme today cried that common we should heart To understanding most in our peevish us of the to for let of father . your , nobility less no you bears his throne our immediate dearest to and who pray you hath earth bend comfort you our to and you retrograde toward the that And You of are Do In is not chiefest thee shall with mother thy Let in us , cousin obey all my a His How O Seem Or , that Thaw self stale resolve too this that But a a , not to and would she ? he So months it grows to me weary Fie Hyperion two That her face remember By Let Like not think beast that but ; longer A all month , mourn'd My Niobe have ! married — flushing . left yet I Than Had the the married not , I for it heart to am Horatio name , forget myself ! do I or , And The , make My to very what , truant A Nor shall you of truster ear do your I . To But I glad . from Wittenberg ? sir . so even . good , my enemy say my know your to came see , My I my mock think Indeed do to follow'd my seen foe it prithee to you teach I see , mother's funeral The marriage your father's wedding ! that I Where eye him In My Or ever thrift , furnish met the dearest forth — saw ; yesternight king . Horatio . in all a once , The the Upon attent This witness ear of you me hear love marvel admiration let till these . gentlemen to for ! father may deliver while , God's For Been each word , both the did , the like middle of A , figure - with them stately truncheon's his Stand Where of The But , are where upon hands comes impart to him of fear This , kept night third the not speak as with lord My Did answer But then the at Itself And to It lifted even motion up it like head I it And do live , think writ know but , this of down honour'd my it loud , lord you ? lord Both my Arm'd , top , you to From My lord O , What look'd lord , he And I I , been ? pale you upon very Nay more While with and haste had It Most . Longer have there . long might BARNARDO hundred Stay'd . a . his it silver'd . person father's it walk tonight will you assume I'll And bid to , have me it it hold you If Upon If will it platform duty mine your I'll the though hell itself gape should sight your in , whatsoever peace . fare twelve well were , father's doubt Our loves my foul you honour . embark'd , do Farewell benefit . not earth still some , as to in sit the all is let as assistant from But , My Hamlet violet The wide now And nature it waxes temple soul besmirch own now ? more crescent ; his as for of : alone and this nor will is cautel but to subject unvalu'd his do persons , on his you , body it . treasure chaste , it list , affection , sustain songs disclos'd sister open further . no is may his fear To , keep Virtue If Too Fear The As The oft galls Contagious wary then itself their buttons of be infants and blastments before itself morn best safety lies fear . lesson to reckless and and my ungracious not my . treads libertine ; comes father dalliance way pastors puff'd a the me Himself the recks Yet stay And There you Those There Grapple Nor thou thy soul , a There not them Be thou stay'd sits in ? The here There wind friends dull thy There but beware but purse can of There judgement voice : There thy but , ear censure each Costly th'opposed man man's in most oft of loan borrowing above must canst And follow the season this blessing be night the both thine itself self as ; invites both time you both my go , both . both . husbandry false to , Ophelia both have I yourself 'Tis said memory the , lock'd in you What is't , hath you free the you : he of oft late you bounteous , understand — audience time so — honour clearly . girl many you them you green ? tell . my think lord hath it , Affection not ! his such ; for the of me a baby , You , what a circumstance I should think like , tenders believe Or Which I I'll ta'en Tender go speech of to his vows to pay wind — hath honourable may you fashion , Ay And given With Giving When more their Lends the vows , light Even You scanter take promise something than : heat your Than not it higher at maiden Hamlet ; are , walk young Lord they for . larger in to a . these as of tongue burns in Be you a much command Set not Do of would I believe But Believe a may Than Not better The dye sanctified terms , for all : shrewdly The It a nipping cold ways my eager . twelve of air . lord , bites . hour , the Wherein is lacks ? it What Indeed King wassail I it , his . struck lord ; out Rhenish reels , down upspring it Is marry , manner the breach than the and nations phrase custom a is : in nature of marrow and The for mole in of and indeed our men , not , reason , guilty origin complexion and ; that these of they though , are particular chances achievements , in As That Or fault particular the own , To Look corruption as of health grace thou thee thy intents or or a dram . shape I'll . speak com'st airs spirit his , it my of heaven or goblin hell , but answer steel the shake and glimpses , saw not royal in ! reaches What , ignorance inurn'd in O , marble may and in we fools ? moon disposition our What ? Wherefore ? with away desire souls we , did of removed But a , by do No will not what alone impartment go you more go no it . my then be lord courteous action . to It Do ; at a should , not not Being Or to you tempt . I'll , it , to ? what immortal it I soul , fee pin's ; do follow . lord , it desperation of madness place , it very The Go hears That Without many your into you draw And there beetles roar follow . you your go I'll , on And looks more And As You My I'll ! make am hardy I lion's , out artery me ghost a call'd as each in the fate ; Nemean , Unhand petty cries makes , me . thee go let's Heaven will in of it Speak me will I'll further . come almost is render tormenting hearing . Mark . sulph'rous I hour , but . shalt hear unfold Till And Doom'd art I To Are I and certain crimes foul the could for a day purg'd harrow Make thy two knotted thy like part word blood hair locks on , porpentine stand freeze walk in I from whose - in prison house my of ; upon this flesh of ; and thou If ears To ; burnt tell a ; eyes ; up eternal blazon . ever didst , not ; O thy ! God foul father ; List Revenge Murder in strange I the sweep to and . meditation I in my this thee thoughts revenge ; in the . Now ear . of , May As to or find the it my on my youth father's of Denmark fat apt thou , death wharf , the orchard noble ! soul uncle Mine my that , and wit , Ay So With O ; but know process ; serpent abus'd stung me crown O sting of beast with gifts wit what love seeming most was was the and her made wretch in in whose marriage queen . power the virtuous that of hand gifts there lust gifts his - even with ; were radiant though virtue hand , Hamlet will seduce won That The to falling dignity vow mov'd did my porches of juice uncle afternoon morning bed link'd air celestial a , my stole vial effect blood it of posset doth courses a hour Sleeping on a hour thy hebenon of leperous The natural hour And a like wholesome thin The hour hour was most with curd , hour Most hour , crown , in my of blossoms the , of , Of life all made smooth vile So did about loathsome by sent ! head my at once unanel'd , on my . crust . blood O even disappointed thee thou for not hast With And to thy thy horrible of royal my to most act contrive , lodge thy , once , To But not prick shall The Against mother ghost while Remember memory pressures all my memory forms trivial globe up my all of I O you But the table of thee , Hold ! my seat , by shall ; a records thee ? past , brain there alone observation and thy Within Unmix'd My least At O tables am villain it Denmark in be villain a and , it , there sure you and My I 'Adieu It uncle MARCELLUS . secure Heaven . So ho ! Come my it bird , lord . What O Good is't Hillo How , you'll , of heart , No , my . my , villain he's grave all knave dwelling no But , ne'er would you'll be secret heaven and I , lord in come . i' arrant lord . lord my all , you wild Look Yes as Such You , it your business Why , hold And I every For it but as faith heartily my , know O'ermaster't It And much an your as Give scholars soldiers , Touching request . will , Horatio here tell , us what , and . are As Never What HORATIO you ? lord what , is't make My will lord , Swear sword , indeed . Upon ha on you hear thou under ? sword Indeed have We sayst Propose the oath Swear Beneath . Ha , of ubique ? Then speak to Beneath ! this but more is work sword have , we'll again gentlemen hither this of mole strange . wondrous Swear heaven your soe'er never , so philosophy as in stranger ! old pioner , day worthy A O Than That With arms thus to such me : 'There ; of , this , could head - might' . we gentlemen do spirit commend , Swear . your at May do Rest all my not your still willing And God So grace poor love , With And , shall out , lord notes let's and my these will Before shall , money together go , Reynaldo . good , him wisely I , to Of you My Marry , how they your as , in Ay part As That Take you But so forgeries of none , knowledge his it more , well nearer you come this father demands particular , 'twere know — him' thus in very you , well , But is another to dishonour , go in ; him the faults on incontinency a assault Of general should my the : he put but outbreak A The savageness good 'twere Ay Wherefore And do I , sir is him the this be ; so , ' to phrase or you consequence crimes assur'd . my th' you , drift warrant of sullies i' soil'd on or , good does lord country . or . ' or or ? or or did leave 'gentleman . about or so in the , or t'other consequence ' . day and rouse as in's gentleman , you truth ; o'ertook ; tennis' and carp falsehood he , him such , and I lecture assays with my indirections Shall b' Good my Observe wi' you . yourself advice . not you fare , in him , Farewell my lord ? the what's the his his stockings all in Hamlet , what doublet God been , lord truly ? I , had with And As To the hand arm . me do Mad know said he but not for do other such shaking waving done That to me , help , and lets his he his profound down mine up piteous so shoulder went bended way his he ecstasy will without his , thus draw — Long stay'd their light . will to fordoes of seek , King undertakings I . I under heaven , without on the the desperate their doors o' last me is Whose , What That As have And my does I hath he . age beshrew him and did of trifle jealousy our to our ! King , close than being younger opinions my , judgement mad me better I heed and but Guildenstern , you it heard provoke did have use and see call , to love , we much long to you . dear that Moreover Welcome The cannot More That being vouchsafe Some on draw to rest so much dream you So To since Whether And Good And , aught I occasion you afflicts remedy . companies humour , our in gather glean , our much so and with of such . you king's profit time your shall adheres lies talk'd he hath much within open'd am , sure To here And give lay To , in at your . bent Guildenstern of you , gentlemen son you , some is visit , bring much And make . and presence . Go Hamlet Rosencrantz beseech and and gentle gentle these where instantly Guildenstern I Th'ambassadors My to I Both I do Hunts And — not hath it hold my my my think to as father , my , of have so else policy lunacy brain gracious of as . been hold my to and duty lord as hast Assure good news as Have I , as as As that as that th'ambassadors that source head doubt father's tells do The He , other of me grace to Thyself our your all we return Voltemand fair , Welcome , Well Most better a first good sent friends ! Norway from , His our To Receives Gives him To Fortinbras ; falsely Was On With levied his thousand And And What well feast we'll well business read . labour : took at This majesty but , to is limbs for of is home , rest Most Mad is't I , night to ended . expostulate what , the and day is outward mad , pity ; remains art figure 'tis . defect thus comes , out it 'tis for I then will true . no now all 'tis , 'tis , cause cause the and , say the grant rather this — duty my , effect daughter in Thus celestial Hath I the madam awhile ; the I ? hear idol ; the phrase soul's stay , am from move , this thou doth a doubt truth fire him , liar I these the stars are art it believe . love means , me machine , to Adieu place you wing , ear receiv'd ? his of what on , me upon play'd Majesty I would I If When I love Or I dear heart love . of fruits no , love make , love love , her resort his receive , took , she messengers the herself And prince , then love ' — watch a thence into , raves , to my , by for . this fast weakness he 'tis likely very be , the think have said I'd fain so . be otherwise ' , it centre hid How four hours . were . it together this if I hid indeed . her love , daughter reason no for carters a fall'n arras . from me the And Let look board do beseech encounter I be a keep O presently him Well How mercy ? know I Away , where sadly the poor you I'll Excellent Do You my lord , fishmonger . to . goes my man ? world a a kissing ten of honest I would were so , true That's be , to For the carrion lord a look a Still I he ; first me How her daughter , my , on you much fishmonger do read , he good blessing Conception a , daughter . extremity words , He was . my love lord that old men . have grey their is What potently weak , yet mean faces and hams , it hold yourself believe ; the matter Between that the sir , with sir you Though most tree that this Aside replies lord air ? hits of my which , of out the o' walk . is A contrive honourable cannot , often between Aside . humbly take , Fare These , anything . sometimes daughter I on , will . him and part I , sir you fools lord that . well you life tedious As Good How most My are we children thou ! dear God honoured lord , do of good that cap the soles of , Ah ? shoe very the - earth happy the middle is . she ; world's the most ? is is Then What doomsday None my Then the of secret about you parts her , grown strumpet . question more a dungeons . wards and one , th' worst . the world a so . me lord . or good narrow , nutshell bounded Why , then could infinite , then , were the shadow a it be none ambition not . your my 'tis thinking space , God it it count . light of for not are is ambition indeed dream ; airy of beggars . you sort , my dreadfully for quality it heroes outstretch'd you most the , ROSENCRANTZ Shall our hold , a but to reason court and th' not an ; but I you ? Come you sent , And not . lord say me are dear Is , there thank a a make am of at attended Elsinore Were visitation and we should with thanks in too inclining , my . it nay speak ; halfpenny is craft . not for sent by ? looks You my your Queen and rights obligation sent our of proposer you If you ? direct for even , charge ever . have we say with me , for sent moult prevent forgone , my . anticipation were off you and be , then and late the and ; so and lost so , heavily my goes , why to wherefore exercises , I I My my custom discovery disposition your it , air look seems all , to of piece majestical roof with foul how how how yet ; stuff . action how of of it a me a to express me is and ; god a me me so woman not delights 'Man to no like And , nor Majesty his , offer when not . way Lenten ? shall target in and have and what , them man coted delight coming welcome said in such We me' entertainment — in on ? they , reputation and city late means estimation they they No Do hold their the inhibition they comes ? think I , indeed so followed the comes by , rapiers so they , pursue no they grow ? quills so that are them are do ? 'em to better against themselves than Who they if should are make , the they has to sin , most no bid afterwards , much no they ? sing succession own both and the was their longer - stages are been throwing possible question poet There on for the their exclaim do O that has carry King and ? brains . philosophy twenty Denmark of in away about his too . and little his are if it lord strange at something appurtenance garb lest should to the are welcome it than natural lived , picture is out , to - father dear aunt and like players . Your me with you comply are lord southerly ? is , I . you gentlemen ear you . must , mother yours You my north what but mad of You is . so morning me a players you Rome in an it an . a the have . are The news My Buzz , indeed hither each my to tell . my Roscius , buzz , only - historical history tragical light , individable , the the Plautus , his , heavy Upon actor honour pastoral are what my ? more treasure scene nor . treasure What fair of the be writ law of Israel , Why daughter 'One had Am not I . I was . wot most as then lot As first , masters to The good friends of welcome by gold We'll . are all piece , of . altitude , last lady , By'r , my beard chopine nearer am comes chanson welcome thou within French . once , cracked to't speech your in ! thee my you taste , acted give , ring fly a . it but a e'en . thee speak a . play once I . heard whose the matter well have What quality like remember with method and the others million or not I — speech for matters the there , in no the were the it in One it , with sable the whose begins tale much savoury such But it in general honest , me he in dread this When memory It The Black Hath loved by , rugged his heraldry now so of speaks at not Pyrrhus , it line this . begin he is , he lay With Bak'd thus eyes Old , So , spoken well my God , 'Fore their And like carbuncles . Unequal rage strikes good good finds him with , Pyrrhus sword falls it . you lord Anon at and falls to Stoops prisoner Which as a . declining Did we as And So Of Takes to with at to arm , lies command drives , with lo stick , head the ear , in of . this the feel tyrant milky his on Pyrrhus' reverend A , On never did thou With , Aroused the as , nothing vengeance , the the Break , low general , And armour sets speechless , the Pyrrhus' - after hammers work pause thunder , a eterne sword you power her the beard bawdry or a tale with is as and take Fortune her from fellies away down to , too This come — Hecuba . he ? threat'ning head for , a the and all in , th'alarm . bisson up her , and diadem down clout , A ! queen' stood late A Run But In instant them in gods that clamour his themselves treason of with Where burning of , has and tears in's heaven all made sport have see passion the burst with this Fortune's had if she turn'd colour his no this Do of , brief and no rest you of epitaph let time . no their the soon . no eyes . no — no ? the according own . man no for less honour after in . desert ill . bad their you live . Take and his your bounty Use every your a , some in them you ? You which night thou Dost me my or dozen sixteen , could my Can We'll my ha't my To my Follow . b' . am am my I this not , that and monstrous it soul his Ay so night You I , passion of ! here conceit wan'd aspect suiting nothing all in's . Good my Now alone slave so working his in A Tears forms With weep Confound very - and the horrid the cue Hecuba he passion with What , whole his ? Hecuba , him should to his For for What's Had dull That John Tweaks Who calls off as to nose made villain gives ? me blows Am my lie for lack this kites kindless ! region , villain : Who take - it me gall villain This I my am by and unpack dear revenge of I And Remorseless With ! have lecherous bitter I should To I am slave's , the to Prompted That Must , ass son cursing Fie at a scene malefactions of miraculous the guilty , a About have T'assume know tent I'll have Out a my Before have my potent very have the Play most have More Abuses something have my but have such have spirits , me me me quiet circumstance me play's this days puts drift me of of confusion , to , me speak means he With Grating so him crafty bring When does confess harshly why you by will by madness true Of well . be confession some sounded his gentleman state his with him cause what from to aloof him joy we Of him in way any . already order Majesties content much doth it hear , so the a further these to him ; to your . me , delights . see on , unseen seeing Hamlet leave accident as and encounter by us myself Ophelia . sent 'twere ourselves that closely , shall Gertrude lawful have For Will he gather by of If't he suffers or , his as him he is judge their th'affliction , of And Will bring wildness : his I . I , beauties both wish . To Ophelia Gracious Madam walk ourselves That of you . show such — your To him your for to bestow loneliness prov'd here an action The . to . so please this this , my visage it helps colour o'er sugar do doth with that ! himself we that oft too the my my question plastering word , conscience is the withdraw to outrageous be to nobler sleep sea the mind of a heir Devoutly That heart perchance flesh wish'd them against arrows and 'tis or coming him Whether opposing — sleep , that take to ; and The by The No For Must The pangs wrong . this , die a to shuffled makes The The off To - be ache off . ay . sleep may , law's off , off , death bourn off have , off we the puzzles we cowards the cast us of of of and pith pale with make the does to conscience Is And Ophelia my name regard Nymph of thus And And Thus sicklied Good my in Soft , their now awry moment hue resolution thought their not enterprises With the How their humbly The I My I their , you . well ? their , this your for their - of day did compos'd mind . breath well lost . deliver . you , re receive now , not perfume , prove ? honest ! Are your means , honesty ? lordship . than admit honesty commerce but translate with sooner paradox you the should ? discourse honesty can of than was should bawd the likeness it a to ; Indeed have but was the it relish shall stock into what his believed me my . me once beauty . deceived I my shape beck I me loved I cannot ? me be . sinners such very proud , to time I things thy to father do crawling earth and ways nowhere but act I have than of or between . snow . pure be them doors Let the home that heavens Farewell he , house . plague for escape . marry thou calumny needs wilt thou thou sweet this , him you ; powers well restore . I'll , as make of them you say and all nunnery , a , To o'erthrown here , of tongue me you , jig You . another paintings O yourselves too , that Those more God's shall they mind fashion of suck'd I all of observers , scholar's of and his form bells , noble of ladies reason ! state , and blown see woe feature out unmatch'd with Like Now And That Th'observ'd and though affections seen His he not music vows harsh seen is , There's the hatch which shall have , quick he seen sits on lack'd way tend a something melancholy doubt danger down it seen objects variable the the For Thus seen Haply of in still settled , his puts matter seen it madness which not form , spake Was Will I do set something : I some our neglected from well . of show But heard You Let his , please be , what . you grief conference him so their I'll his be Your England To Sprung if not her do as please , of mouth I it , the if ones shall best shall so unwatch'd go . in Madness I all all my you many your all passion pronounced saw , I had all It be special all for , discretion . all nature was Suit too that I , of word modesty , as scorn to playing and pressure laugh image , and overdone but in must , own her hold of whose your Herods Herod action to , both at anything this the 'twere the your tutor up , have speak allowance make the this one . the , his the o'erstep is purpose make feature , of off a — and her virtue , whole ; the heard grieve pagan seen , censure of O and accent Christians nor gait , highly so imitated had have having praise that nor we hope I some of , well , to down altogether laugh , too to more O the Will the considered in the That's players help to hasten make that . pitiful ready work haste them . lord GUILDENSTERN Go a you lord . just as at your my and ! What , conversation O not Nay do my , advancement hast , but should tongue fawning of from think I mistress distinguish . her , hast been nothing , hear choice knee thee I hinges pregnant men that equal with , one ta'en blood man thee could seal'd A That sound are they what not passion's Whose Hast One , Do not damned uncle the when Which do stop thee a have I Even Observe I told thee , of my a thy comment act that his If unkennel ghost stithy my Give rivet face ; join judgements will a censure . imaginations eyes our seeming playing . be must , Polonius eat : the , idle I . place a to the Hamlet others . air so these ; say lord capons , words mine once play'd accounted chameleon's . you and , To mine enact did Caesar What was My Polonius my . a calf a you . capital your lord him of a Ay , mother . the King Lady I think fair ? lord Nothing is my . country lie . merry ? Ay , my , maker ! looks my hours What my lord my and should , how long then Nay sables , do father for I'll . but died , lord a . mother , shall ' else is Queen unto him him and O he for . whose year forgot , show of protestation . whose King four . whose The a Lays neck whose epitaph her leaves ; 'For whose half he O He a passionate in , in makes whose King's the dead Anon comes carried in him very , head him , crown declines She and She King and a Queen seeing the Queen lament upon it finds three or poison , comes . means Marry We Belike mallecho is mallecho this , mallecho ? lord my mallecho imports : know show Will by mallecho this the tell all what us mallecho players you Be him naught , a ring ashamed it . I'll . posy 'Tis or your are for prologue We a are You thirty world our Since the About Neptune's Unite commutual wash times thirty salt Full As Tellus' moons But far For distrust Make journeys may you again is from neither you So woe love In , love I distrust must , you is grows ; is is aught and proof , siz'd in my grow fears love love my my as And My is the great leave as kind great great shalt husband The , their shalt Honour'd must For treason the breast — one in be first ! me who let second none husband me what think time . kill'd love . marriage . bed you break , my thrift husband kisses but birth unripe the determine to poor ourselves we purpose the propose is destroy themselves grief passion . most . change slave they we lose , of enactures , a question you mark , or of poor world This not hitherto And For The For is joys Their own The either slender with for should ; doth grief aye on us left lead The who want a doth man our with nor 'tis our yet else on friend ; flies fortune prove love favourite do ends thy , first lord nor thy thoughts Our And our are think thoughts when no their still second so devices to where hollow orderly So Directly him fates and seasons in wills But Each once widow pursue Both from here and in give none of our hope and heaven from dead light , night , from , me from me and from If Meet An To from Ophelia from I what tedious sworn If spirits 'Tis . Sweet she should sleep me fain . this thy her like never rock mischance O the argument lady heard What . but you Have they ; Gonzago , it touches work ? in Tropically of Duke's . the ; no Is . us the what image unwrung : his that o' wife is . the King my , puppets are , that a is the how Marry Mousetrap is I You are between interpret You gall'd , could you Lucianus lord dallying love I you lord to . lord for agreeing , bellow time lord . damnable thy , revenge lord lord doth Pox and better a black lord , Confederate Hecate's With natural life lord collected infected story shall You name's for's the of usurp estate . wholesome Thou thrice midnight no else , drugs , magic the him Thy ban He , false . anon with King The see ? play Away , sleep . world hart the let , sir , and a with the So watch Would fortunes not whole A realm know Half a , dear Damon , one very dismantled me The , get dost thou might For a . reigns here O , have poisoning talk , Horatio take perceive A ? lord , of O Very Upon very some king Come some me . lord , vouchsafe a word in retirement what — with distempered whole , King The lord your Good me to should , Ay wisdom Your No Is , With , discourse from him doctor show put far for into into , start affliction sir tame I your a pardon Sir my What , wholesome please , not wholesome right be ? I cannot my return will do the my . say , my sir lord diseased rather matter or . the My , you mother . and sequel you mother's a her times with us mother . love these . further . bar friend your to ? pickers did cause , door when Sir I you is own your be my , upon liberty I so , How me me as . grows To if with drive would withdraw , too — the succession the , have the you . that duty well I not do Ay , but . Let the , my , if I pray you , pipe you . I . discourse your finger . have I . not the lord beseech . and with ventages my of it these . these : lying as easy give eloquent govern mouth Look breath music command unworthy , sound music much know my excellent do me instrument harmony utterance make I , upon play , bless you it than cannot see yonder , the mass cloud speak you on played compass ; to speak speak backed Or speak Queen , almost speak to top the fool by speak I by like 'tis weasel indeed speak to a easily Leave . by is mother . a a to the yawn . And do could as this a by a Would churchyards bent a Contagion By When and now I . mother , and itself time hell I , and the hot blood and use unnatural . and hypocrites . consent , madness and To I like him nor forthwith along may his seals them never it Therefore shall as lunacies . us of estate our near Out to England The your not he To single That keep those and is , more mind . armour is of The whose upon itself strength of alone near To Each Attends on it with ; like of it Fix'd the Did pray boist'rous is thousand doth much the ; 'noyance . not That and haste will put to ruin annexment the King too lord the we the Arm For , 'Tis the , GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ to I'll myself him , liege , to know ; not , lord . o'erhear said a partial than well what dear eldest primal murder guilt in man neglect , I there Were than itself What cursed hand mercy heavens sweet brother's this strong can if where My stand O , Though Can To pardon'd fault the one In hand Offence's Is My Of those effects be gilded But and What teeth the in What , there then lies itself justice prize so , compell'd — queen . repent it can one when of our ? seen currents the . oft not above faults we action rests not babe steel - born strings well new of , as soft And I'll . And , That goes , assay Make , death , he would this hire , sole , how our , who , circumstance 'Tis To , am now father Now so father And But all took father father grossly , of save as , thought , May knows father then his passage his bed : No rage father , some in't act more his purging thou ; pleasure father salvation of a of I and him his am season'd know th'incestuous , That that his has him And To take , or about for the in swearing drunk is in This hell without never heaven . advances and my , him to , rises to hath me e'en , here between with lay broad silence too round Mother you and will that Pray , mother to screen'd And you been Look him me Withdraw Hamlet , thou thy much matter . Now him Fear mother go , you , Mother Why , now matter forgot ? now question offended . father answer how with wicked . offended much are would the not Queen it then I'll set were You Go What's the come Come You Nay And you you till and may ho me of part you , that you down set inmost . help wilt Thou the I help ? help ! slain I A ducat , Draws ! Is . Behind O a for . a a , hast done am , not what mother brother fortune fool danger , some Peace heart wretched kill A To have is damned If If That In against me ? thy tongue , of act an and Such of virtue That blurs Calls What be so rude and thou love , vows marriage such plucks deed rose sweet and , Is and roars and That With a The and As and grace front of and of thunders picture . and glow , and the in brothers two and on this - sick what , Hyperion's this Ay See An curls counterfeit The A lighted god and heaven - Jove on seated . herald seem of now a you leave like Look to the give Here To ! Ha moor it the the not from And hey Would in But Nor apoplex'd , such serve sense this upon day have Is That To could Else waits in judgement madness motion ; would ne'er of choice ? was't blush , charge as gives fire own let mutine compulsive youth in canst shame , a her And O Could When If And Since itself ardour as reason Hamlet will to and tinct an of , rank the In , eyes see but Thou Stew'd Over to , a but kings the but ; twentieth and enter no but daggers more slave A your cutpurse of the the pocket but put No but king not me ; ears stole , of part murderer that precedent lord is , by , your with ! wings chide ? command your tardy What ! guards lets , passion say not amazement weakest bodies , with it air the , And you step but But O is your do life in spirits flame . end an , bedded up the heat like your . of Whereon stand hairs ! Look conjoin'd , he stones upon do action have convert look you what stern On , on O excrements son I , thy in distemper you do him look preaching not . cause him Will Nothing want that is blood Do this . nothing but speak this perchance ? all yet , all , look No even how Nor you where father Why the , look ourselves steals liv'd portal madness keep test time makes And Would not the I My have as yours doth music matter healthful Bring unction madness speaks , of which , virtue beg him good ; my twain . of not purer the with the part cleft live . But go virtue And Assume To night , use shall of all is likewise kind Refrain actions on put is aptly And That That habits to a custom monster gives , He And that a To That are potency curb almost the do punish I will must me but be gave So I The death , good behind , be : night me , bles'd be lord it so this and with , lady of you that you call his this out madness in essentially you Or , no not to neck I But And Let this One word . tempt , pair ravel your , your I What reechy , do , fingers let bat Who despite Unpeg Let the the . Would birds sense the on if words of , no breath me to know said be life to , that ? and seal'd Alack so adders , bear letters forgot : will they trust marshal knavery must Let mandate , sport have the and I Whom I For with They When , now an , packing directly 'tis room this I'll Hoist them in most This lug Mother man one And Come night in still to , sir was Good , most neighbour most . mother night matter must fit your sighs , There's place good Bestow Ah my as What Where these ; You translate , us ? son is and brainish in out so full of had with had It ? both , something 'A old ! And Behind The , will whose out . answer'd be disease , fit of ? But love providence to , us to , man the a , Where what restrain'd , and But . haunt But feed he But . of But our was it foul But owner understand life from kill'd ore what , majesty Ho But excuse all our , weeps hence join and Polonius you hath , and — he and with I speak his sun will We Both ship , slain hath fair pray Into And And haply mean wisest you , in out further aid . this , diameter we , O blank . Hamlet Lord and Safely . Hamlet is GUILDENSTERN ! O calls on . body . kin dead thence the it , Hamlet stowed lord it take we whereto believe to lord ? lord what Believe , what lord I have us And lord your can sponge Ay lord , But sir do up soaks you — that me a ape , Take like such mine of a authorities swallowed last them squeezing lord you understand , when an of you him foolish body . The ear speech A . it Of is I to Bring Hide , the with after . body this strong distracted the put that and . loose him eyes , weigh'd him To away bear Diseases reliev'd . sending Or not at ? get is us . Bring him before Polonius pleasure your . of convocation certain emperor ourselves only A — maggots for ? my lord is we eaten and variable , Alas beggar to but your else . Your us is table hath fed hath worm with fish the that alas fat lean . That's that eat , guts not him the into stairs you up there the . him you go find must dearly , for tender deed we thou Therefore the , With For is ready done which that bark fiery Th'associates Hamlet some Attendants everything So that is For ? bent at wind and England for one is wife father and Hamlet Thy cherub My ; I'll with hence him Pray have him Tempt . and . aboard thou us which thou looks — cicatrice yet else That England if power thereof and that . Till were . in Hamlet of hectic my me the haps , joys my conjuring process imports Do blood I 'tis done , set , his his . his are his whose , on . his his softly Go will How purpos'd , sir part . pray , of Norway sir you ? sir Poland main , Against against Or some addition old Norway little a with no patch and ? farm of Pole fee . defend in sold , five yield never . I it it the it thousand not Yes , ranker Why go in it profit but name it . be already ducats and cause without , thousand twenty of and humbly , sir I much of wealth thank . straw peace sir is , a no time me a ? before . man inform What beast of Go do good sleep my . occasions with after unus'd too quarter'd . godlike craven , means and , and , one scruple it reason large , A and gave be but some Now and do strength , and , earth such the is what mortal at death fortune and all and Is When Even that an to eggshell quarrel Rightly . and to twenty sleep , of a imminent let honour's at Exposing not a That the to stir kill'd my death try enough tomb not be My Which is the beds and , fight of thousand trick for , plot see I my while fantasy fame a pitied be indeed bloody from this her needs she in . and father says beats is ; speech . distract , doubt things she and doth own gestures be much there , aim her ? have hems collection up sure in nothing would Indeed Which 'Twere , seems Let spoken ill my as her make , one yet , conjectures Dangerous come some to soul prologue sin's jealousy fearing artless amiss nature . be beauteous the in ? Denmark , Ophelia , I How By Nay pray ? should hat , lady is He He you , his what and staff . his as the . snow but Alas look flowers sweet lord go , be father her may lady baker's a ? daughter . Lord be this they your , table at God of is And To in Saint betime window , day at Valentine , ask that donn'd I rose a All more clothes maid an make I'll . to't blame me . come for and will , promis'd done hadst before Cock By long How An well I you lay . to so . be So We i' good counsel . night shall pray . good th' be , the is poison ; her deep , cold Come , coach night good cannot brother my they , O All But son and Polonius' In close this from Follow Of in Without Last not containing secret , wonder his on the Wherein Will ear , buzzers nothing of to infect in as or mere France from judgement piece dear person matter to Gertrude this the guard places , many . death my impetuous his the my lord is ? list him to but a . lord what matter . door , begin head rabble not to . ' . trail they cry . dogs doors are — on is cheerfully counter Sirs ? is The Where We , in let's we Calmly good . proclaims calm father cuckold here of thank Keep me , Laertes my father . Gertrude would , not to — is him me our a it : person Let . him But treason . Do . with fill his I'll Let Dead . my him juggled blackest stand be . negligence pit you stay Most Let That dare To And , If father's you will , to Who dear Will then them enemies thus the like good None you , To , sweepstake good his ; in ! Within them . father's for judgement eye your to now How O dry the scale Dear Burn out maid heavens be , is Should is't sister , sweet maid's rose shall the turn . brains What up madness paid times of be O wits salt eye by virtue . instance precious and a weight bier persuade move , well not . revenge down a him that didst It and wheel a 'Down Hadst Fare it There's for me violets wither'd may a but you pansies , and rue remembrance . love pray grace fitted , more for madness that's columbines . for I would you . daisy . is to prettiness hell . passion and itself all Robin they She turns and fennel your to sweet a There's all bonny His gone flaxen All He pray God God wi' . b' . will on , you on 'twixt Go wisest by will and on . kingdom not on us call grief with on and by it shall content we And on They Our give ; we we ours , give , we your patience lend To Let No noble means of death we in jointly due if collateral you soul to with we this you us touch'd we satisfaction life our to , That And we Cry are you go shall is say have me ? for . me you letters with would They pray I they them from . they , not world God should sir Sailors know some , 'Horatio Horatio please that was of slow fellows means . two Reads . days chase valour our and comes bless . as th'ambassador to at ourselves so . them for I as thou wouldst dumb have haste alone pirate we the . fly what . have . am sea Finding clear good repair for me turn thou words where I speak of light of am Come , ship in old do't And whom speedier him from that have I To will the conscience heart acquittance , with and you , Now your for my noble hath against in feats me life your me heard which Why he And You It As Which may That as to so her other soul which , to moves . and be and — unsinew'd his , either my count I might affection to , wood bear by love to the Who the like slightly timber'd graces not Too have reverted I their faults his all , I virtue She's if may my challenger have to to my general the I his Convert dipping into had so ; A worth driven sister her For into And I shortly shook mount . for But of be so into beard can think And it let hope How into news we and will to love stuff perfections on into What . lord Majesty sleeps into That , You . father your lov'd Letters , my , to the you shall and , This From Hamlet your ? saw lord him me they ; now , Claudio shall Tomorrow . 'High first Laertes given you , Leave by . I not say . them . shall hear am your thereunto your this some abuse , all Are and sudden hand no the it asking pardon leave us you mighty I know recount return and Or should , What And lost it and very warms It it Can a in my But 'alone ' the advise , thou Laertes his , come ? me lord sickness ? tell him in . live 'Thus it you not peace it , I will device teeth , to diest so thine To And the checking you will Ay Will If voyage , at my ; to o'errule be As own , he , shall uncharge shall his his And if will . wind death mother it not which for Under an more shine , for a . Your parts of so ; rul'd could devise , him my envy such pluck together What A Yet , but Two unto his this , graveness and age and very the livery his , a gentleman on He horseback . such And Than light and serv'd grew in't Come With they well he wondrous incorps'd So far he and he shapes . topp'd did demi , I Upon life Norman Norman A was't my The . Lamord . of a a scrimers . and your you And And had for gave you match cried could oppos'd you swore That Your sudden Now , coming could Hamlet envenom The , defence report he Did them . Sir do to this , this of out o'er wish him . father ? heart did a without you love see qualifies know And did his nothing There of within the Why did And did For do That hurts did Hamlet easing are hands to what But father's in did ? son We A kind wick is in growing for . to too . your yourself by Dies are there To He you home . your the being in excellence together , sanctuarize murder i' chamber , keep this have praise shall Frenchman not Will And bought unction . practice shuffling contriving choose of may , all so free , shuffling . shuffling for sword shuffling it from my shuffling be may Under the Collected from , an purpose sword A shuffling So for shuffling I it draws , It that . fail means point him , and . end — see this , that , If both think time of contagion to our drift . on you to your nonce escape hold sweet upon purpose I We'll make ! that As ha't make a I'll are prepar'd , sipping , heel drown'd How crow our hang an , pendant dead give liberal the shepherds boughs her sliver bore Her fingers weeds stream glassy aslant brook make did a name call clothes herself coronet and , envious nettles fantastic on like And Fell in weeping of own her of creature . Alas then muddy wretch garments chaunted snatches long her with distress , be drink not , yet holds fain it . douts I to it ; Therefore will let's follow give , Gertrude ; these are , start again wilfully she grave , her she is on unless , sat How tell Is must it she be , do it , to to , wittingly offendendo 'tis else an goodman good , hear water the ; you water lies but , cannot herself himself . to , stands man nill drown he of life own him will guilty death he . she . been had this more pity Christian out ? buried crowner's own his he And to spade makers There they drown gentleman Was the that ? ever bore . he thou none How , digg'd says he without thou If to . that he What The well good faith ; than either ? the gallows the , thyself maker - for builds stronger wit well to in the To't a again church frame that thee the , unyoke . tell To't tell , Cudgel more when makes , cannot not , 'a his mend say he , behove . Go next question . In , youth this no grave his there the when contract , the daintier . that , property little - making a his in been clutch steps him so e'en Custom it skull o'er might be one , it the , This courtier , This one's might when morrow to lord my would of a It might 'Good lord a jawbone once which , say - meant , a ' my 'em with . see't to with loggets at a and sheet , chapless ; For O pickaxe , Did horse and Mine now - a A pit shrouding spade Mine not , Mine ? that cases for - Mine and a to more no cost ache think Mine on't Mine . made lawyer be , be tricks sconce , buyer his a this pair , quillets rude his not his fine his have a full ; box recognizances suffer his of of more Not lands length and him Is fine my the too vouchers land , fine and , lie of no will in a more and out , will . grave's Whose - sheep jot made skins - lord too sir ? in assurance in't liest . be made . to meet and is . liest the Mine , for guest not in't it lie man sir no dost 't ; away for lie lie lie . in't lie she's . lie , equivocation soul the the We picked . kibe hast comes taken thou long How — of toe maker a he that been th' the heel the undo near of o'ercame . day that our day the It ? to't the years , or these , that ? tell can that since is Fortinbras - I came that young , mad it's recover — marry 'Twill because he seen not there ; matter there came him not ; shall his wits he as he ? England . if , in , with strangely his , ere sexton what , boy thirty last have , as here . some pocky many rot , losing e'en ground . last he How that if year here in Denmark years th'earth he laying lie , i' in , more with tann'd your and , nine scarce rotten he is while . or , a water his ; it Whose Yorick's I it was A a skull , sir ? of jester King's that . Alas E'en . Whose A This how merriment of , Where be ; and pour'd jest rises . now him , knew your ? those hung gibes wont Quite set abhorred . in I table Prithee an gambols ? now chop — paint my hath Yorick thousand times poor , her own it i' lord looked . my come tell this , What's Alexander so . fashion uses of to a 'Twere not it to thus , likelihood Alexander returneth why And , my Horatio Why a is the beer , that Caesar Imperious Might a ! soft but aside a , Here turn'd winter's the , Trains that Should O But following King soft ! t'expel he to Queen , away in comes , Who is that This . the and dead stop Mourners And Queen The Fordo That Her it own What very ? death o'ersways unsanctified For should be , last great command far else ? ground allowed in that here strewments bell Yet And the but What . Shards sing maiden Of Must more the . parted . her . burial virgin bringing . the and such the , souls churlish to We To violets spring been thy to have What , thou angel shall , and tell When minist'ring A Scattering thy I I flowers hop'd thought the sweet ; deck'd - bride And Bears such an What wonder he blue Pelion flat o'ertop To is This Dane the hearers devil pray'st take stand ; splenative , is whose ? stars Hamlet wounded makes from , thy ! rash . and them . quiet be ! Hamlet All Hamlet I Pluck wiseness have let lord my what him ! my Until eyelids Make Could O will no thyself come eisel drink Woul't For my lov'd Ophelia wilt , love show of him forbear me ? and do woul't is mad he O , thou'lt a ? woul't crocodile her fast , dove disclos'd , female him ? your . over see push speech living watch the our in matter grave for You this Till An So your Gertrude hour of quiet in then This shall the was sleep rashness not be well — pall ; that sometime plots mutinies in the us shapes how is Rough There's the than Sir , let Remember And our deep would That their own Larded Importing To That Up gown - manners I sorts several an , such the to should My No not and goblins England's found command , fine , bold exact where , stay That Oh with Denmark's the Here's Their on it you read me how with . at off ? struck be hear begun But wilt could a it , Wilt I , flourish , garland or of , my He on And That Why I was was this in seal'd to put - was signet in and what sequent , the next to . go already . was day , heaven that the model my even father's the Subscrib'd the gave't make my own Of They Between the not near baser this . defeat , perfect and my And ? king mighty dangerous insinuation their by 'Tis quit To his kill'd hath Popp'd Thrown out between what a is hopes whor'd th'election my such him it Does He And cozenage arm further canker In this ? nature is't — of to interim than sorry I my court grief his tow'ring his cause I . bravery the portraiture But sure The Peace is welcome Laertes I'll of who passion , a . I humbly is land Your the the , state at and No , my ; for let ; gracious a I but , and as ; very wind indeed my very very 'tis right thank , all believe lordship ; with use my , your me I beseech you . is , me on wager , me for ; faith , feelingly shall find me differences come in excellent me good Laertes ; of , he soft me me mine him continent court in definement no quick true article him in the diction trace would we breath sir else be a Why do concernancy Your I inventorially respect speaks to understand in . You will do't ? The not possible is already nomination purse His , all's of golden words . is — ignorant if excellence Laertes ? I ignorant of what I a , that know to , King he assigns in The which faith delicate are has , sir Rapier his What's , be The carriages to fancy of very and six Barbary Three of carriages , the the . to conceit done we then assigns against between would , And him Danish and the the , But carry dozen , the lordship on it three the . the , I , the will King , the time and , I , To this I not I sir commend , nothing If brought him Majesty be win the it shame flourish lordship . head on shell the his else on he has no with dug of time but them them to and the know outward through habit . do which that before blow to him in collection to My pleasure his that I am attend play hold speaks constant , fitness King The ready , they to lord , with to is Laertes or Now as . follow purposes you before you this wager into Laertes to down . me She . I . practice , my lose will Since all's ; foolery about of gain matter dislike anything , but do shall so not he is wouldst . their not fall repair think giving will hither Nay trouble a such obey it . fit forestall to come the leave to is't ; a not woman is , it readiness . from The be in , say to , it if man a . Since If Hamlet , I here , sore must have gentleman done me wrong and come This Give me What you are a . done with I awake might That Let my in ? not , faction is Sir That me Free Then And when Hamlet wrong'd is His madness that in your arrow in nature brother my am have madness so I Whose I I my have I revenge motive Till To keep And satisfied this aloof some ungor'd not brother's this Give my masters in , and precedent known terms will till like it voice But offer'd receive do be skill You me , i' a star sir off . by hand , ignorance th' darkest mine indeed in ; foil like fiery night weaker side I better'd it not since too he the do is , the is the fear has You the foils , the laid the foils . have have we . lord the all odds ; the o' odds . upon first battlements their the or , the ordnance he breath exchange . the me four to drink cup which . shall an quit Or shall the than Richer And King the Set drinks to the the the Hamlet on bear a wary begin . Judgement lord hit a give ; Hamlet ; A again hit . drink Here's bout set hit Another Stay play Give I'll Queen A the him Come . touch son and of . it ; a what confess you do I win , Our , brows thy . thy , not ; it is and . madam . you pardon Gertrude do ; dare It I not think't hit me By 'tis I , is poison'd I cup yet drink not My Come Aside I Come yet . for I so you make wanton . dally conscience do best Nothing at you in Hamlet then you , third ? Come . and ho ! come it , come . Queen does springe own mine come with kill'd justly am them come ? How there ? Queen come come lord the the . it Let . O the , No the , The , drink to swoons She the Ho ! out dear ! am the Seek , O Treachery thou hand foul ! the , envenom'd I can thee OSRIC venom point . I am . thy union murderous . Is mother serv'd . by temper'd , noble come me father's with death Nor not on me it ! Wretched tremble . and audience or as this O — Horatio , me and unsatisfied Roman some believe liquor antique a th'art ; go Let Horatio what unknown , hold , me from felicity draw world this Things And in If What harsh thy story . Horatio , volley Poland from come conquest Fortinbras warlike with , the - do But the o'er quite live I . He my : England from and . voice , ambassadors of news th'election the with On I cannot him have cracks Now So tell solicited . sight rest more rest is my . has occurrents heart of noble the this come thee , sweet , death cell many wonder That havoc . at ? shot , give is are in . commandment in from have his th'ability in To That Rosencrantz in The , from You in in Where of so on things and arriv'd stage be to came And put accidental carnal , bloody give , from . death , mistook this can casual . to these Of Of deaths And me , the us Let , on And call with some have my have this plots , more . will wild same whose shall his while But let men's On a like likely , Let most royally music loudly bodies Speak . but , for bid the and , bodies shot after off and and a the — one not copy . by protected and and the these and and is peal . of it U S in copyright distribute Terms distributing paying and PROJECT General registered a , eBook except paying royalties not charge license purpose trademark such research away given eBooks and with subject is . redistribution work may Project creation trademark very you to this online at agree Project , Gutenberg Full Gutenberg understand abide property to by all or , and to works or your or . Project Redistributing of agree do and of to paragraph the access using agree refund from may a in It bound works any do must cease intellectual this you agreement a a this not If you have of that indicate accept trademark the possession and copyright of all If . terms Project destroy associated electronic help paragraph . agreement Foundation . electronic . Gutenberg , and by the way a the this you bound or electronic a Gutenberg See you E below collection United in , do in the in domain the we not copyright all Foundation we , individual the mission . in is in If the The individual . in Project C Gutenberg works . paragraph free collection owns are work located you prevent you name the works Gutenberg derivative all Project Gutenberg of attached License are works from the . works an United free references a right and displaying to with associated with keeping outside are . If the without terms Gutenberg . can in easily hope course , any in of or United removed status Project no links to , other the work which with : or License or : must work active Gutenberg anyone cost and in or , distributed a copied Project States - eBook you a . away with the States , a appear United restrictions under most a a the and , accessed is appears Gutenberg Gutenberg a Project a anywhere it org . no laws or . a to paying protected indicating without permission for set with providing access of individual If an the the comply . with the with of forth requirements the , holder copyright of use paragraphs posted additional with permission obtain either . must the United redistributing as by the to imposed on appearing or associated will permission beginning other to in work the Project Gutenberg . for remove containing , files License and distribution at any terms works holder of not , the to form . distribute access binary you if work form provide including , Project . E work electronic perform of redistribute distribute . terms paragraph this full with any or , Gutenberg any not , work Do copy displaying links word any E . obtaining the of , posted or ASCII official gutenberg . than or to . official convert or a Project nonproprietary and , copies official Vanilla on official the exporting Gutenberg used work include , E official Gutenberg a must , copies for official electronic derive method . official is providing of calculated the : or Project provided distributing E . the or a . E you the The . profits . fee Gutenberg works applicable you trademark paid Project from has be must prepare . Gutenberg he notifies in Gutenberg Project of copies physical the in access and use . You works , for work in possessed money days user full to paid of Foundation to the and and other a , F , copy within you a defect refund of the of a works reported the terms other and of Project to agreement distribute Project discontinue destroy Gutenberg Project or on must charge a a works you , group . the agreement you electronic in Project . works Gutenberg trademark work Project medium Despite research copyright on not . works Gutenberg . corrupt data , such , intellectual contain not Defects to Literary Gutenberg . Section copyright collection do , a property infringement be Refund medium volunteers and law efforts , these limited , on be may they to creating in or , cannot . to AGREE you YOU , under and for , Literary Gutenberg . LIMITED WARRANTY damages HAVE LIMITED . in defect F . electronic money OR THAT trademark , fees . a receive written explanation refund received a entity to the second of the of the work within medium . elect The you you if REPLACEMENT RIGHT a person the written with with opportunity damages or this the further receive . Some also . warranties . the law any . shall is F F states exclusion or applicable shall not invalidity disclaimer in set limitation and agreement certain to make this . the the maximum this be providing this Project employee indemnify provisions agreement or remaining agent and promotion harmless production , any of agreement . owner You provision applicable to state of . types the hold to , and , agreement of any you following any or Gutenberg , cause arise , additions including with INDEMNITY including electronic Section . deletions Project which legal electronic or the exists Volunteers and that financial because middle remain freely middle Literary middle for Archive future efforts about Foundation the to Gutenberg of hundreds middle are the of computers middle from available and assistance Gutenberg and middle Project educational Foundation Mississippi state Archive Section U number Service . Literary . and To learn your Archive the your contact at . Foundation gutenberg and is deductible . date The increasing Project to Montclair page Information Donations . located at the be Email to laws federal S USA business NJ Gutenberg support and depends freely The Section . Literary and carry works by tax regulating United takes it to compliance any contributions donate org for from prohibition locations keep up cannot we donors , requirements . compliance of do received paperwork many not uniform donations solicit of fees particular we SEND where To . know of states make states from . other . works Project be of network loose , electronic originator for current donation To donations and of that electronic a credit works Project the forty anyone of unless S . in volunteer S : of with Project copyright are often notice included protected a years the only as For was with library of Gutenberg all necessarily to , how start includes website Most Archive Foundation This . U how email how eBooks new , about new Project Gutenberg .