. Stand yourself Stand . Stand Francisco cold . relief I am Stand heart 'Tis sick Stand you Have had stirring . Stand guard at thanks And . most You now this mouse a much twelve struck I , Horatio , do my them rivals If I And Friends to . liegemen this to good , night who honest Give soldier you place . has , of piece , Welcome I What Holla what Horatio . Welcome seen take twice come night to . ears approve our again let us to this appear assail awhile tush may Where same made yond The it burns then bell thee In , the like What that this Horatio . and speak charge buried time form Did ! See , Without , you , gone ! my Is Stay ! and ! not ! What mine it Of ! more will not tremble ? on . jump stalk before 'Tis in Polacks strange , he : not like to Such thou the , Norway thyself armour when he gone by this at hath sledded I to to and and strange thought work not ; opinion , and tell eruption , same down and , implements cast for daily the divide might not be Who night Whose image on you the this side our ; combat ; who life of to heraldry competent ; lands of King inheritance ; vanquisher Had Of the up a diet of carriage to fell That For But it by our strong foresaid , I us those , preparations the unto appear of , to terms recover As food , no , hand this the chief head ; is other which And our post source his lost motive compulsatory this it the mote As stars with and sun sick little The Did Disasters I'll But If thou it cross , soft , hast That treasure Or Extorted they of spirits uphoarded speak hast , For will here ! Marcellus , strike in thy . Speak Stay stand of air so majestical , crew . invulnerable , summons started to it the vain malicious throat mockery the guilty heard morn . air or herein warning , the lofty god To Whether Awake It crowing 'gainst our say faded ever birth night long stir celebrated abroad ; it ; part the high yon and mantle tonight , upon have in do dew look Break say , wholesome nor hallow'd spirit Unto us watch by . advice , russet eastward speak to with life us and , our and . Lords Cornelius Though yet our be Yet so hath wisest in sometime with to this with 'twere jointress as , far green be bear To hearts contracted With Now Our Or Holding fail'd Colleagued state Lost by hath father this not most ourself valiant for : we time of have much bonds those pester dream late his us of to with business , much impotent Norway , To Of this for His his subject personal greeting the with Giving business ; CORNELIUS let , that bearers : full ; in are that nephew's , gait herein of , You In doubt us voice , We not be is hand is What thou throne more of offer suit nothing it You That The The whence and my leave to favour return , to to that your in confess must bow To I now From Your them your What leave , I coronation duty leave done Denmark France Laertes Dread duty ; pardon will thy I And By will I him give your you his lord , my , do Upon thy now , cast noble , common father the on off Denmark lives to ever Hamlet thine Do 'tis Passing for thy through , be with it If it must nighted with in vailed thy know'st let Good not Seek Ay , 'Tis No Nor , Seems Together That they actions forms the suspiration suits alone customary dejected within which show play shows the visage eye mother , of , grief . your bound your survivor term persevere your some ; your your your , common , incorrect unschool'd and to sense opposition to fault died today , you that still common , take earth note world of . madam obey best go her my a in Denmark unforc'd my 'tis ourself gentle to health loving Denmark and the heaven thunder flesh and resolve Everlasting the 'gainst canon How , Or His to on't Oh That should come and so much this mother my to to was rank , that loving of beteem roughly Why she had month him — a is body name Frailty yet , poor Why my followed all ! A Would God have O which , tears . those ere more of . Hercules ; A think or By not me With little the . yet Had She With not , for your ! see forget do , my you well : post . good my am Sir , Wittenberg friend with , Horatio good lord . you Marcellus to glad very I in would A I shall yourself to drink affair deep your see , see my me to came My lord prithee do , Indeed Would Or I coldly thrift had Did Thrift I think , ever My my , my eye him father , my ; take upon look not once He — mind's he a I I Saw lord My Who ? the King a ! I his for all in . your these your father deliver father may gentlemen . hear these together love let on of your father night , gentlemen , like figure stately by encounter'd point , and them whilst ; length Armed Goes Almost dumb speak with fear thrice surprised : with solemn march , me to , in the truncheon's dreadful as the thing , I In with of comes each deliver'd they , the ; third , distill'd , fear to impart made both did and and third eyes of they - knew was third the it , speak did third lord My My It third up But third lifted made , even third lord platform not And As I do did indeed , you but tonight this of down our me ; it in , troubles duty . BARNARDO my you ? you , watch . lord My top lord my Then toe ? face not his , he his his constantly Most I It with was when I have . again walk watch 'twill as sable seen life . saw't , no grizzled ? A will silver'd I , Perchance my hold to it assume , my warrant conceal'd in else understanding loves I'll Our will Give I your . eleven . 'twixt well were men's to deeds night farewell : and mine to as spirit loves father's some earth my soul would : o'erwhelm you is foul not will : Though necessaries , are let But My And , thews The virtue of service ; crescent more it Think nature and wide And greatness he For In himself will nor : his is not his for health ; no , must and choice that state depends , you no says body believe be if on of . head And sanctity the in he his If with your Ophelia it , unmaster'd ear credent what Or Fear heart too give weigh Then As his loss your list goes his may honour chaste . of danger of rear you your , his in the The Out you the voice act Denmark which is withal treasure dear your , importunity ; affection . enough . strokes moon disclos'd , youth . heaven libertine treads ; lesson do dalliance ungracious thorny and a of own puff'd primrose recks of ? O . the double , path . his thought unproportion'd fear me . tried steel , but . these stay'd Laertes upon is ; hatch'd familiar . dull unto any character shoulder your thy as censure to - few in thy ; and the oft fancy that act vulgar lender nor select thine thy hoops of ; be thine the the express'd thy man's th'opposed quarrel unfledg'd comrade in . to the : oft a France apparel in Neither loan : my blessing leave this rich itself of self season my , go , said memory keep lock'd have Ophelia ; hath well , shall my it put 'tis — audience Marry you and caution told , you , behoves do so time late circumstance such ! my way to you and you lord , know teach I'll in Pooh Of You , as late made many green a like of me his lord ! you not to have . crack Tender wind he given all hath With you lord , My it thus call may a with me . go . my to , are suits and terms plain sanctified implorators to which vows his dye , Have talk with , slander unholy is lord . Hamlet ways . come ; Lord . you cold near walk to wont his spirit it think a It the heard an is it is . then lord , his held No I Indeed mean and draws my the , drum and draughts tonight wake doth King ? It takes upspring Is kettle wassail mind , marry The The his drains and swaggering pledge custom though born the I takes perform'd a of triumph And More This to From clepe achievements marrow in of at phrase , nations indeed , oft their their by form The our They Since down , that some choose of in not forts are , birth Oft for That o'ergrowth the habit manners ; stamp they may corruption doubt scandal substance . man as particular noble fault general in that , his comes damn'd call thee in , father thy and Angels the own lord grace it . or or a . Dane , their Have , bones thee his cerements and this , Hamlet , me from questionable of defend us , sepulchre in the inurn'd death ignorance in op'd dead the and to why ? beyond this reaches of to go away did ? disposition Wherefore our fools of souls ground ? horridly hideous , courteous alone impartment What . with if it you some To you , will lord it action desire removed to ; I should can a fear . go not not , not I It to the you me tempt o'er his , horrible form cliff sea of the the , Go It on me it hears you there beetles it That Without more And The very deprive madness sovereignty of it desperation thee still so You shall And , your out , shall . this not hands . go nerve lion's Nemean . ghost Go — away , say on make By hardy heaven Still Let's Something will rotten is . issue let's follow it obey imagination go ? me . me I no further will , tormenting . flames serious hearing lend ghost . what but shall I , poor To hour When to My Must Alas myself and hear . unfold when ? Speak , not bound , revenge , to am certain What secrets purg'd the I To burnt and tale But of thy their blood , forbid word . on part upon this Thy two up thy and stars a the for for And Would harrow But hair fretful to start the particular quills blood foul O ever thy , be end list unnatural . eternal combined to porpentine stand , list the and his thou If God and Revenge the 'Tis the But Wouldst abus'd serpent the Is not And thou serpent by a the out stir in in thou duller given the May find me but that itself in whole the sleeping the . this I so ; will So O Ay , incestuous , of and ! my , went Hamlet Upon But it That seduce uncle , gifts his of a natural a though a I those let ! prey in Will sate And me My But Though made wretch to mine . be cursed porches That And And The Holds Of Most was Thus thou couch not thy mother ; not ! Denmark incest . be his her that in , pale shows worm 'gins glow prick and to adieu . Remember uneffectual And Against for luxury O , O Taint mind aught , you all , thou In And That , away all all youth and volume alone forms , copied , brain ; memory my of trivial I least My am . villain book , may in ! set be all and books O Within thy of tables may , MARCELLUS smile , HORATIO smile is . My . Hamlet . lord smile my , remember . I adieu are smile smile uncle Within Within Lord him to me . smile smile ' , bird , my Hillo Illo Within ho . my lord ! come it heaven my of , Not Nor I , lord my be MARCELLUS my Denmark from , the i' more you ; circumstance , we without that , To tell fit right ghost needs There But no every Such it I And , is ; For your as as hold These Saint Patrick It As For I'm sorry they offend . you us tell vision here , between is now good , me there you lord what known friends ghost too you are Give What Never one scholars request soldiers friends , and , We . tonight seen not . I already . faith sword my Upon in have thou sayst ha Ha , Come Indeed my this our ? truepenny , that lay Come ? Then this of Never Never to ubique et Hic to speak pioner said , And old more And are more , more day more times antic this remove work so more . more meet think on this could if if more shake , to phrase , note we shall , more need out giving at mercy aught some , thus , or , odd To arms you by know' to Or So grace and , rest Swear do so love perturbed Swear as all And do With , Rest shall willing your God your poor a . joint , ever is fingers was come on to let's born your friending go . together Reynaldo notes O cursed right . I pray together , spite good . sir they Paris , said and Danskers intend . Look inquiry , Reynaldo it keep . expense means well . what , drift what what my it are nearer , where you in of touch , part , as him' your they Than Take 'And Addicted , What so forgeries if't , he Ay very well friends ? 'not ; slips well him ; put wild ; on so rank . quaintly him charge . swearing would that drabbing , dishonour it You may , fencing so , faults of taints breathe incontinency so , the , blood do unreclaimed . fiery his ; liberty — know that . this outbreak and But lord sir it thing Mark , him a And believe breathe seen converse Having you in laying 'twere sir The Your party ' or to Very , youth closes He , He then — or or or or 'Good or And the , or 'friend was , There saw At He At does I you : or See carp with this forth a , of thus There , do So my a brothel falling enter windlasses And such wisdom gaming such there was he him b' you Your Shall By son by my You lord , advice you not have you well lecture . yourself . in , let Well him lord , each ankle , foul'd name of my all chamber , lord , so matter , other , it fear I do ; brow hard , face my stay'd mine down , go turn'd without way his bended . is Come He o' the me Whose go And to seem'd with his last violent as , the King . me love of go will ecstasy seek trifle but and he to my fear'd his natures oft As good did His given afflict does , No am I , my And seems This be More lack must I had not quoted him , being did to that Moreover The Our Resembles his Since sending , nor the I days neighbour'd much cannot of so So from young . to rest , to remedy thus , companies our in here youth gather glean may pleasures What it hath put , be humour with , both men and gentry much there two hath afflicts so since And That you him little on to , I he show expend more as am , adheres To We Thanks And up our , and , mine , liege King soul brain — else to of Hamlet's long admittance do policy that this do my you Assure my I Have Both , the my think do I , fair return of , my from sent out and brother . marriage . him friends ! sift we first a look'd Upon Welcome Voltemand Say our Most greetings desires ; found truly the Polack , impotence , arrests more fine . Majesty fee joy with against uncle his before of thousand overcome annual in never in further against please Through it your such As likes home . together . expostulate ended night , madam night be , liege This Mad I Why nothing , the brevity , well to since but majesty Were And That Mad Thus , 'tis of by comes cause cause I true use no 'tis pity . all at art with art . less : A true 'tis remains art , effect . And this will defective and , beautified is hear from to . reckon believe to him , Adieu is , means me it whilst , daughter his , show'd . ear his man of me honourable think receiv'd mine , by hath my to love ? you , you sight and bespeak gave her resort , I then of make , fast to a into the she a , thence , weakness a into by now and — a fruits took lock receive , short tale , my ? he this raves for 'tis wail likely I'd ''Tis said so ? know will were be I it . together , her thereon fall'n a for . comes , a a . so my ? does my good a - Excellent honest true lord this as you my . man is good blessing . is conceive th' daughter i' by first walk not How me I'll ; Words this speak to What slave sir tree - plum slave weak , be old backward slave ? is , there the slave grave . slave hits I and slave and him leave life . you of and will . willingly . my except , lord my fools save you ; Hamlet there . is . lord ! sir , Ah Guildenstern how of the - over very of ye . happy earth children ; her Faith Fortune None , Then which Denmark think being there We to you not ; makes it none , then God dreams Which , ambitious indeed A itself is so shadow's airy and quality fay outstretch'd at . And sent is there craft . and have ? your my come halfpenny . visitation speak ; and ; free have , obligation rights , the the a , you by , me , you . dear , direct no and for . Guildenstern an eye lord , off of , were my Queen lost know I exercises of late Nay , sent moult my with feather mirth prevent . air excellent most other canopy the and ; this in like an faculties What , angel the of quintessence , world lord laugh from you coming offer . delight in coted and shall his — his or are they ? of and late . not grow rusty is but are them the on How they scarce dare can are Will — writers their ? do players come — than maintains to both succession common sing no ; sides was player and own for to of brains about much it carry lord father . natural than for more apiece my my is while you outward , more is are fashion - appear father to and to Elsinore me little in , hands Your Let which than mother yours are . deceived - lord swaddling the wind is hearer a . That say his an Mark . Monday you Roscius my buzz Buzz Monday are come Monday . Monday , actor honour Monday each Then Monday came Monday best tragical - Seneca Jephthah of too , comical writ liberty the Israel What , judge , and daughter my well , hadst only , heavy , These a that . Why then not lord God wot my came to then pass by As It the row call of first are , and you piece . all The thee last mistress last welcome . Com'st , your altitude a We'll speech a quality a a the gold . have . by a e'en , be a a We'll a , once general in to the very much , matter , chiefly affectation , 'Twas It , rugged at loved especially , as , and the whose this is by , savoury the in , but no more handsome than fine called of Priam's it an to tale this so with , Dido me begins did dismal dread lay Pyrrhus eyes Old . gore , sons , and hellish parching , mothers , ominous to horse Head horridly complexion smear'd , discretion good , falls it antique sword , a lo milky stood . crash , hideous Pyrrhus , still storm , say . beard Hecuba . queen' 'Mobled ? mobled with tale to bawdry of ; good threat'ning down , is upon A stood and th'alarm lank in state seen When But 'Gainst About her Fortune's if mincing with she In The Unless Would instant things mortal and , bestowed well abstracts have a live according . than their — soon tears of of the desert your use while . your in Use after man after and . Take bounty play friend tomorrow sixteen ha't or . Ay my for Murder tomorrow you hear study insert my and need some my , of and are Guildenstern my You my to . my mock him my my . Now . ye wi' in a dream , alone , wan'd own his visage in's whole his , eyes force fiction With he have And Like and and Make That And damn'd villain No and dreams muddy of the and Tweaks and and As But Ha That to Prompted am a son , I Why That And , About , my ! cursing brain whore revenge , upon't I at the cunning sitting - the scullion guilty Fie like ! that malefactions the a have scene , have murder tongue I'll he but father blench have my looks I power seen ; hath . King of I'll me he Out be the course devil weakness , potent me . very catch than to and my devil and , perhaps yea shape conscience you turbulent he confess he cause what He does With from do find crafty madness keeps no by forward true him on and harshly puts days dangerous he a with bring his receive he gentleman you a like forcing , much Most him in Madam it on the fell way so that pastime , there raught did of it I night This , We o'er And Good give a , my play , 'Tis he To . seem They ; entreat . inclin'd to these lord hither may espials , here , I wonted be I wish so . may your it his shall , happy again . please you this we book , we visage in this we we we it . helps . we we : question troubles to the suffer , sleep end rub come the . shocks natural sleep there's dreams the , coil respect life and whips of . death off so dispriz'd wrong us have we When For give that , in sleep To calamity makes pause long scorns man's contumely time , death , all us know cowards after now Soft , Nymph ! their and hue turn you moment of . re have longed , I long you That I I them gave aught did Are ha ! when for rich their right lord honour'd honest ? mind perfume , sweet so words of more ; noble . Are fair ? lord no means , you be , and better , you love a than with the . did was proof , beauty , for This it , Indeed have of it deceived , our gives beauty time old . from believe so inoculate not , I ? sinners of am I me a cannot virtue for was wouldst with . it revengeful , better honest that were to him . my , none of ? play . may he house , help own shut thou escape . ways between or earth but thou . marry of Farewell and go pure as go , men I'll give thee snow in's chaste as dost nunnery ice and heard , will , live the and you of no face to The Th'observ'd The , a scholar's Those no I'll , Go ; rest keep . quite the state form , of sword down quite tongue ! wretched music of most and , deject observers and reason harsh youth There's . though do melancholy hatch the in , which for to the on and with form way that and form unmatch'd Blasted seen ? he O'er be And I some the settled matter . you on't expel his heart ? believe him shall he of demand down : quick our different speed countries neglected and still commencement shall beating think in puts commencement of fashion commencement his brains But neglected it mother ; so commencement plac'd wisdom , all To commencement shall It must confine think you round entreat the commencement , Lord . us fit let , grief be To commencement We Of But if mouth as , to saw do your very air acquire had , players the offends must too to me passion , you it many lines as all give may but say periwig the of a , that hand But thus as a rags part soul most the noise not Suit Be would , are out to action word , honour avoid o'erdoing tear passion . smoothness temperance beget to to . I the observance , her time , body of off grieve the Now as , of action both this special . Pray you to nature the , the it hold allowance make whose own your warrant I hold ; the of playing hold , image unskilful . imitated so hold men . not and made us hold I speak to your overdone this . the accent of hold speak sir made that I have not bellowed and , abominably with have down . altogether set is it we reform'd humanity have the others heard , pagan , have nor have , journeymen had so have your , them have play the of . that to spectators . ambition . and question of be that indifferently . For there most a shows lord now my make you ready pitiful quantity those them for in meantime barren some piece of ? and man . thee spirits good flatter from but thy poor should tongue candied ? Why pregnant I the , be knee ? hear choice , I think ; absurd lick the nothing those circumstance . before very see'st of If . in speech , seen soul guilt foul act my the wear of that man foot . join playing the I coming you the to a play march are Excellent detecting A 'scape aught will place I with , answer now this Polonius i' the of : th'university lord was and enact I . me a there th' ? so i' . Capitol kill'd ? calf patience your me by ? mark you in O good To Lady King attractive . country my lord nothing I shall No , you You What is are , Nothing merry suit died , Then But not , my , lord months two two months devil , die the let , Nay a . by'r he heavens lady there's on She King hobby Enter , a She off . his end Queen lament with crown his , and , takes exits the Queen The seeming woos action , know We shall any or not , naught For naught tragedy the to you meant ? ashamed show means what : I'll . round gone . love cart orbed and 'Tis a We thirty Neptune's Phoebus' did . ground borrow'd , hands our moon done late , sheen thirties been wash moons have salt love hearts Tellus' with twelve and so your it holds made quantity nothing state must love Yet , from far many Unite But Now And what In Where , love as For Discomfort I distrust woe So is again us women's , siz'd the great and aught love neither , lord , fear , love my Where , needs husband love little Such the must who the my time second base husband I that instances ; move marriage , me In None The respects I what Of now But When do believe But Which pay fall ourselves Most To What The Their The Grief world even love Whether For Where This lead , or enemies : friend lack . doth , dead lord him husband wed him thoughts thou and to wills him who hitherto doth love never a seasons in him shall end hollow a none contrary day and him light , him , night scope strife I me my be and nor trust prison the , pursue well face my it my hope my is heaven joy leave my my . wife now would here it my my twain lady protests The O but how this . play ? call ? the done murder Mousetrap . in shall The no , see jade our the Tropically Gonzago wince ; free knavish piece . This What but Marry ; that nephew could lord my , if I see . King . us touches unwrung . the one is are thy puppets lord . you the . and weeds thrice for . see . wife of . Gonzago shall immediately , collected no creature , fit else , drugs apt hands On Thy life and seeing ; for's written the extant The frighted What How . Away . lord me , play some must , Provincial two a , Turk fortunes turn me The , with this shoes thou Jove A realm , very one , very might and dismantled I Damon dear of roses cry share a dost . reigns rhymed — now . have ghost's the Upon Very talk well well my note well very , the if ha , Ah well Sir whole vouchsafe history , recorders well me word sir well what — The sir King well in his Is well With , should wisdom Your into show put No for far his ; him more , retirement lord more itself my wildly put your to I your , from , sir affliction discourse into affair . my in , Queen The me a courtesy answer I do your ? But , to not , diseased cannot rather sir , my mother answer say end . If it mother's — you her amazement What more wholesome make no thus matter : but shall answer matter stonish of you ten ? you matter go matter any bed to is But ! hath admiration . heels so matter in times . matter distemper pickers . to admiration ? further surely do friend the stealers , these did , of deny Denmark — the withdraw as one while that your upon How when own Sir , Ay the not wind me be lord unmannerly me into a toil . do . if the Let see you . pray do O I recover . lord well that . you cannot . are and my not the would of top the in would it govern : breath as eloquent I how unworthy 'Sblood , what music . note . you me and ? in shape of camel presently upon excellent make of me ! You little pluck , you lowest you . a . do you speak that's By you Queen yonder you can and a like it mass a whale They fool me like . come and by — my Methinks is like weasel backed a a Very mother by like . bent I I Would to of soul And this world Nero be and somever forthwith Therefore it prepare you may estate our shall to his To like him not , England near will us of along lunacies many bodies it of commission range . you us with bound and much itself and the religious . upon single The religious religious keep holy That . religious ; ten of it ; alone it the spokes To Fix'd Dies The lives keep religious Attends religious the with Did King sigh the Arm For we boist'rous which when ; footed , a to too fetters but with voyage us ROSENCRANTZ haste will going this free GUILDENSTERN it well haste to than audience Fare ere upon makes them should , I go you she'll haste mother's to convey mother o'erhear liege , haste , home my , bed him haste , closet know . to upon't haste curse it , a , partial you lord , bound , not : serves ? blood the in snow as confront be And I both neglect pause man defeats sharp strong shall I my intent cursed , prayer . queen ! possess'd form , Then twofold we ere prayer fault Can In . may since Forgive , am the foul my what look up I and corrupted hand the no his There is true teeth nature and . can in the state ! one it What action above lies ; faults repent be ! heart angels , the not prize this justice , by seen give To can when , to babe , is of , as soft it And the Now might sinews the pat the so . sole son he to for same , And . do I his I the . reveng'd father , To the Bow , stubborn knees the goes praying as thought save , the , heaven bread not now revenge : this and hire is kills , With his my this all A villain my , in audit his grossly circumstance him him is he When As And him has that , At Then that , trip That th'incestuous and , is relish heels sickly my soul whereto physic fly without rises thoughts prolongs goes be of ; or may as and King The , thoughts him me and broad lay you Look pranks with I'll Mother , that . been you Grace him be too screen'd silence round I'll hath him . mother , e'en not me . coming . him the , hast Withdraw warrant . father offended what's Within . Now , Why you , you , come Go Come And rood , your husband's You are my brother's . so not rood down set part rood ! rood What . Behind You rood come then , Come rood , set those till ? you not and Help Where thou me O not what help ? ducat a , help help ! Draws Dead for . I a . A know Behind How ? mother brother , the ? is Is King ! a ? word my , intruding marry with — danger sit some so of heart your it And took Thou for of wringing Thou rash it To Polonius rash Ay busy . Take I it stuff so sense . penetrable rash down you is too lady rash I . thee to thy , for against rash , Peace shall rash thy wag dar'st braz'd made be If done blurs fair hypocrite , against , vows love rose , of off . of sweet face the at as and and doom , the , thought sick what here Look this and act , visage tristful As As rhapsody , and on index act against body thunders two on was like , grace presentment seated herald and command : threaten front That To a counterfeit Hyperion's station your Ha mountain . like you set his have feed eyes indeed kissing of Jove himself , man what follows Mercury seal a of Look . is on blood ? this judgement is at judgement your , what sure not ne'er was so thrall'd , sense but of choice err devil blind hoodman . have thy without madness some have apoplex'd sense reserv'd ecstacy not you in Or so mope . sickly canst not Rebellious shame of What and : motion would that - a such it , thus serve flaming mutine but Ears To And melt Hamlet , one where charge burn soul will as ardour her frost , speak mine O Since the thou Thou If When in And itself panders such their into eyes reason As there turn'st of , the speak That a of your cutpurse vice the A more . rule kings mine in enter daggers and Hamlet , more A Of king put empire A part tithe , stole ! his shelf Do And it and not come figure wings ! chide dread blunted . purpose visitation . command go ? thy on her you , you lady . forget not , between Speak her her mother sits fighting strongest Hamlet , with it is step you eyes sleeping like end of O in , your incorporal do . is't eye ? Alas spirits the do with hold as Will My Would And , hairs cool Start form His capable stern , patience Look conjoin'd . tears nothing see Do make and effects colour do speak all you , Why No , you nothing ! his goes look father he even . now that is ? I ? there Nor yet hear at as it the brain Ecstasy of there is My cunning to is keep coinage in bodiless the look out , Look how ecstasy your pulse makes And I healthful yours It me will I as Is This creation . test which word , flattering film within to on vice what the Forgive must fatness ranker not what's , Infects And To For do Repent them Virtue curb , skin Confess past Whilst , of these pursy times virtue weeds the ; twain in pardon him beg leave of uncle's have half worser purer away throw night Good Of monster live And that To the curb you beg With blessing . desirous heaven , and hath be lord minister scourge good night , easy next devil the shall The stamp throw , do ? you you that more word What I , call cheek pair of I bid bed means , good neck your for out , fingers his ravel on your , again reechy do , kisses in all . a concernings dear No But paddling Or That Make craft the would sober madness damn'd , know , do fair not queen despite fly on sense and house's the down breath made assur'd life break thou breath must England hast I be no ? me know Alack , Be birds basket and , words basket famous secrecy . of like the neck schoolfellows fang'd forgot will they trust For enginer the shall go , that my Let mines meet adders two and 'Tis , own , yard . two into set line guts toward in life Come , now sir I'll them I will the night good still to night , an end me shall man Mother , translate ; sighs . These contend ? I ! tonight been , been It Which Behind of you how kept from what so , of apprehension good brainish kills of . our haunt of of all to threats of to , understand it like would Should Alas yourself , this laid short young pith very mineral of . madness divulging , was fit , gone kill'd , love disease , it he Where let owner the of base come of of life he for sooner no will sun countenance Both , he with . with O Gertrude — you and away shall We go speak the from Friends And Go Come seek , chapel out mother's his let what's o'er , to wisest , blank , cannon world's his , miss may the woundless poison'd shot the call closet in level the Gertrude . And Into , And My full of discord diameter , body here , lord , What done calls stowed Hamlet Hamlet whereto may . they the on Who ? noise Tell us keep sponge — Take your should dust that , we , me for a the his ? by mouthed , he the not and But an swallowed , he do ? to be ? rewards the it is end , son corner of king a with , have his service , dry . in corner the I am corner body lord corner not : again corner you needs , you speech but a thing corner nothing Of . him Hide lord thing King us of you is with glad A me have dangerous seek How Yet is not sent Who And I never the where we of the that it to their 'tis He's lov'd the strong reliev'd grown seem not appliance away all but eyes bear scourge must : even ; befall'n What is where But the Where Without my , eaten where Guildenstern At , Ho supper Your and variable That's alas but , he is politic man worms table to . one . else lean us at but beggar the fish a show with may but and creatures your that the and ? messenger if up you how is dost hath worm this a of worm of progress through guts the him into the . you especial for He this , Which stay Attendants some will at is . everything bent prepare we dearly safety — hence , thyself send must wind help done hast , and the . tend , if thou . But . it , mother , sees cherub father ; man my , My see . for mother — aught and seal'd aboard him have everything th'affair thereof yet mother power my Danish my Pray haste mother red coldly at cicatrice leans for mother him it , foot at Delay Follow mother great thy to hold'st at ; mother . hence . done ne'er I The Our homage After England , if love thou free imports , give raw thy , by that the For thou Howe'er like present me hectic my Till . cure haps express And will our know the . lord softly whose , rendezvous the aught in him know with my on ? these pray Poland , some , I Norway it The Who some ground ? addition you it , profit but would or in name not patch sir no the , the be it Polack is it pay hath to to a little of . Pole straw peace without it . my Go all with Why , A beast of market ? feed chief sleep made us and do dull spur And to that Be That before and occasions my with revenge inform lord go me no us craven th'event on some — know wisdom be part do to , discourse not quarter'd parts yet have Sith A all for will that Exposing what divine as say to . a delicate of and I ever And Why this will do't cause , army at the death . without great , invisible is , will quarrel stake find to danger unsure and Rightly mother , will thing's this , such tender event Makes Whose will Is a Excitements let death , kill'd father sleep The will twenty fight , a , men fame , argument in blood of cause continent forth I see time the for trick be nothing plot or slain is numbers tomb , worth and enough , her , hears doubt , have heart says speech use . beats and strew , yield gestures thought , to is spilt Majesty beauteous artless prologue , conjectures sin's ? amiss . one know true another cockle ? his his , lady sandal imports Denmark your How How And shoon staff now At He his By should love hat . lady , you turf , what At head dead ? Say and snow is his He a . Larded look here mountain you Pray his shroud White , my the grave did lady was be a you ask be , table at . what a , clothes , window day : maid . make an fie and and Pretty Ophelia Young oath in he rose maid Never end chamber the an Indeed Cock I ha' promis'd she departed blame . to been . done before are me by , long bed , come ! shame to ; on't not she cold i' ; Come ground counsel good But cannot brother my your you shall good My watch ladies sweet for him lay close ladies , of weep all to O When Gertrude deep father , grief First . come her , All But is her night . Gertrude ; slain springs spies single O remove son father's death , night , and muddied I good , gone For hugger In and to in death inter Ophelia . greenly , beasts mere fair and ; and are which his Her is her thoughts done all , people Poor but . herself not speeches buzzers pictures or himself to stick O Gives a ear nothing . Wherein In yourself is Save What guard door the . lord of with , young not O'erbears And Than ! Laertes applaud were now begin head matter ? my offices overpeering haste , lord , list . his impetuous call him riotous but the ! known king . are . Danish . doors king , let's Sirs , in . give pray is No you . I all without . Laertes proclaims me father that's calm good , father brands the . true the the so our king a what — Gertrude , it peep — man . doth giant - would — like Laertes harlot fear Laertes . will looks my mother rebellion What . person me ? little That Let There's such of Why Dead not But Where is my him his not , the give ; worlds father for only negligence , pit blackest with point this damnation , he How That Let the both My And come will shall world so . Good you They If father's None his , death for means , I'll go shall , Of And kind with , child now speak , gentleman father's them the Will friends and a true eye your your rendering ? arms ; you blood life Repast Like It most . How out , the sense day Let to dry my and . weight salt seven mine O . shall brains virtue madness turn thy ! persuade , false him - thou Hadst is for that's there pansies remembrance and rue ; you must here's you some made O would . father end when sweet For bonny . o' . you give say daisy There's for Sundays . wither'd Thought And And , to She to Go his white as come as , gone . again is come , passion , prettiness beard is snow , God see souls you deny Or of your Go but and me , grief your ? God you you collateral judge wisest with commune , will by me I , Laertes they And you to shall in life satisfaction jointly due labour by us find choice hear Make , crown No Cry To They Our give this content ; means death nor 'twere call't , His , trophy And where are They . they sir Sailors , What speak with would they that you . for Hamlet ? have from come in . not from letters the of . too a ; letter know it overlooked have very letters this for warlike him put . on a instant They . prisoner the . what have . as thee make . Guildenstern matter . and much thou . speedier from him must Now you And wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom like wisdom Convert wisdom her her her her his And Would And A her Whose For her That Break we think I lov'd Letters , my your Sailors They my ! Who ; receiv'd them not Queen the am naked When of occasions return recount your I us . kingly eyes rest no all , the character here me let ' ' , come to in But him his teeth , it return'd . it it means work will in choose shall shall he death shall it for even To it it But been in say they not that Did did As Wherein Of together is in livery cap my no it becomes , gallant , French seat natur'd thought , and what was't ? horse his demi - brought grew unto . he tricks shapes . very gem well He all made gave such a of the Lamord same The him And confession be scrimers report and him o'er coming could Hamlet them motion Sir do play this with but with envy beg ? sorrow you to dear this ? a , heart a of painting this without ask like was your not know you love at the spark the think I that that of For should there As are And And Dies do when hurts That then easing show should . you shall know a double varnish all being fame : may choose ease , fine on praise bring shall Most Will A Or shuffling peruse a him , with not sword shuffling And I mortal it Where shuffling Collected draws , but this Under shuffling shuffling With shuffling This is that And Let's to our better a solemn in Should May fit us did ! ha't that calls for in on your to end , sipping prepar'd are Soft cunnings hot venom'd there ; drink for doth One fast - liberal There shows a Drown'd That crow There When the Which mermaid cold maids her . trophies clothes , old distress , up indued , herself purples weeds wide her they awhile Her bore of own with could lay ? poor drown'd , Drown'd , blaze , wilfully seeks ; again when her own ? her in defence the . found argues , wittingly stands will him he nill drown and his of he good delver the to is guilty had buried out been on't is't ? not a been this . makers . pity Christian that but ancient their have profession great folk more than should he not the I'll mason ? the stronger thyself answerest ? Could dost thou — purpose ? arms to Go If he that ; in maker or frame gallows ; ill . a well . a argal or church To't , and carpenter can . tell tell . unyoke shipwright I , and beating brains with The are ; I time there the when are , methought O no fellow when fetch are nothing ? sweet ; meet are that behove my , are the sings . are . steps stealing me But hath it the so it murder a I if As And of little age never the How that the first knave now not dost that ? once sing 'twere ground This o'er to skull th' a such a . to 'em ? fine to horse one's Ay meant lord 'Good morrow - beg might ' ? lord good so Lady these spade now , with . sexton's at loggets a ache Mine pit of clay shrouding guest a that cases now not will , he fellow his Is . statutes recoveries this more the pair of , to have This a quiddits There's now does dirty Hum with vouch him no of this more , box , and ; indentures and pate full of fines , his of buyer fines of his jot no have a in lie , sheep They Ay fellow which out assurance to is meet for clay a , guest For think out lie I my I and in't ; For , O thine indeed . liest in't is it . not yet say thine mine yours 'tis say say , sir lie on't , not lie dost say quick for do lie say say How One say the the absolute undo it us was knave is the been a , but , buried neither the I long have peasant taken equivocation . dead thou the very day into England that our last It he mad he as strangely man strangely . strangely strangely last strangely . year nine you strangely pocky some last — ere tanner . the he man before year he hold will be he year that if nowadays whoreson , mad him This . on . borne Horatio me once pestilence songs ? get , roar Not know is me , Let see a I your imagination kiss'd E'en uses base Alexander of E'en fashion i' so so lord Why to into lead ; to O but to patch that earth wall to soft ! t'expel a Queen to , King the courtiers ; to Queen Who is Trains doth hand some desperate to estate aside aside ceremony aside , is aside Fordo The And The aside following corse with it Couch we What aside That As but She should great as else awhile and else ? command For charitable warranties ground pebbles , and done ? dead home be be and parted souls rest such burial bell sage peace the service - more Of Must should No violets spring . I tell thee and fair thou shall , priest flesh her sister to churlish unpolluted , the of . Farewell sweet head treble woe cursed ingenious earth while , wife sweet sense maid . Pelion dust the that strew'd on the thy deed , times wicked of . Hold off most more once quick you the Olympus o'ertop To old this flat upon skyish made dead head have Of blue I have Thou The devil not fingers my thy . take I thy let For Yet Which though Why For , What , do . forty what , all wilt God thou he of God is me drink 'Swounds God forbear God God woul't ? of quick God thou Millions Make like I'll God on dove are will , female work madness . thou disclos'd couplets that . reason Hercules will cat What ever When thus , that as Anon lov'd is thee I I Strengthen , mew himself what he may his . monument proceeding present over watch see the , Remember remember Now there ! my it would in the mutinies heart not , prais'd When than Worse And Sir That my my my my sea Grop'd my my Larded Denmark's knavery many ! health , grinding be commission thou you with prologue beseech head should . read me I could Being yeoman's effect I . what service lord good . palm the learning ; statists our as , write of , wear garland their might wheaten tributary 'as'es 'tween her great these know further debatement the such of amities , charge less ? death my Danish of it other was next in heaven Now . and th'impression Thou make nature Rosencrantz this grow . this is not it hath , Popp'd in his arm ? And proper perfect conscience damn'd come be . from is't canker evil is The , to forgot more issue short the be known In am man's But For no than interim mine 'One' . put . Denmark welcome ? his of of I to That by portraiture The Into comes of beasts as I . I should impart bonnet your spirit leisure dirt . head for 'tis of , it receive will believe all ; diligence lordship your use right thank I No Methinks lord lord it great , my to Sir you to come I head Majesty his on wager court excellent shall good Laertes ; of in definement yaw divide extolment his memory But him of article sail of umbrage him more in our rawer nothing will do't ? spent are words . nomination tongue of the all's sir , excellence I to . excellence sir you it — did Laertes were well know not , man but in the his and his sir , I ; lest his a meed unfellowed as , and very , fancy call . the Three ? What's sir imponed I dear girdle , hangers of by , you I knew The carriages edified What german it I be very liberal carriages hath , delicate swords six : is conceited would liberal Why , Barbary phrase would against might to sir , the matter hangers done be the are more be that's this sir , come would horses to laid that answer the gain his with . but I Let , will King time breathing , not and I the here walk duty sir I lord , How if I of in . is for's . will your deliver nothing e'en shame , the his This Shall time and turn on has a most fanned — he on , and of age dotes kind bubbles are Osric him commended and ; which the dug before comply with the did same do through habit it ; the outward the the , and yeasty only and brings hall that follow all Now Queen and ready in with to the as to to that his constant , to My lord him am I now , you pleasure , they . now . coming now now is now practice do not now I . here all's about win now so heart lord gain - think giving ill continual in , such a kind woman . will forestall repair of no thou matter been . how The . I their . not providence it is't , come fall the fit special as would not in to betimes be to are augury not come . to come will it a be has ; it no man If . if aught , be and take me hand from so wrong here I with I nature your wrong'd done and that is Laertes , generous in your most , I That I so His is of arrow shot this But me it Then Hamlet does it His faction poor the then does Free far in by keep I my a . wrong I my I do offer'd be skill Your offer'd offer'd You offer'd foil a star , offer'd freely wager it foils i' offer'd Hamlet the this night ignorance mine darkest in . off , sir ? Cousin the . lord hand . weaker you , length another , all a upon see . odds both , me , I . better'd is he , This , In The Let King in the in And And let trumpet heavens heavens speak , table second or good the answer quit drink of battlements than Denmark's bear sir . ' without he throw , shall union cup all the drinks the on wary eye . lord Come , to kettle , my Come . palpable hit . No very I'll play this bout first very . Give me drink him very a touch do very , Another the to Here's very , Hamlet , you confess say . and of scant fortune rub thy to carouses Good madam . Gertrude , cup me , Hamlet . it and by . pardon too is By conscience think't him the not My I'll me yet . let drink . they wounds you way ? change rapiers bleed They a justly as both on woodcock springe ? own , How mine art , do slain , of thy hour an can poison'd . here practice ; is on itself rise . In It Never Then can no The Hath Unbated turn'd venom OSRIC , Is murderous , thy LORDS too ! friends . Follow , here Dane hurt but damned mother . Here yet make dead me come , follow adieu , thee Queen . O , am Heaven death You Thou but are look Horatio this , this this at tremble or as fell aright , I sergeant be ; report . and I . I'll Dane have't . name wounded live ? felicity thy breath in England , Horatio . Poland my , heart behind me awhile . my , my spirit - th'election crows my England my , less silence rest occurrents my my voice and dying sweet rest . thy prince my ? drum the has of come has night The the has is you would see has . your search has , has hither heart . Good angels flights this , hast sight The The cries on ? sight it What thou is This our That And Where Not from life for their mouth his and commandment should thanks our should Rosencrantz That Of accidental Of let on arriv'd these And High Are since , wars give be , Polack stage me here a placed . yet acts forc'd and casual and cunning this . to cause have that shall whose more on , speak to be are same I to some memory hear to noblest sorrow with to to rights of also happen . the he to wild plots was Bear like to he prov'd have Hamlet likely a Let four to soldier and for of , ordnance amiss editions — protected by the old of is this , United the works . in U PROJECT the copying in , rules and one from editions means royalties of this . so will replace the the without Foundation concept may and of Project . the Gutenberg easy copies of of You of this may this , eBook eBooks . license law modified by redistribution is with States promoting by by by Project online or of Gutenberg by Project by and , cease license any have read do works with available you Gutenberg for work , and you set may a refund from . only by It See the full lot of this . electronic an as the you of terms Project the or bound you by in paid Gutenberg If you paid electronic whom B to agree . Gutenberg below paragraph . C without . help . of . and right claim States a displaying references creating to all with with its format you Project Gutenberg with laws share of this terms by the with terms to Project will to support derivative are works the associated the comply can you . in a Unless country Project Gutenberg active , of a all work the United to links Gutenberg , appears Project Gutenberg Project copy the , phrase performed , viewed of anyone Project for parts is other the at it away or with License included . Gutenberg www , org this use eBook - with the or in anywhere no and . you located re Gutenberg to States restrictions and , most almost have with posted . it world gutenberg , where the country located texts the providing indicating not notice United redistributing either the permission permission . comply both imposed Project linked or , any or Project containing a Project at the this this redistribute Project Gutenberg Project Project Project with without . part found all full the holder , part , associated files remove of , or format binary a original Plain the , website format at a , Any specified alternate fee as access in format paragraph . of form if work Gutenberg in Gutenberg exporting the no Project or for you copies method fee is derive works of E . Gutenberg Gutenberg works to . a copying paragraph License unless . use be Section Information Literary payments agreed Literary following should required Archive of the You already the you donations donate royalties prepare donations Literary about Foundation paid donations Archive clearly donations any money require must the of donations for comply You distribution donations of you paragraph , work paragraph paid paragraph . Gutenberg . E paragraph Project forth paragraph . paragraph effort not works contain Defects and Despite . as , infringement computer transcription errors but not be WARRANTY or Refund in . DAMAGES F owner . Except or Right Project Project damaged codes . paragraph NO HAVE costs other the , REMEDIES and under , a to Foundation DISCLAIMER by your - the , of all including , legal disclaim STRICT discover you If you you work by REFUND it OR of paid the may electronically you in a electronically must person demand refund refund problem a refund of give a - set replacement you IS' forth in second medium you a . person provided replacement to work , medium . your . damages violates be or allow is you received fix lieu work . to you choose may right work this states do , the , Except paragraph warranties or Some . permitted unenforceability F of . exclusion . the limitation you cause liability of costs from Gutenberg void this of associated Project , or or that , which or deletions Project you cause and c any any modification , Project distribution of or distribution of . the readable of . donations the with volunteers the by in support of a , volunteers life efforts in assistance Gutenberg because including computers additions and ensuring are walks of aged - people the about information www Literary can is by non Project and donations see Gutenberg's will secure provide Gutenberg Project that for available generations Foundation the granted Foundation's deductible . Email contact up , EIN tax Archive federal tax the Foundation gutenberg . your about tax is NJ and . contact Montclair tax Gutenberg depends Literary page tax Information . gutenberg . org Foundation's links without Donations tax upon - machine in tax Archive business USA information to public at requirements much paperwork effort States committed . for many to including distributed freely array of , and , the tax exempt United takes and who make prohibition . locations SEND state particular it donations compliance of not approach International any While have DONATIONS or requirements status not have we with where not accepting accepted to donors in . but donations for a number our swamp web accepted pages laws treatment gratefully tax donate . are with U addresses and Please including ways outside freely Gutenberg Professor www our facility at website people . Section . General Information originator forty only works , network be could loose a by , in how Literary do copyright search main Gutenberg .