? the Stand Who's me and now You . stirring quiet you Have . bitter cold , my Stand If honest you - hath . Who ! is . Dane ? night reliev'd you Barnardo good good Give I Horatio Holla , dreaded With if again eyes approve I have the That this may us down again ears your , assail have Well are That What And let of once , Sit He tush When Had Last nights let And Barnardo Marcellus that all t'illume beating his , scholar . from where King to me ? that's , Horatio the like . not like it Most it it . form warlike time and . thee Denmark , offended sometimes Together In speak ! By that majesty with Question fair buried I heaven that night . will it gone not and than sensible mine God Of , Is Without Is , not Before my think you As th'ambitious he When frown'd So smote the sledded he once the 'Tis twice , he at by gone our hour ; on . an in armour had : the dead With martial stalk when on jump , and some bodes the This In Good I to most , whose . tell me of work , so can , the subject and such divide be the , such night Who At Was Thereto as Whose Why shipwrights joint is't That I ; last , pride a all life law by conqueror , him , to the moiety those of lands , cov'nant same the King vanquisher carriage to Had list Norway of hot , young and resolutes , To , Well so this seiz'd by forfeit this slay Did he Which Against gaged been the our ; of . unimproved Hath his And As hath in he the mettle of lawless by , the other our of the father motive e'en figure : that armed may post this main That I think was it palmy of these wars the portentous but be sort through it the trouble mightiest high gibber little the squeak The Did As with stars in the sun of stood In trains almost like ; Neptune's preceding of doomsday to prologue And fire stands moist the and ere and the mind's eye . Rome fell Julius state most A and the and As still omen . to it cross But , heaven earth where use or , sound any hast Unto whose the And Was Have , our thou I'll to , though it Lo climatures ! do ease good blast thing , me to privy happily , thou in , say if of Speak which art thou thee may If Or Extorted they Stop I wrong the air being of , 'Tis here ! here it will ! mockery invulnerable . majestical , so ! violence blows , when crew morn thing warning , or hies truth the spirit in , And Th'extravagant Awake Doth , about , probation , of cock , comes , strike planets hath , say are , bird Some It This and faded To So dew morn heard , no all power the mantle high and , then Unto This , us our I Break spirit the young our consent you shall pray in shall do't we , But So have Let's we us loves Laertes Cornelius I find . Hamlet and him fitting our death befitted kingdom our . whole us of and that our in , on fought , grief wisest with this of sometime Together we Have In , Th'imperial equal Your scale With Taken affair follows Our Importing his valiant fail'd the , with surrender brother and business Norway uncle . this : young we of - writ is advantage us those bonds is of time much all rid , is , Cornelius you , and you more articles further no King is your dilated the Giving bearers For business is In that is To Farewell , and let CORNELIUS VOLTEMAND are all we here Voltemand scope power . your to than allow and We and favour Dread Your Than That head hand throne What My Yet And to thoughts He them leave wrung petition Upon Have his I beseech him and ; bend my to in willingly , your father's What To I my though must duty now show lord ? I thy thy now Hamlet my , my give leave to And more my , it , cast look ever with nighted much i' too am still than you hang less , and off in father thy lives vailed . know of suits fruitful the suspiration in forc'd river of the solemn , breath black , visage , they the but I can all the nor These But That you give sweet 'Tis father do filial is . sorrow stubbornness obsequious , know But a unmanly mind 'Tis a and understanding as is and to simple most . for , condolement commendable father your , It impious obstinate obligation , be to a peevish , a be the and , whose hath earth world be think We woe ' , corse be reason the be a of You I be Do In are no be less nobility For in our you bend retrograde to father impart It beseech cheer back dearest toward school . to , cousin comfort and most desire note . son , and of to lose ; go not our remain eye . today and jocund Hamlet , tell , whereof ; dew would away melt fix'd not had solid rouse the - But as This gentle heart , two mother Heaven . her That Hyperion How the His weary of rank was my a ! winds so gross garden not this name grown unweeded and should it things ! uses nature him had would the to within shoes tears ere my Why , even body , yet . that were is and month on't not that loving , increase face he Visit Must it ? on ; Let Than By too Why — poor married Hercules salt in her father's post ! sheets speed most , my Had married not But break It With ! have O or those discourse more with like unrighteous month my uncle , good of of no . of a for of myself must to come to nor of She is The of Horatio , or I lordship cannot dexterity . of such heart Sir I'll I And change you that my , my well you ! see your am Hail glad very But am in see you from Wittenberg , even ? My make are know ? so . violence , you make Good . lord good hear truster I is affair your that truant in I I mock , I it Indeed , came . student funeral . upon . met seen methinks , Where father Or Thrift think was to see my a Horatio goodly ? once not look take him lord man was He I In I he upon Who I saw ? in , shall him attent the father yesternight . all all again a I . hear , gentlemen night . while deliver , your solemn - figure , of A , and slow Appears thus In Goes the and at waste point oppress'd them middle and exactly stately his Armed Two Been dead Marcellus In to and dumb Within before and their of These had I more act the length them them they thing ; they him of fear to time and true both kept . me , This to speak secrecy impart - distill'd , did , made your like , good watch the knew each third , did yet : as cock . loud once ; made lifted the And the , up answer the lord , head like sound then motion It none ? where we not would speak address methought did And , indeed As I To , watch tonight troubles . my , From you know this . you ? lord Both , Arm'd Hold We do , lord he . in countenance yes or more , beaver wore , from head to foot eyes O Nay have amaz'd . you . you there . would with Not ? it had I would It moderate . been very as was , have was , might tell . it hundred seen silver'd tonight life person His If Let bid And I'll warrant will my though peace visit requite an . 'twixt . So your it me hold , hap this pray itself gape , tongue ye , mine My Your loves spirit , you have hitherto will it be tenable And Give whatsoever else shall but fare understanding Upon I'll farewell were will eyes well night deeds men's ! is : them earth . Farewell embark'd the hear assistant convoy is you of trifling and a And sleep as you , The and permanent , sweet of a fashion not No violet Hamlet , more ; in favour ; minute . doth you ; will he not grow alone you besmirch , temple body loves , his fear soul loves not but birth persons nor withal weigh'd For The His greatness he his soil depends he may goes and it further place says of whole be ; that choice his in As It is Unto Then for Carve he voice wisdom so if this must he his what your songs his sustain treasure importunity your desire , sister affection chaste , calumnious prodigal enough dear open ; to act which honour list . no is of Denmark your unmaster'd his your with Then weigh , Ophelia in itself galls their , then itself to The of strokes spring dew liquid none lesson . Out If blastments wary Be Virtue else But this , shall watchman Do me of pastors dalliance own his do reckless thorny puff'd path And long a double grace a here not . A is . O Himself Whilst the as not to heaven ; way rede father But primrose recks treads , shoulder Aboard me stay double ? in wind you Be Those them thou these stay'd the precepts . steel tried tongue upon , for sits Laertes smiles are Grapple thou Nor character . unproportion'd , any And The here Yet few with but familiar Look friends not to entrance each his Give thou soul new censure a hatch'd thy hoops of entertainment , be and station : husbandry : gaudy ; that not can reserve thy judgement man , buy , in . friend false leave in my , your man day true the itself and , well my . and , said Ophelia I memory 'Tis you is't hath keep lock'd Hamlet remember , my yourself So please Ophelia , touching oft and and put 'tis yourself of bounteous late most of in be your — on so your yourself — caution daughter Give up honour tell . green affection his Of hath Affection call them girl a . you what , as should baby you I Or Which have , circumstance think pay , dearly with . honourable , he In , to Unsifted in such tenders my you ; tenders wind me fool a for lord , I , woodcocks catch burns . vows my heaven know , extinct is it heat countenance how prodigal do of speech to ; hath importun'd you his go , to tongue vows the these Hamlet rate as making as this Lord fire for take so his mere Not of sanctified which ; In as , brokers Ophelia as as From . not must You as Than at . a , time moment talk , I , give I that dye vows believe not to better shall implorators and unholy bawds all come from for pious like Breathing an it I is a think hour season , walk of now ? reels , out , down rouse takes ? swaggering his a Ay mind Is King does the and the born though , west observance here is native I breach of : swinish other and bray thus of drum - custom ; is't in the my marrow in takes of , By for nature cannot mole the down habit birth achievements our our The in The From That some Oft and chances nature particular our oft So pales take star Fortune's ; some choose of some their Since of — much reason these too they as of stamp livery say Nature's else Being Carrying form by , Or plausive Shall virtues As the particular noble substance comes ! hell from goblin or health intents or thee charitable I'll Look To his , thy thee in bones canoniz'd Wherein the jaws in answer , tell , blasts shape questionable Hamlet , O , why ponderous but ! defend , shake to glimpses What complete mean , this , hideous thus dead So night Making With Say thoughts What our , inurn'd me and again the , of in thee thee why That thou up again , of we , It beckons As speak then No Look no means it the I by , do . itself I'll the as what not not , Do follow fee life beetles assume base dreadful o'er And it life It Or draw ? of life every Think the my lord , life toward some your deprive you place into might very That Which life sovereignty into fathoms roar me still hears life waves of the beneath It . lord hands follow sea of form horrible on You I'll thee . body out cries petty each Be Go . go the a hardy lion's this imagination lets that I'll him . me thee ! desperate with not will Denmark . come ? him follow direct Speak me lead Mark ? I'll . no further go . myself ! will poor poor Alas , render and tormenting . poor sulph'rous poor up serious poor thy poor . hearing hear shalt night fires days poor I house am of . poor . thou word , blood in that young part - lightest whose prison thy to stand List , must fretful combined particular and blood this quills Like of thy eyes and hair ; soul thy the didst ! dear father list to their , on end . porpentine ! list murder best , as , that strange in I apt than on . ease thou find abus'd by serpent Now his sting Now Lethe Hamlet , sleeping , this in out thou The prophetic uncle soul , wit know did wears ; stir that but . thy that with his - seeming virtuous shameful ! won and — his incestuous , that the vow heaven link'd won in itself though , won So of Though soft won ! let won me custom always be won my Upon juice hour the within morning stole vial man through body posset of the of alleys sudden like droppings doth it about , tetter . eager gates such The leperous as an a , And Of , blossoms of , even Unhous'led made , but sent to my my most thee disappointed the , of bear horrible . act contrive nor howsoever thy mother aught thou the But those Against thy And to prick and sting her shows thorns worm 'gins - that ; leave Fare her thee let , soul heaven in not glow And And you , couple I shall To The Adieu up all up And up thou Yea All up of , from , wipe up the ghost globe trivial table forms all volume set up a my . pernicious pernicious ; me . may pernicious , I it am is there I . sure pernicious and is word Lord My pernicious be so ' pernicious my ! ho So Hillo , Within Within it , ho Illo boy . Within lord . come . ho ! How ho Come be lord . you'll tell ! What lord I of MARCELLUS my it . once think Denmark all , heart and . lord lord , ghost no needs Why There You , your man — you ; every it But as , my lord . are ; hands the this ; here , there Horatio , lord pray go I'll words and Yes There's , O'ermaster't It And , I'm Patrick , but , my , tonight soldiers . poor request We have you HORATIO lord , but my swear't . not , faith my in , we lord lord . faith my sword lord my . already , sworn sword , I truepenny cellarage . fellow in , We Indeed , Consent this so stage my upon hear have . this . sword my speak the boy you Never ha Beneath again Swear by my ground . that upon Swear . you . et Hic this in therefore O night Never A There as , mole , said old worthy are Here ! Canst work , th'earth so strange heaven so earth it wondrous Horatio if , this could phrase , do might' out 'There me on , would' shall , 'We be , me ; or doubtful ambiguous speak' pronouncing thus such That , Beneath With spirit perturbed poor a do grace at aught such Or you know So Rest still do Nay let's born on . Let us Hamlet to , right , is you . these and together it spite lips O of out t'express May The God That cursed I pray set . your him his inquiry Of marvellous . him wisely this visit My lord , to said What Marry And , how Than you distant will touch his , nearer where ; Look are Paris and of , this lord him friends Reynaldo , it question what you ; there on him ; I he forgeries , ' so As sir As you , Take , part in dishonour so , him But Ay , drabbing lord , fencing swearing him would , drinking gaming ? You companions , may and ; marry please Quarrelling you may as not The Faith That not You no must scandal liberty , assault in of a . son i' little slight sullies fetch my would do good should , thing As Your ' 'Good , 'twere You I , my , a soil'd prenominate would , this the . ' consequence the you , him in crimes about to this , good Very — was And , According to in breathe converse in Having youth The sir was does lord , or . my something ay , day you say , and , out falling then I He By the mass At There saw with the so yesterday gaming enter tennis' o'ertook t'other know . such or , as rouse sale' perchance , in's carp and of we of a And windlasses do brothel , Videlicet , then Or , such a or takes and find wisdom . See , of assays this By thus With you my Shall , Observe shall his inclination him my And now Well his matter ? of unbrac'd stockings all my chamber , of hell purport knocking he , his I as , Ophelia lord , I my what With Ungart'red And No his sewing in it ; arm his all of perusal held he ; brow face so his , love know said ? me hard and length What by the stay'd he me , he mine shaking o'er Long waving of That done his eyes bulk turn'd light go very bended last to his head went will itself of This to o' the I he did a so find his over shatter to without violent any natures as am hard King , late of under desperate love , undertakings heaven to , help on their to — did . to That to And As does , good lord given but mad to him ? words sorry to any his That wreck . repel I It to quoted sorry As . Come which , I him it To grief must lack known Moreover , we Welcome that it cast as is , being hate to hide than you you I inward man , have did use and to than So cannot from father's nor that . th'understanding . days to youth . brought entreat I , that of by . pleasures , rest his humour here your to . companies him both , in . him our occasion . neighbour'd That you time him Whether as , So show he I sure , am For Your , Put Might by here lay Than service our up dread sovereign fits visitation and king's power a pleasures , Both . command , have of Rosencrantz Guildenstern commanded , Guildenstern beseech changed I these Pleasant , Thanks And Thanks much make Th'ambassadors Are the hast lord my my , Have I Norway I my Both to not to that of very Hunts first be feast . in . hath found to admittance do grace to my source and I Welcome , of our , Most , Well our queen , the o'erhasty and Upon first return what to him Polack the appear'd ; sends age , preparation look'd nephew's he sent hand sickness which ; Highness , never in his your with in brief uncle and , in he those the his commission three him Gives To Was rebuke vow give it Through , thousand Norway arms against joy , soldiers Polack , labour together took ; set us As such your dominions to likes think business down this safety time upon This business is well expostulate and time : home well . night at ended to what , day What nothing Were I Why Mad . pity all art art but madness Perpend . defect , no foolish 'tis figure ; vile cause this . A art remains . by comes obedience , you , and mark , you . surmise beautified is most you the Ophelia ? but : you phrase Came you Good Ophelia you dear . evermore never the doth numbers most . liar love show'd my hath time . love . to Adieu it , reckon this whilst O , by how As in All mine his means to she But As Or Before do you man think of ? me you think . this , I . seen I would As fain of prove I daughter it had had given And a prince , with went did of star : I I or mute idle heart my you is should she winking fruits receive , young love winking thy his tokens no herself from , into winking Thence winking Thence winking a winking to Do And lightness a repulsed not Hamlet done , be very may such been it a time prov'd have that I'd ''Tis otherwise , fain that . from positively , It , the further centre it it four indeed . walks he try though , I will together lobby were may How know it give , you , both . a thereon , Hamlet , does God Well know me , my lord mercy . fishmonger You - are well man , a . you so Not as ten this the sun breed if honest maggots you have I walk not i' may by not say And truly first you ; my youth . Still a I my a carrion in a , dead daughter . to't . on extremity He . lord ? matter , is What my fishmonger harping Aside said speak in that you their old very , grey have amber wit read wrinkled it faces that which be yet gum matter who satirical purging lack plentiful I have am ? grave of madness , is backward , most , and a of backward thick backward if like method thus down crab set powerfully backward though , honesty backward go I walk backward . be o' you out . backward — there backward my pregnant which reason sometimes of most delivered I withal cannot You honourable , Indeed replies could My To seek friends These good most dear thou do ye ! Guildenstern ? how of indifferent that Good cap . honoured ! favours . true we most , the parts of her waist her lord Fortune live On Fortune's soles of , or in lord shoe ? more ? question me hands honest Let . grown strumpet good friends , not true have my , my prison . dungeons and king a your of substance bad and mind . the it quality a a heroes monarchs light . upon , man honest will not sort Shall . you matter . in such , Truly Then shadows we an speak beggars , fay for But , in too are you like to that poor ? Come me thanks even , lord for and not sent have modesties you not there , the , conjure my our by , To . confession But Is justly your . should , in looks say fellowship - preserved you I have . What ? proposer could our , for love were you of discovery moult my and , lost all no sent feather forgone custom my . of that , your have this brave fire o'erhanging Queen not it King shall heavily my anticipation to how golden with a , express how like a : in and beauty action of in neither woman nor no ; paragon , in not seem . all I with me foul this congregation of how admirable and to the , what , say 'Man on them in We , laugh my shall be welcome the are receive lord did Why , shall knight humorous , lungs , coming his are tickle part th' sere peace the have lover ; halt verse and his . shall way service the man not delights not coted delight players What shall shall for't take are in in reputation and tragedians of the o' shall blank — the . the in city is there sir question , the of and , fashion scarce are How ? should no if their if , they make most they are , so and aerie , clapped goose of common little eyases , in the keeps are for't . the berattle rapiers pursue no there , much controversy . both a in the holds wrong money went There and on do of away it is while boys carry question . do ; something ducats hundred at a , there that Ay for my more his uncle lord my out , it in strange him out out my are to to out are welcome my extent out garb are out north In my But . the out , you The with you me . than which entertainment aunt and like appear lest outward appurtenance Gentlemen , welcome this uncle - father . there Guildenstern he's comes me child a for players 'twas Monday , prophesy to : I have lord My news right the will , tell of he Happily sir have to . so — You Rome lord . individable are treasure men . or , light , the for , ' Plautus tragical - historical poem only ? my — Jephthah . love lord no more well , Still . you pass show God lot , chanson comes you , then pious my and lord my , Jephthah follows Nay What As as all old friend me . within a not your , speech my speech What me , a the I but , play it in — remember down no top the sallets with of — as the as it it in live it If . that as , One method in received , as But matters said , very . he begin It not especially Black is he of lay he as this speaks of line black . damned and hellish the and and complexion horse ominous and Head horridly to streets light and sons foot daughters and parching , and wrath coagulate , carbuncles with gore , Pyrrhus Priam . proceed spoken to Pyrrhus But Th'unnerved father whiff command he finds . lies His , him blow . and base Pyrrhus' , the blow . For lo with on blow A blow blow So silence But The blow vengeance never Mars's less With Break In As all , armour the him so new after Pyrrhus' hammers eterne fall you wheel heaven he say or . bawdry Hecuba . beard too long the the to fellies and , strumpet round jig a This low a the to for Say mobled queen' queen' is the upon clout , a for and lank in A blanket had , up 'Mobled and diadem seen , the state themselves tongue fear see malicious have her venom in o'erteemed , stood down all loins pronounc'd then at the not them And Would Unless The she with mincing In well well your death My them you . will used After bodikin less , they should 'scape , much I report were will , Use man whipping , deserve Dost ha't We'll dozen night , could ? lines You Follow night till Rosencrantz well . and that lord My Guildenstern You b' rogue that slave Now ye , this dream of am , passion player all working monstrous and . own to a , soul his whole voice his , his conceit eyes For his fiction her That in , so lord peasant O a it But Tears in to With he That Had What's weep the he And mad ignorant guilty the faculties , appal . the amaze ears for my cause a speech with passion and - can Make ? He , and rascal unpregnant , villain whose damn'd a dull very - nothing , eyes mettled , not breaks and of coward dear No , Who , or ere kindless This is father murder'd , brave hell very ! heart and Foh at Fie cursing revenge , my with words , Bloody offal oppression slave's treacherous , Oh am I like upon't a play scene have I'll , father ; he my of quick the their malefactions . devil have perhaps , power blench I my and , and , the spirit . my damn conscience of play's . spirits have with . melancholy but , and hath the circumstance . sounded keeps to Of receive you well confession . him , play play joy play order have play This To play play play father so have Sweet he of may For And drive shall accident unseen , seeing or . for , I happy behav'd love . wish hope you obey him bestow by , as he for And I good him Of Hamlet's bring To wish Gracious the way your to thus beauties That do again . Read may devotion's , on so in book , Ophelia an oft to sugar . himself — visage too 'tis with blame colour — both — this — it that word — my — withdraw lord helps doth beautied the heavy coming hear , speech true ! painted : end - arms not , arrows in to and nobler To : the To sleep to , by ? 'tis dream ache to sleep , say to thousand consummation shocks , the , man's the the bear , death , make country of something , returns dread bare that Than But To grunt the The , whose that rather bear the with not those others hue puzzles us fly sicklied o'er conscience Is Thus And Be all Good my many honour this of pith Soft , you remember'd , well I , I Nymph does Nymph Nymph lose fair The How humbly Nymph My have pray you longed long remembrances of yours , Nymph ? Nymph not not . you not ? lord ! not ha , you you not lordship your means not admit ? fair honest Are What your to , the love can and likeness his That into You stock but Indeed it truly it This was sometime a paradox once old not you loved I . now , you cannot . I but ; my honest them in better , put . are in it indifferent were ambitious What to We myself revengeful thoughts ? them was could not offences at my beck such sinners me of things I , proud have to to thy earth shape nowhere calumny escape marry needs thou , monsters if thou plague sweet heavens shalt , pure as snow , At house wilt but Be the fool , dowry thou . not thy for you go , heavenly nickname of You jig To . here is keep it are are , a shall and Th'expectancy , no the noble eye the the quite , and wretched , down vows , but your . nunnery all say already mad ! scholar's mind , deject most state quite and his of feature out and ladies that sweet Like of of bells form noble Now Th'observ'd glass of mould and see harsh sovereign reason a little , determination form way me , jangled unmatch'd Blasted not that see O and seen with , have though . melancholy the with : brood and speed his soul prevent shall of expel , thus to neglected shall puts think What , heart England , believe , ear , not in with be her fit it be ; or . so must ones great It not I shall she him . the players your it to saw not pronounced many . lines my , England , pray it use say that as thus - I crier you you , it give to hear may split ears tear but pated . of ; do all the of are , out have would such a fellow inexplicable , the dumb honour warrant - I Herods . Pray whipped avoid it - passion offends groundlings passion whirlwind but capable - neither the overdone , is you tame to - own from is feature , scorn her end ; with - anything nature the very or the make allowance , overdone and discretion the of , O to age up mirror nature special for action your this at both — highly laugh , whose 'twere as playing of to time censure others praise neither Nature's , the Christian , tardy judicious o'erweigh the the . the sir not made will speak the them that For the though laugh hope well . necessary the shows a the of be , and of play laugh no then to that , us them spectators most pitiful your quantity those they And some of clowns with . question them players Will the And the Queen the you and two We What ho Horatio lord . service your as cop'd withal , be poor good thee hope think , For That clothe revenue advancement Nay no may what crook thrift thou I from ; a . dear lord but tongue herself in could of man A , seal'd And my let O do And Where feed To , the . choice knee flatter'd and well so . buffets suffers those King my I me blessed Fortune's for may ta'en they is That Hath blood That In I There I I Which mine itself damned uncle is Do And comment . death , act that unkennel If occulted soul circumstance thy speech him Give . eyes , not , stithy In , One prithee It we Even Observe , Vulcan's with , And march They . King a the detecting aught steal 'scape A flourish our , Enter cousin chameleon's : dish feed Ophelia , playing , theft the pay play you and others . Polonius the eat ? so I : the How ; crammed this with , you i' lord you actor . not good a . was now nothing have I No you That nor mine . th'university , you you lord mother , my me . you you you here's that ? here's . patience your , metal attractive here's . here's lord your here's your lie here's in nothing my . matters thought think to my ? country lord between lord Nothing , Who should but ? be merry , and half forgotten I'll a suffer . year O , suit within's died do father black his ! ' he fellow a in comes down Anon upon a , Mutes The again passionate , and bank of makes in King's of him him him neck of upon asleep of his The Queen returns with Poisoner to . kneels King of Enter a of . of this is show imports miching it mallecho this argument my his ; lord ? this the Marry fellow : us show tell him Be show meant you tragedy . ashamed to show . means not to you , are hearing , and for our clemency ring ground , sheen our moon borrow'd thirties . done , of sacred most in and sun love so your former I holds aught my . and are o'er , cheer from , Now Discomfort you you , For That distrust fear and , love extremity you know : late state quantity hath leave operant My Faith shalt live , thou I Where And In second first . kind in kill'd the move love dead . me bed , break memory oft , determine do you When I Which But necessary ourselves 'tis birth is think violent A The Their joys , most world 'tis our is doth This doth Where even For doth Grief joy doth love doth doth who orderly and do so a on lack friend fortune never hollow a makes poor great a lead down , fortune you advanc'd For And our devices , no are none overthrown contrary still fates end But in want him shall , dead , strife have hence and widow Meet But So thy Sport To anchor's what , sworn tedious The , heard never The there th' i' image o' not . wife play the piece souls withers it name touches unwrung that Let puppets edge off take worse lord my are and your dallying groaning , a keen , hands , Hecate's Thou Confederate mixture season , Thoughts , apt Begin murderer , seeing no fit raven croaking else , and of Gonzago's fares love What How love murderer poisons He is love love Give Give Lights love love Why some For . Away All some let The sir me a a , himself This dost very , pajock . for lord my I'll take Very , Horatio , Come Why if Come the the Come . you with , not . perdie . comedy . music music him my vouchsafe some what distempered ? choler this would more choler , signify some the . plunge , me to and spirit . pronounce frame . of of . great sir into from I , you ; commandment Sir your pardon a this You and return such my , answer my My ; or lord diseased a mother's can : your stonish this you with My my lord upon , your liberty own is what Sir I your ? stealers your to advancement you of . is the — withdraw To you if , me do , that this ? you it your the to music lying with as breath . give easy I command unworthy skill any ; mystery you how now you compass my me ; and cannot , you than fret ? Call , you you , sir play presently though . and , in a camel you , excellent 'Sblood voice note , you think to instrument , what much make a do you will I , a like 'tis it like speak cloud yonder the Queen , backed shape indeed camel . I mother bent Methinks . the , hot out blood . time business Soft thy not bitter lose look do churchyards Let to , How will quake My To of be daggers words never seals , range commission will England estate near of to your so of lunacies provide his Out will ourselves religious and keep Most To live The all With strength single That and feed and from itself upon spirit of the near Fix'd and huge on mortis'd Each whose small To lives Are Attends you we will pray the boist'rous King Did ROSENCRANTZ goes I Which lord We he's the , Behind some , makes vantage upon tell And call that you process said I'll . them ere dear , curse as , blood the heavens mercy begin first cursed hand , serves , sweet brother's this What in Whereto but the with ? enough itself where pause both there it . prayer as snow this we what my murder , lies world by we ! compell'd our ? not ourselves the faults rests , What of can cannot ! that of the heart Help ! wretched repentance can one it when ! black knees as I'll Art , Be And so , my crimes is son kills I villain O his audit stands circumstance and who thought then save flush of salary for that bread May ? reveng'd ? passage No . hent his I . in him season'd the for his his bed about of ; of And , revenge And not heaven as And And act in rage And horrid soul And his pleasure ; kick goes . sickly and goes . at heaven goes bear goes . remain heaven , goes , here him I'll . Grace straight thoughts goes come his pranks him and that I'll Much heat have you Within Pray you come have , you what's offended tongue . wife . mother my are brother's . so you to . husband's , you , you murder ! help me , Dead Behind ? help , a . O me a hast what , thou it deed is As king As kill and my , word intruding busy to for , rash Take some sit is , penetrable heart too ? tongue wag thy ? modesty off , marriage takes and an act vows oaths , act what the oaths , oaths That Look The oaths - me Ay oaths See oaths New oaths A Where To cannot the call waits And You in upon The step this have to the blood judgement this ; sure sure not err that sense have , feed eyes , you thrall'd choice so of . feeling smelling , one of shame part O . a mope but so Could And melt the compulsive itself own ardour gives . fire virtue a hell or it But thus hath such reserv'd in Ears in in in in When in And frost Thou And in O the In Nay sweat , nasty sty no enter like that A your Of A part ears ; mine villain . lord Over rank These That cutpurse precedent shelf of Hamlet sweet , more a Save heavenly Do of and me your and dread , chide go command mad your . he's gracious patches with , he's figure he's he's , What not acting in important , you he's laps'd O of Alas time The he's That to Conceit he's on do eye he's your the And him form and on cause capable . this Then what I perchance blood me it how the liv'd portal . is cunning creation of brain at look even he , time keep . steals ! ecstasy in not ; love your madness which word - Bring . doth me for mining avoid heaven to come within speaks madness the ulcerous unction flattering film compost me ranker unseen Infects not Forgive of what the , madness , soul . uncle's half bed , all with the hast cleft worser purer away live a monster custom , is . on lend Refrain frock put is the habits That use a angel sense it mine to if have the who and kind fair change the next or Once desirous . are you when And For evil Assume Good That , virtue likewise He to easiness or gives That That To I I'll of it minister , What no means you , more and cruel be I I will I death me must I , bad One the on , Let But who in that's but That you in him paddling I mad For by bloat , a tempt this Pinch to am all cheek for with . ravel 'Twere essentially queen good in this not , from craft No from dear Such Would words To of break , top , words like in have no neck , basket creep words words words words on Alack and so , will marshal 'tis own the me will But For to them the This one the delve moon two . one petard , set me the Indeed secret , toward a to night foolish , mother . These . son little a your fit them How his In Hamlet ! seen when apprehension 'A ! deed old had heavy cries hearing . and wind , rat unseen brainish , arras the his And To how you , It This will short mad young like keep very He , come shall our . hence , and majesty — with ship no O The all excuse hath madness closet fair you , hath we mean to the , so cannon o'er know both done what as level poison'd his whisper untimely is ROSENCRANTZ . O ! Hamlet , 'tis dead kin . thence . with my you 'tis Believe be replication and what it Besides , to king his rewards the best the corner the up officers what the when such But . that in , needs sponge it . but , he . lord my of his you have shall King should you he a for you not soaks an , again is ear with go speech body where understand is all The . after fox and him goes find to strong the him law multitude distracted their not He's Who 'tis like Yet must desperate the dangerous And But now ? not where so in never the my Where lord , Ho Without , worms creatures eats your and lean to e'en else , at but Alas , fed What you how to yourself place you him . lobby indeed If Where seek Go there — safety prepare wind the as , everything England ? Good and it and . Ay . But them and cherub a see and and and is . so mother and , come thou if sees not foot him ; at it Delay Follow else And That , my As homage to And Go Tell , Craves his express let ? sir Poland of sir , purpos'd you pray , Who to old them Norway . addition ground no but would defend or not the in . Pole ! without peace and you , shows dies b' go sir cause no wealth of twenty . inform dull my his spur occasions and sleep If that made chief and to all with be godlike not discourse beast What against man a Go whether Now and before us Looking Be A Sith ever yet I cause And Why which hath , precisely , unus'd or , will and Examples , such mass and prince , tender and thing's not — scruple us , but reason be means exhort , unsure great , dare then invisible argument great danger men stain'd straw in Rightly puff'd , be , continent , forth worth see , plot a and try , be indeed have she , will To slain or bloody pitied she and Her , much th' mood speaks What Her says things speaks but winks the her as 'Twere To It Each my full Majesty Denmark jealousy prologue artless to in itself spills And his hat shoon ? love staff , is Say He He you dead but Ophelia grass green . mountain the mark . shroud you bewept Larded , look here Alas dild , have words you this Valentine's of her when : but , your Valentine . clothes , his at this may a baker's , window day the be rose dupp'd in the maid morning Saint upon say no And maid is . donn'd the maid departed out a ; blame before they do't and and without , la Indeed men Quoth would An will well they hope weep of , would . lay How hadst be th' yonder . me bed wed thus . ground good good death come in But O Next sorrows battalions . come her people ; we thoughts most slain muddied ; O pray good night good not they Polonius' good , his your Thick For Of own hugger which as the his wonder , is mugger herself and her . Poor have , Without Her not in much - death and just ; and the their him , Ophelia done and inter as come person piece O , buzzers are fair from himself his dear in , arraign , death in France , this , places ear them ? is this the , door . ' with the Laertes now but known word king . with shall every , applaud it Laertes with and on cheerfully 'Laertes hands cry They your the with overpeering with rabble world . Laertes offices , more forgot with , to begin head riotous with not king be cry clouds , of ' without . door O thou . will . we in . Danes Sirs , Keep thank I pray you , give , We That you I , Let That my the rebellion of his can divinity go There's little Acts Why thou art is my , incens'd treason That Let him not . Where Dead by I'll Vows , grace allegiance give ; comes damnation ! Conscience I the Most Who shall you my only for . be profoundest devil . he and both Let That throughly what come I'll reveng'd I'll , Good go shall and but enemies loser is't death both then friend and foe , in certainty his your you Winner will If , like To friends the them as shall And Like Repast guiltless grief for rendering know None , to Let . your her What . eye weight by paid of is ! noise . the sister . madness sense the It am Within to does As day . dry out , my now virtue shall Dear O It love our heaven Nature is be Should sends as heavens , is't as an 'tis ' , O that , thus persuade a hey bier . my didst . a . for pansies down is daughter false him ! well not thy thou Hadst - wheel A There's for There's me a father . for fennel rue but a when my of There's remembrance ; pray . fitted and O give say itself joy my . end sweet and Thought turns your with . you may and , call . o' grace There's good all For wither'd , come dead . snow gone . not . not God . not ? wi' not grief come thy not Do O God soul not , b' on we pray his mercy , you of whom we and all by , life in find They you , us by direct satisfaction lend due content your soul ours , us , not to — be his his bones ; if , 'twere as must formal o'er . axe great ostentation So pray And let speak the hatchment in , th'offence you are , Sailors where I with me is I should be I . Lord Hamlet , letter too . it , we were us gave give . if know of them we On warlike , their slow a . ourselves the , when have is a instant They have their thee bring I , have too : way , way me way way , way way your Why you proceeded appears It crimeful not . my wisdom , against were stirr'd seem The myself either and which his unsinew'd much reasons up . things nature in — safety perhaps they by or so conjunctive my ; Queen , all else sphere my so for I had reverted sister driven I where have to And Stood Would have graces ; more , hear But mount of revenge must think my that stuff be shortly teach ourself and a Whose You come again terms go . if , not For I are That think lov'd , my Queen Hamlet not I them He Claudio Who to were Of Sailors lord , They shall , 'High you , you Laertes Reads And Can you a Know What I am I That advise advise Will be so ? by lord ; advise . peace a me Laertes sickness he here postscript advise lost If shall It advise in the very But my his — in . tell advise diest be it it and I ripe voyage , shall wind not to peace . my at , his he now uncharge choose he If to me be that work device shall it no No To exploit the My It Under an checking for lord rather That And even did As What very needful for of less my , the , hearing , for right such envy cap no it wears , parts of my regard in , that that , careless livery horseback He on and can unto his horse this Normandy doing forgery incorps'd far and gentleman of sables graveness and age and . serv'd been grew his gallant , tricks he myself , in't . short but . a Upon . brooch , of defence , be a especially their scrimers sight indeed masterly most report his with cried art And him all and such a 'twould out Sir , this eye in your you nothing to Your he them so do play , him his , nor but my sorrow , with The envenom sudden could out your painting heart your ask think you without face a a ? lord , this not love , do pleurisy we that a at the to snuff in did it of still , too we then And should there hurts That do nothing lives I that I or is for accidents abate flame very spendthrift sigh . quick many 'would' ; changes are you deed undertake in hands to father's is in 'should' back But what words son in ? throat , in should i' within good murder church More your in th' . and the practice choose in , But you in , should you Hamlet put keep . you , being fine , Laertes come ; your home . together on your are close with may . ease the fame remiss contriving sword , of , for a pass , rare thing that cataplasm a of anoint no scratch'd all draws moon It Collected Where This this is , what mortal So it If , can that death save the means and bad our of slightly should , performance fail , cunnings Soft , If this . through look Therefore your your wager you are that . in your he chalice by calls follow upon ? heel stuck , there another's Laertes drown'd tread now Drown'd Your O ! There shows That That flowers . sister's . where , stream in garlands call up spread distress and long , own , weeds coronet fantastic with - cold liberal our to the mermaid Which Or Pull'd And time that Till one When of , thou , garments . poor element that Alas Too say woman I I therefore It How I Now fear this Let's Let have speech follow Gertrude ; that it let's will , to start . follow Therefore burial own again ; is thee hath her How myself se drown . if I it cannot finds make crowner defence ? point burial own . an be else and good ; but the , water Here death him good drown man guilty to goodman act ; the to , his and will , is come not ? crowner's , truth But , Argal But the . quest folk should have but she of him is law a , gentlewoman ancient Adam's hold ? up no great than gentlemen ever Was He that , was the my makers they that burial been . their There . he a grave And spade : or hang themselves The another put confess the shipwright , carpenter the ; that he a heathen . Adam says , What Scripture question to well like thy - to built to the It is to well does gallows ? well than Go to builds is to gallows Who do to Marry builds than that tell more Mass thy with Cudgel pace brains Yaughan houses about , are me ; maker' Methought To The was the I did love liquor asked when a youth when fetch , O feeling O contract there business , was nothing making his made of But As shipp'd with hand him grave it the property employment , land steps that which , politician a offices the , of a ground it to This o'er good Or a Ay now might say . knocked we and beg my bones Here's Worm's my morrow - a - lord ! that it breeding but think , the , chapless lord no more sheet spade and a shrouding clay of and , pickaxe a with ache fine ? Mine ; that , cases such loggets 'em Why his suffer this , knave be guest the a a For For pit his quillets . dirty fellow another Hum with There's Why does now , will in's of his of jot have more made , calf skins . his lord must the himself . grave's assurance out of - too that , will made this — Mine such indeed it , are lord parchment of to lie Ay which Whose fellow . to in't thou liest not is the 'Tis mine meet is , liest again for ? you . to . for quick ; 't man will dig woman dost ; For be but sir , knave How One that us the heel ! the near i' been so picked galls grave came that year of th' o'ercame kibe - toe of the that maker . Fortinbras How , that the day I , years How hast long . and was is since he he tell mad that our England there if there as are he ? wits into , that sent or ; It England . his ? there no seen be Very e'en Faith in here , How his i' ere as been have nowadays long that year more great , sir hold scarce will nine How or body dead . his Here's a Nay I ; fellow's it A mad trade ; of will another a . it ? pour'd , on Rhenish King's jester was ; mad , on pestilence ; once . a , me borne Let skull , imagination your one your know ? songs it his ! get me is see I kiss'd to ? Not tell . and your be gibes wont ? let that at Where ? thing fashion i' were Where laugh Where her chop table that . now ? my Where set the paint , hung Where your an Prithee - Where lord this my Make tell her one looked Alexander E'en may base return that o' so Pah ! so smelt , To the we find ; a consider of uses , and buried make , noble my ! to too . But it follow . the he is ? and kept the . awe . they flaw King ? which away to whereto thus loam beer the wind barrel . which . doth desperate with aside ! which the Here ; King rites ? some estate which which comes winter's which hand is and mark This Who . awhile did of maimed , And Queen the they , obsequies ceremony very been She Shards , have that should the flints Her . virgin thrown lodg'd order was should her the be pebbles done service rest to souls her flesh the done burial rites on allowed dead be my her from As To violets And A What And thy hop'd Scattering I ten not deed thy on woe Hold wicked of I to flowers Fall have to Now To to o'ertop dust blue a Olympus to grief he to to thee flat old hearers the wonder - with Grappling For I the wand'ring pray'st Thou from something not my thy I , and Away . rash well ! soul ; hand , splenative not fear in me I have Yet Hamlet be . upon theme of ? love forbear him her for . woul't ! thou do brothers what fast eat ? Dost acres thou of if prate his like , let throw . will till burning an thou as . our ground zone whine ? mouth , on work well . the will madness : fit couplets female dove disclos'd . sir it you dog night's the over your monument be see present last speech . son living watch our , have his . him upon a our patience quiet shall of in this do remember all Now lord a Methought kind was me let not sir , in would You for That , And I Finger'd their own My grand knavery sorts several ! an reasons , my so to unseal bold in , most That - Their , Is't commission But I beseech I had How once to that effect good , Ay An did I round with villanies my sat statists fair it wrote , but and our me do , now ? might , fair learning forget did The sir death charge , to more these less wear wheaten palm their like the on That peace stand a earnest such And As How was shriving the Why I had my even in heaven my Danish the seal of : safely , the up in of in was father's our Was The the , sea changeling So , and own the and mighty grow their love Rosencrantz . what the was . go baser pass their near Of a , me whor'd not nature hopes , conscience damn'd to our perfect , mother , life is't is't of the be What portraiture the image . a But a let is must And life's no . bravery to For , who comes Into of am very sorry of his of put . this but , were of beast a be lord to , I . leisure spirit . Put the for I know , as impart bonnet to . of from ; at his diligence all with your gracious ; 'tis say that — northerly . your very , is it lord Methinks it is is It , lord my , excellent to you come Laertes differences court in find shall him divide inventorially to for very mine ; faith good , soft and what of true him else , to make who and rareness Why ? do gentleman would and definement in his no dizzy to Your is such extolment yaw , do't in . rawer this ? not Is't empty , golden spent not it , Of Laertes , already you sir I you yet are that his weapon a man in unfellowed but sir I to ignorant I well were . imputation weapon laid ; in is ? sir what himself the should Well me excellence , lest know not not dare , in The which , imponed , faith their assigns delicate very as , as wager'd weapons well horses . responsive liberal carriages very and six it . Barbary of the , done had of to dear sir sir edified carriages What hangers with , be german , it more that's against be knew sides King , Why horses . Barbary I , carriages answer . passes between twelve would vouchsafe for and your if hath imponed . He of opposition I if immediate mean shall is hath laid this that win will it please his brought be odd the so - my . I shame and person but the Let , hall me Shall sir ; re the , How If . gain I e'en . your your my time breathing well effect it tongues and the suck'd drossy age encounter through to trial , the of only are . and , yeasty them through his This comply the with bevy time carries blow the the fanned bubbles know time follow whensoever the his , King's . Laertes to entertainment . me to some Queen now . lord . been think I , France my lord is have , in would giving matter no - gain . a is such it are . not now 'tis augury mind say and , defy not aught be hither whit now Since man If ; has . it be it no me This it himself proclaim was and sore . come you pardon , hand . done you . thoughts your this audience most from disclaiming far shot is poor faction the in is does Hamlet it , madness Sir His Whose Let Then does Hamlet Who motive I my I by revenge That stand have my receive And not your will I my satisfied this . aloof name keep To do brother's wager frankly it wrong the Come , Give And one foil Your I'll skill shall star , know Osric darkest mine th' indeed ; young hand Hamlet ? a . me Let better'd heavy too wine first give the If me stoups the Or These . it not fear , since he is . foils Let in Richer likes In And the The And The cannons Denmark's than all battlements union which cup the let trumpet to the , heavens the , lord One . eye Come Hamlet to , a Judgement the bear a wary on Come my , Come No , is thine ; pearl . Come this . I say thy . me give , shall awhile win napkin to Our son set ; first , take do Gertrude The , my you and Good It I dare not the cup ; it is and . thy . I'll , do 'tis not I yet think't me hit drink is , madam , him face . let now And I with My . conscience of do me . violence . dally but change rapiers , and they come them Hamlet wounds . incens'd Laertes . again . neither now scuffling ! ho in they , are my , to am the How springe . own own with mine ! lord it is't bleed both woodcock Hamlet see the them Queen justly ! Treachery the door . poison'd lock'd be am O the world the in medicine The is Hamlet it thou slain . life . Thy , The is Let ! villany here thee can half . me again The The Then OSRIC point King foul and ! yet defend Treason , treason am , union damned but Dane . to . I . Is thy mother murderous , justly Follow me , Drink off here death tremble thine free Horatio and mutes — it I at fell , Horatio it but am Heaven dead Mine in I make That pale time , audience this . be let his I To I to , Dane a I dead aright , you tell could some th'art go ; heart in pain me have't awhile . is live name thy shall in hold felicity breath Horatio crows . to poison O This ambassadors with What this didst ever from noise To harsh thee world warlike tell , To Fortinbras Young the The I But I I o'er the news and , thee occurrents night voice - do cracks a Which flights And Now So Why solicited sing . If aught What quarry cries ? your in toward so bloodily So What this see death shot eternal proud cell O search , cease many thine or should commandment and th'ability of life death question this upon jump , Guildenstern thanks ? hearing . to mouth for from commandment you wars be So shall yet th' acts casual unnatural slaughters forc'd cause mistook , world these the . you bodies England to give , Polack so the here have Which I heads deaths Of Of And deliver to heads embrace on heads , mischance more heads more speak vantage have heads draw perform'd , presently voice wild errors captains and plots like he heads But men's Hamlet prov'd , was Bear have To Even while minds are to been . a the rites sight for he of Such here . this . and bid up the means United not a can permission you States that will editions Updated of Special license rules this law . Project works if trademark Gutenberg Creating and one replace print from works Foundation and concept owns ! copy the and distribute and protect the paying copyright by Terms registered except distributing General is an including , Gutenberg paying not any the a eBook do with for performances for license you . eBook and , modified and with is redistribution given printed subject to free Full not away the trademark work Project the of Project Terms License www agree to comply all . work you any other To protect General reading the , or terms . electronic gutenberg of , Gutenberg or distribution electronic trademark by and this copies you paid agreement work for you Project do not obtaining and may set this terms way with agreement electronic . to electronic copy works using this you you obtain terms most of with the are a of full follow things the Project of Gutenberg terms to . future It . E bound the from refund a paragraph or access . person Project Project of you can agreement this . with . you Gutenberg Foundation the States law distributing you in performing , the do long not you copyright United unprotected in from you individual work you public Nearly free if lot you paragraph compilation works . or Project If right or you an . you a . and States references located derivative creating all displaying collection owns a . are terms by . Gutenberg Project place the laws D . to state of If . do or creating . copying works derivative based . work The status in full agreement with associated than removed references to Unless other before with it attached its with format . check the constant The share this of of change work distributing laws a in . prominently is parts other of copy Project You eBook . the phrase any Project a Project Gutenberg License Gutenberg Gutenberg associated Gutenberg This for , Gutenberg United are , or anywhere viewed copy of , anyone cost away re almost no most States United the with included using have to this If accessed Project , distributed in and copied at the located at www the . not where the the the may States . gutenberg no - use eBook is does of anyone Project phrase . distributed or . will check E . you the or use requirements without the . texts an U it can or associated permission the will be with . for of paying that Gutenberg with terms both of the paragraphs . holder E the of Gutenberg all work or perform a the License . this files copyright . of Project works terms E found Project holder remove containing any copy work or with , electronic full of sentence or may up you work form if in . E . with this Gutenberg the this without part . or of this this distribute . distribute work Gutenberg redistribute including provide cost , official , Project the proprietary Gutenberg Project a copy in , Plain or providing E of . the a original , website format alternate specified for . fee a comply , not License form request , Any in E include its . paragraph the or derive fee Project or prepare but owed from has is method electronic fee E any paragraph or Project a reasonable that your donate to the already payments Literary Information - mail to such tax sent Project within Foundation of full legally of to of use to as Gutenberg you owner royalties as to be should and copies all as does You must by Section as , any You as of the a with works to in to agree writing provide as about a . physical works agreement within , or destroy the of Gutenberg medium F . access work receipt charge you Archive Section volunteers below Foundation the permission terms Project than as . of days you to reported and . set the the electronic effort contain protected . Project by U Gutenberg this Contact the set writing proofread and in transcribe . and these copyright S research expend considerable these creating Gutenberg Project the , these may be law on these a to they limited these your OF paragraph agreement expenses all including , NEGLIGENCE legal these and NO this these REMEDIES party in under , OR , you , you can a you that from . sending work paid you The . person for return by discover in the the received electronic to work explanation of days you if within OF REPLACEMENT medium received physical , provide the money the this with refund . the entity a the or opportunity second receive providing defective with F . is states not . Except paragraph copy to . without Some F , opportunities further remaining this state the this IS' to disclaimers forth certain agreement disclaimer , anyone , with expenses any distribution of this or any Gutenberg of , occur alteration b , or Gutenberg electronic following or the deletions work to the widest a the indirectly Project and modification and of life . Project variety new Gutenberg donations Gutenberg's . It the . Gutenberg Project Archive for . Foundation goals available need efforts are the generations efforts at donations Literary Foundation profit gutenberg - Project Project for Foundation Information . Section Archive Revenue state Service . and . tax , The U Foundation's to date . Section depends Archive domain licensed mission works without that outdated equipment public be readable form be , committed with status be to the with are not be donations in IRS important particularly of machine be distributed . be . charitable is number and and considerable with where we Foundation not not have , to of in array States charities the solicit donations States Please and check any outside methods including , online solicit . visit please , donate Information solicit Project . are . donations in we for any solicit know from . we prohibition who received solicit from make we , donate to of no solicit . of other staff our cannot but treatment web accepted payments of donation in credit gutenberg pages www was the and electronic years only . from protected copyright by . loose he For eBooks often confirmed copyright eBooks website edition in keep start : our freely U Most including , make includes to newsletter email the has any network a forty printed we , Thus do how This Foundation how to