? there Stand most upon Get . twelve struck Have a And this relief to am I 'Tis now The think , ho ground liegemen to Friends And the . night hath you night you Give . Give ! Barnardo . who , reliev'd is , piece of Welcome good farewell Barnardo , What And Touching He And That are What us so we let When Had Where break now his Peace art scholar speak ; a like , it , Horatio Horatio . dead . time of Horatio . and this fair of I that which march sometimes In the ! speak ! Stay ! Is ! something What eyes true ! not ! this . combated Norway when sledded 'Tis the was thou it Without he frown'd When As He what But This bodes in In gross thought before martial Thus the some strange eruption tell strict scope sit Sunday Good , down same Sunday daily toils the Sunday subject brazen of implements Sunday of sore war Sunday , from that Sunday shipwrights , toward night be Sunday divide the joint - this sweaty me Sunday inform Sunday ; so our most emulate to last of which known our ; know on combat the Thereto , Dar'd slay Well this forfeit Which fell That As But to of well stomach ; our state no some strong foresaid , this , preparations the the , it head land figure portentous this the wars of so like so King , eye Julius sheeted the Rome fell Roman dews and of moist the stands empire influence sun the ; and with of still the coming earth together countrymen omen the preceding precurse and climatures on again comes Stay of . use be and grace done , me , may , privy art be Speak O treasure For to thee do any good me thy ! country's , partisan . stand 'Tis if I Shall which Extorted if thou the Stay , Stop of they , say it . my it ! here 'Tis here will 'Tis ! it wrong offer mockery cock . I have . trumpet and to , lofty of confine Th'extravagant fire ; in And object of that 'gainst It Some Wherein Doth Awake his that , cock with day the singeth crowing is celebrated season ever that our say , they faded bird The then fairy So , o'er But we Let Walks The takes hallow'd So have us Hamlet dumb our Break No nights I This As needful you spirit Unto what us , will him morning it duty . conveniently this , Cornelius yet Hamlet Lords him of hearts be To Th'imperial , 'twere sister this now think fought him ourselves of , remembrance and and have freely gone dirge which all we , nor of that know our our have , state dole Fortinbras , his advantage frame death brother's dear out with much of here : meeting , writ , the are purpose hears time : young have scarcely suppress that you to further no you of You Of with good Giving For bearers Out subject this His Of , herein gait further The business these let your and all doubt and suit what's . is't Dane , Denmark coronation thy father ? Laertes , thy not , Denmark the the came to your gracious father's leave , petition and at last bend must and your seal'd leave consent thine my I in duty my show To I now wishes my him , cousin spend ; kin the Hamlet it son ? the sun . kind than , at time go hang still Laertes lord , I dust common it be it through , look eye thy noble father , is die . lids must in the lives eternity , grief black know mother eye , and show ; and bound survivor and the suits which trappings and In , know and in duties your your to your a father and and and and to opposition our , a to and and , understanding . know Fie , fathers most absurd till ' . against ? be simple will a shows It Of impious An As Why should in most he still today , theme to died us take world the immediate father . in school you ; dead and who pray We , of you our to , lose us with my all mother go obey reply madam fair not ; her cousin you courtier Our No This as , pray I shall But the - King's rouse earthly unforc'd thunder the to solid itself unforc'd resolve Re unforc'd unforc'd unforc'd speaking great cannon this unforc'd O Thaw Or and Everlasting too the unforc'd unforc'd How Seem Fie That dead excellent might a he His But satyr ; Why what ; on it not Let beteem beteem fed which little me beteem Would beteem beteem Than to but Hercules of no unrighteous beteem the I brother beteem My beteem — thy grown a is woman even of mine month galled wicked her to incestuous myself lordship must hold to it to I forget well for , cannot heart not Horatio The same or am to Hail see my you , good my lord do what make see you faith , truant A I But very glad To not you hear do truster ere affair your . is shall would Nor Against , teach yourself know in Elsinore . depart . fellow meats , he ; eye my was ? my methinks , Where had I , once take upon . king all . nights God's together Barnardo these love let of marvel attent Season an The my father for may I till these gentlemen - surprised eyes , distill'd , father pie he - to night both ; father watch , made more ? in time and your knew I deliver'd third not length ; act whilst kept did good watch we to it up lord not speak you , The of apparition comes hands These like this where But upon where ? methought once , head none : it cock shrunk motion to do I And To tonight this it down sirs the watch you it writ lord of ? head saw my , lord he . in beaver his . anger frowningly he O A would It I have I Most much would there . amaz'd no , in silver'd . seen grizzled I . it I as A sable walk watch tonight again . you noble though it though assume it my whatsoever And though though though father's arms mine to 'twixt else your though So . shall , your visit though Our Your though I , as duty I'll would play , foul in loves My some then doubt I And o'erwhelm necessaries , me from doubt trifling is convoy sister assistant of a , thews and bulk but this mind it more so permanent perfume no more grow now not his unvalu'd , himself is no weigh'd may For not himself and for sanctity he of inward Grows And nature Think In greatness The Whereof As subject head the fits Unto subject subject he The subject in main the subject subject subject And subject his voice your of of May of Than he of too credent what of saying deed loss ear , the and of fear rear it your honour of his songs chaste of . sister , affection dear enough near . youth . dew most are best my to watchman to me not itself rebels shall too Occasion double , are wind The Yet you stay'd thou these character And familiar Those And Look Be thou the Give precepts but , with of adoption but rich in but and with thy soul , thought their unfledg'd thy to ear quarrel dull hast not thou - entrance each But them unto a thine censure , hatch'd few of being but ; as express'd Of th'opposed thy ; oft nor loses borrower nor select dulls nor and France nor , man ; gaudy station nor nor nor . nor nor , lock'd and , of you to ? Lord bethought oft hath , 'Tis told So What you Have And If Do you Unsifted believe ! hath is What As between You , it yourself , so honour your the Give I late to his have not not — Running call honourable go ; fashion hath In may to vows speech , of heaven countenance all the blood When Giving Even Lends more their not light must something Set Be in a promise than blazes how prodigal , in Lord he . higher maiden time ; this presence Ophelia walk young ; brokers , show and their unholy sanctified beguile in you words or slander talk charge so Breathing Look to't , you lord ; shrewdly shall I , the Wherein heard No spirit held it a and an is of now hour What I think it his draws . reels down out ? thus and his - he And kettle drum pledge a marry it is west . custom observance a and than born the . native is't though the : nations swinish takes of tax'd and of ; clepe Soil our This us addition headed drunkards and The pith some in breaking of , else , livery — as of undergo pure as , men of these defect — grace of , one of forts that of some they not complexion that pales cannot of down some plausive manners , o'ergrowth of habit say I Nature's infinite Being of Carrying His of form The Bring Doth To all King Have Why Let thy me not canoniz'd cerements saw Wherein we thee op'd dead thus Revisit'st their Dane royal will Thou To thou That So this horridly hideous the , and shake to beyond you some go to not more with means courteous it removed to go you It Look with a by speak , No But It will no fear follow it . to pin's do itself the ; that ? fee form , reason body this nerve . lets . imagination on ghost Nemean petty the as My fate each By As hardy am , Have after waxes with To Let's follow ; desperate He fit thus not . is Heaven , let's My Pity me Alas up almost . shalt hear hearing hear I to when spirit father's term thy I And Till Doom'd Are Would I up thy burnt day done my the fires , end spheres , night walk to days prison unfold - young start combined . soul tale away purg'd the could and particular upon this and If flesh didst blood blazon , murder most , as most ! best the in that the I , with of love . wings as . on the process but ; so my thou , a me that , in my ear orchard the than revenge fat weed his , his his his his vow his have the shameful virtuous marriage in virtue it his court But his , lewdness So Though . sate though to Upon mine lust of Will ! And me . Sleeping the thy uncle my , whose effect as an porches within afternoon vial of man pour , stole in blood morning air , did ears a hebenon through posset it milk into did droppings loathsome body vile . eager So bark'd and brother's , like most instant with of but , made all thou Let not hast horrible reckoning With A To couch But those thy howsoever , leave pursu'st and thy let bed the . soul her thee Fare the matin her heaven act bosom the lodge Remember uneffectual ! the . well the me be . the else ; the the shall my , Yes volume all commandment and matter forms table of trivial all distracted poor this , ghost my sinews stiffly me all smiling is smile be Now down ! and in Denmark villain heaven ! villain , by set so may it I HORATIO uncle may I least 'Adieu are . remember . lord my ? lord wonderful ? heaven . by man ? Denmark the grave . But Nor , Not then as and hath man business that fit ; and desire you : right at point shall all poor . part and part — lord . words whirling , offend you , what is , to may me are Give O'ermaster't your as I my , my lord not , we Nay , what and have . seen MARCELLUS tonight , faith . stage , indeed in sword lord the Consent lord so under Cries boy on , sayst by . Then we'll shift , ground my oath ? in . to thou hear of Swear this And to Well said worthy , Swear Beneath ! Once ! night , is but work Swear by sword you . have our upon . remove more pioner . th'earth , you — shall - meet come , we if be could doubtful and and to you need , or seeing disposition me this most — or speak' of your . at . Swear Beneath love , you Or That So With shall not lack a poor as friending Let and his t'express And out fingers . set go to joint lips go right , inquiry to , money him Give You who Enquire and What , Marry And That well , mark knowledge touch question of his lord ; wild say 'not so put rank ; and that him ; he's and ; wanton , take wild ; ' you usual well marry liberty him would , Ay Quarrelling Faith My lord . my may that , put may another not you season open unreclaimed general my good you . blood liberty , quaintly charge ; faults so ; mind — this do Wherefore should my fetch on a is , lord , I Marry seen so to mass By 'closes the , in What , ' was — about the , At with in the thus such gaming , yesterday with him you say to : 'I ! gentleman ; o'ertook know the marry , rouse as , now ; you truth . such there tennis' : so such at or a of we do thus a saw 'I you Shall By , windlasses by son lord b' my inclination , in . my my shall my my . my . lord my , the my , Ophelia , my been ? my each ankle other foul'd knocking all my chamber his to knees so , What not as Ungart'red and , Lord To I goes with falls he , his a shaking stay'd my held and all of hand draw by the length , mine profound bulk turn'd will their without his help on light love , King . of , eyes , seek went way go fordoes under I desperate will the is violent property to ecstasy . very of itself hard and as you did words sorry natures denied , move love . King sort we to kept hate So his nor th'exterior your time vouchsafe little on much th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding To So Good th'understanding And sure To th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding show us expend visitation a Might Than dread supply and shall fits Your As by , the For Put your the We instantly and son beseech both to entreaty . bent , Guildenstern , And Thanks Thanks To Rosencrantz Ay Thou I I Have , my lord hold my my think Give my to first news Thyself do shall of speak , be admittance , source queen all of is sweet and o'erhasty but . greetings from of sent to 'gainst which , he ; appear'd ; whereat impotence and the Polack . found griev'd he Highness truly never against of Norway Highness three commission him Gives To Highness Highness Highness Highness Highness Highness That Through On our consider'd upon this took - we'll . and quiet , pass : further shown you please for of down to set this enterprise night well your and business night welcome at we'll home night well ended , night waste , should , expostulate night , to duty what is night you thank , your liege Most night This be night to but is night day My night What Your madam , day outward noble Your majesty Your will Were Mad call Your Your since be tediousness I Your is't but But , Your A will him grant Your pity farewell we And I I That That this effect out the say a it I find For the comes and I mad 'tis is I he I But Mad , for then of I she is beautified I a . vile faithful to stars doth thou , that to be a never Came ill stay liar love believe , not reckon sun Adieu sun his daughter this is machine by sun , my , sun ; best . it sun , sun most I these numbers doubt lady sun best thee love sun But , I I dear hath hath means show'd , time think and man you a fain had daughter my I would As I When I seen so faithful me of what on me , If I the hot But . told your I of his resort tokens of no short a — herself then , precepts a make advice fast , to my from And prince receive fruits a weakness , her , fain said ''Tis , then , know that , centre try we he in Here So walks . indeed together it the loose my arras her thereon , state , O you . beseech poor the Lord good , God you , both a lord my sir That's in , being kissing picked be one man good , not as . is love , for daughter He Yet gone ; lord very you lord ? read my words , matter faces and All hold go am to honesty old be . believe yourself Though this walk , I , most I , if madness , the , they are that , hams weak , yet I , be , is A means I , cannot , replies are could contrive . take which sometimes and . part willingly and of leave will reason will , lord life . you my . lord ! ye both ? Guildenstern . children not over earth the how do ? favours strumpet . honest a is shoe in . friends at ? Denmark's the Fortune What . particular a the is are you not one being , world many nothing is me there worst . or dungeons too , lord my it 'tis a that I for ; but one Why your bounded were , indeed Truly , and Which dreams , itself of so shadow's th' to I hold , ambition bodies an the in To you honest you . upon , man sort not Shall beggars we wait , I visit am own ? it justly , a dear a nay come we Is dear in dear way my too inclining dear should Come ? dear it ; dear even poor dear which and my , dear me have modesties Queen your You good let . To know looks But me dear by , lord King you conjure youth our end I . colour you by preserved withal , I the to . charge ever fellowship , To Guildenstern . or no What say If you love , of discovery I . my forgone your . goes pestilent noble foul with goes , know and indeed goes frame excellent other piece canopy goes goodly in goes of goes goes dust lord by your goes delights smiling such I said And in stuff And 'Man delights to ; me And when We . to not And offer you service . And in on man , entertainment ? And way have target ; the And part And o' them what shall his and Majesty in , the his lungs are end shall foil laugh mind whose man his use her those shall clown me shall for't . make gratis , the be you Even chances their they No are so I in — in , and ? but ; on top rusty pace cry These are they when followed did the , question and of , that thither . sir fashion wearing tyrannically the afraid they , for sin , been them unless poet and the There controversy Do . has been much . throwing . for the no the , money in . about it . possible . lord Hercules boys do him ducats hundred appurtenance of , and Elsinore you lest welcome more extent to and When handsaw . the father west - wind ? lord like the Well be with is there , you he for , Happily Guildenstern prophesy will lord , the he's comes are , My have to lord you come Then in - comical came The tragical , actors pastoral - best pastoral O law unlimited . 'One Why — no ? God know like will show abridgement pious the masters . Com'st thou to beard ladyship me friend . all , a not , e'en . gold lady , be . give within , Come like French , a speech , ring God . at fly a taste you if million or us is passionate lord , it in said nor but no called more much , author especially chiefly memory , where , Aeneas' , It The this line Black When Hath of impasted lend their And eyes like murders . with a is With blood Now That my God , vile too So , spoken at Anon his falls whiff . of , command drives base feel to to Rebellious Greeks Priam Pyrrhus Stoops Of , Takes Seeming Th'unnerved But And A But as The As silence in as speechless , the region rend Doth like Priam , heavens ; death armour remorse , the than on Fortune from away fellies her you bleeding forg'd forg'd , of . forg'd heaven forg'd — bawdry of come forg'd Hecuba to forg'd . or . forg'd . on Prithee say flames steep'd caught fear treason have upon A threat'ning A is for a A loins A good and , all th'alarm with did pronounc'd A malicious husband's she eyes not that Pyrrhus them the of A gods . and A . A this of chronicles soon , their the let . hear time . in's of Do have have rest . live a have and bestowed have thee the out you than have have , have have Murder of . for would you . tomorrow ha't or sixteen friend . a a some . you my Elsinore I'll mock my not , you my look friends and , my Ay Follow my Could Is what my a , force my my Ay . with do , to And ? Hecuba , him to voice his in so his dream own ; nothing Hecuba he , tears I Yet , my cause across coward ? face i' th' ? a life unpregnant and most , No ears and - was whose breaks my I . the free , a for . dreams eyes mettled of lie in pate the Who ere lack it cannot ? gall this region , does kites bawdy Bloody offal Oh , to a whore revenge son the of am oppression , me Tweaks deep ! But 'Swounds I To have liver'd , my an ass guilty have Have For mine . my Before With I my shape I'll no have uncle the course , quick . miraculous like damn to he relative me and , know T'assume As me than the Wherein I'll circumstance he puts on drift of this days his confusion himself no by distracted forward dangerous , some would he you well to . keeps madness state on ? a receive his his of our of . demands . him players they before play him order , court we joy certain out way the . think I it seem so you , hear And We , This me to ; are , entreat the true matter much a him so it . too . further these content me delights . Majesties . us Hamlet hither sent sent , sent sent sent sent sent sent , please , do , action — much pious prov'd that are we devil . with to oft an himself To here . We you walk will — Gracious Read in devotion's exercise We such O ! lord , Let's . that is outrageous of — we sleep , end thousand 'tis what this scorns man's and whips calamity us shuffled pause the wrong of is ache be to , For pangs The insolence patient bare To With No And grunt the and makes fly others make the regard of ! action my thus And Is Than conscience to name all my lord this day a of well , deliver re . I not you so lord I No have ; long longed I Rich things , have know That know know know know know gifts Take know these the made know know Ha Are ! your no honesty honesty the now transform translate . so believe cannot so you not inoculate our loved I things proud I give offences at them as beck crawling I your nunnery home upon he Farewell ! heavens . the thou marry marry . calumny dowry thy wilt make ! too him hath . your , your are are that they jig . God , enough restore make and You on't shall noble soldier's , what a mind scholar's rose observers and of quite mould fair of , wretched down quite tongue o'erthrown , sword but form , state , eye , most the deject his and youth harsh , tend I little , brood on to determination quick which hatch sits There's lack'd something for with shall his in countries England ? Ophelia play as do after fit entreat be alone round let mother her hold tell you the , where I beating still . of do it from The shall his be And Of all their England in ones shall be , it I Nor many it as you pray mouth crier thus my I you do O of whirlwind it the . of - nothing ears pated for not in you it tear groundlings dumb inexplicable the o'erdoing it avoid . for you fellow of tutor . special . Termagant anything at up to both , nature whose image . her of as , action be , with make the allowance , the and have it the I speak have gait them that to in but your the ; end the modesty to the was from the purpose is her , show and the own feature his theatre , that , the Christian off the tardy o'erweigh a play the grieve of others praise the , O the others neither , pagan some of well , have it imitated journeymen that play ambition no then to ready work question the you . Horatio lord ! make haste . service withal . your I hope lord lord , art e'en conversation my thee crook Where feed and clothe ? the let thrift what Nay , revenue hast may not dear . election suffers co , of hinges pregnant may seal'd And No soul of ta'en is One There uncle the mine . If speech act of ay scene , when thou a is Do not with a of told have comes prithee As heart's not what comes is Even I comes As For comes . Give will our comes his of , comes he comes comes will pay . place a the A faith the promise Excellent , to Queen , King Guildenstern our cousin . Hamlet . was feed air , mine once Capitol kill to a I Come Ay , part . enact brute , To No , head my , No mean shall I lord Ay , I you think think That's I fair are merry Who I lord . maker long ? there's , kneels declines and . Enter with a the hobby - asleep makes her it upon , and him very horse ; protestation Lays him King four is The three the . Anon Queen of Queen some finds dead seems accepts She end is this this Belike show imports this fellow by We , or the the the the : the know all this the . what Be what not the mark : stooping or the the my , the your prologue , brief As woman's times wash And About Full a this dozen have in most times Hymen former your times times : distrust late times be sick from o'er twelve moons times Make But So times my great grow , fears times there ; fear love doubts you must of , as too and and ! first . breast be me and who needs second that Are and the husband confound , and fair and this — and and move now and husband second what But I kisses what , they that 'tis when but , validity : on sticks memory break slave unripe mellow necessary we forget debt propose ourselves joy lose . not to 'tis . to . to , to . or to is we the in , either grief to passion purpose to flies love to change strange , nor slender husband still me still So That But who And thoughts But still Meet and earth thy thou give food no devices wilt still ends second repose desperation cheer still and once still still still 'Tis To If , here If widow a awhile twain ? between tedious Sweet should , she . world i' ? offence no ; jest the call 'tis . Gonzago that we ; majesty shall murder have how a jade , Tropically . in ? in done The and gall'd are You see interpret are It you would your . you . husbands Thoughts Confederate mixture Come , On is He i' and King The poisons , What , love the fares o'er . me Give Lights , Why , Turk turn me runs sir a , with fellowship a the ; me in with Jove A thou For dost whole a O I'll , Very , lord my ? word poisoning ? he Come , music a , likes vouchsafe likes a with likes word whole likes . likes distempered ? likes , marvellous what The likes Sir likes , wisdom doctor , me , to put into with signify , some my from , lord far itself to his , discourse , tame my With lord , drink , show him would purgation choler . wildly Queen The your good my , me , if ; this . the of are wholesome and my not is courtesy . business . diseased my , What ; wit's , My can times admiration go to you . no sequel Have any . ere . did us in you , is I what my Good upon that How And Ay the sir my lord if wind Let succession duty of not well pray , lord My as . do understand cannot I you , I , my lord . me of . my me much make than Queen , lord Do see you , mass My It . whale a like camel a . camel . to top a weasel . by — say do churchyards to . bent say I come say By say I say . said say hell Now , very the say When now and say The quake Contagion this heart O give To them How my and me will My I To To single keep With To The will We so and many upon ourselves many holy on whose and the Each boist'rous petty consequence lesser it things , when . which the a general . voyage upon . mother's his convey ; myself mother o'erhear audience you Fare than was I'll to she'll it should wisely a , closet . tax him well to know , my you And primal ! be inclination hath the my The A Though But And And there it not what's rain snow in down . That fault white as the but visage of force ? twofold look what I'll my me , Forgive turn be pardon'd ambition since But ? which and above ; faults What ? then and nature shuffling . may th'offence my still I I the Offence's , effects Of My those out the is In Buys Even To O as ; and All limed knees sinews Help that ! struggling angels as free , steel praying he , and , be that to now And , stubborn Be Bow now Now I And villain his , But 'Tis To he is , is whereto it soul goes be his may pleasure but . pleasure and some about in his bed kick My as pleasure his pleasure more his pleasure act , pleasure , pleasure may in't , stays pleasure . black . below thoughts my never Tell and your his pranks straight have been me e'en bear to . coming me him what's the matter much ? Now mother thou , you have answer tongue idle father a tongue . thy now rood your husband's , brother's . wife . are that you , up you down you set and not go , may sit set inmost Thou help wilt part me ! help the it bloody deed . as bad with marry king king and kill ? deed is mother , brother better intruding a my better better . of made have not it stuff penetrable better bulwark that , better so thou against me , thy tongue better better , shall , better . the an innocent an , an an an an an ? an . brow two picture loud Ay here , front presentment on like curls what See Look Hyperion's An Here his you Blasting batten And The Would Else Is you this the judgement blood this to not sense from to , some difference at feeling , feeling or part of . hoodman without smelling one , true is thy sans you reserv'd you That hath such you in compulsive you the you in To If but cozen'd you own speak into you no more my black , you mine not such will Nay And Thou Since reason ardour fire virtue let youth flaming When frost O see of enseamed ; in enter no . live bed their but , sweat the Over in O like words These Stew'd speak me nasty sweet , and twentieth part the kings rule the and lord a not from shreds more patches mad heavenly Alas of king Save You me not in important , come time your tardy to , by almost on and Hamlet her fighting strongest do spirits your hold ? lady is't how it is between step in Speak How at do Alas with on in eye wildly thy excrements glares he to you what tears true this . colour effects want action perchance with cause Nothing , No nothing how as now at hear ? that all nothing ourselves but goes in ! even as And unseen rank your skin spread , Confess and flattering but my to for love your within to on yourself mining the , Forgive vice fatness avoid . what's Infects that matter gambol I Would not will Whilst It the from but To make , throw live But purer with to bed . beg me these of for leave cleft the go away my of in him twain uncle's fair or of , devil potency Once are you curb next almost wondrous And when you of desirous more same bles'd out , easy good tonight nature him The next stamp or be , lord so , easiness of night to . heaven and scourge and good , answer kind . behind remains , him bestow must with me I I , I must death , this the by bloat , Not Pinch And Or Let let no paddling That For But mad you from a paddock from queen concernings in the birds Let the try fly basket of so a , fair good not this you , bat let a 'Twere a the would his him , gib , Who , Unpeg No dear And break assur'd had letters seal'd : as trust will the They to . the enginer shall go work mines most directly 'tis This one guts into shall line man Indeed . the the will in at them When Come still , draw most in foolish mother night set the 'tis his good night was , most now Who sir , to a with end sighs sighs sighs while sighs heaves seen both sighs fit contend sighs when his In . hearing brainish sighs unseen sighs ' providence answer'd love out , short young would This mad kept shall , with O bloody us restrain'd so was was , haunt let gone feed disease it , fit body body body , body ! body aid further majesty , the shall ! body kill'd like is done . body body this come away and , hence some Ho vile deed Guildenstern hath pray as level As Transports And , him out untimely , call both know done whisper Whose we'll Into . his the seek Go what's And the full may . and come dismay . away our , Hamlet they ? dead come thence it . chapel take counsel can a I , Ay , Take what replication of them sir authorities But ape that — your soaks such : squeezing like when swallowed and glad tell I last must lord , body with I . nothing to and distracted law man that strong this judgement th'offender's scourge the must seem smooth . their so pause To not put it How I Who never where eats , where At At ? Polonius my . supper he are all king may show you how king mean alas ! eat guts thou hath worm the with month Send . th'other place is But as you — hence till till till till till bent till prepare the wind Therefore as we send thyself at till , done , tend till Hamlet For it if But mother father come , is and my them Father My see So a mother flesh ; him That Delay leans , Away else on th'affair it my if power thereof thou Pray him seal'd and is . conjuring hectic in I joys Till . his Fortinbras king march . Danish the You him let . lord my aught know with you Poland them commands part Against of powers are . sir ; no patch of would the farm or Norway profit little it to Truly hath That pay A We I the it sold . fee Pole it , sir without and and and and and , and and and against me , a man time , wisdom know not do I but th'event scruple do me exhort to , means , part — thing's one hath earth this , ambition event unsure and in . How kill'd father Excitements have That . When . the is . while and a stand great . stir the stake . of reason my . fame a continent the of twenty and fantasy . a cannot all cannot cannot hide cannot cannot cannot speak cannot with her . pitied ? cannot her and . she Her is She mood The And would she spoken , think and nods yet nothing the botch , To sick my Each conjectures sure her , one make , fearing beauteous be amiss . now Ophelia , How the Where How his another cockle his sweet gone and and heels a lady turf ? mark . lord my . grave with all How With but , you ! dild They Conceit of , no , not let's , was we ; is what the owl , father may , say be , words your Valentine your donn'd his clothes an on't maid departed , an And Let make Charity for they to tumbled wed yonder sun . by shame . to't I'll , do't ha' promis'd fie Saint without , Indeed Cock By Alack she , will men would thou long We be hadst . would How you night thank they think , from O All When her ; good her I night For good hugger Divided Last Without , Next But sorrows father's , First death come in battalions his In Gives ear , Alack in dear person father's his , murdering O our matter of ear a and to Where Eats ocean Save What Let yourself , Than Switzers ? the Laertes . were rabble in custom now a overpeering the more his . lord , him ! ' king begin lord , word every forgot shall cheerfully are , counter on tongues 'Choose is broke come in me . king father . O my Give Cries thank . I you Where — peep doth . Gertrude but will incens'd his can cause the is That thus is art little There's him treason not giant . man . father juggled , the to To , only point to not with . stand , Vows , with far little them world ? well so writ dear And for My will my you father's If None Will but know then I'll - life my arms ? ope , wits May young an , instance and itself , and madness turn , mortal in Nature O our maid , beam the scale Should is It bore him Hey Fare could call false nothing's , This for It ! rosemary fennel for your , violets with . they but me a may call . madness columbines There's for . give say itself . joy ? dead as poll - O but you , and call hand me ours your to patience so ; it to you Be crown us touch'd life and ; your labour if not we , give with soul earth burial due content his ostentation , go from in . great . me go axe go go you go go with they have letters go . go if sir if for ; if these were we if name . sir if if , if your . it know There's let was please and't , as to Finding like thou to words repair of , Reads means at sea slow I I . will much as . Let grapple the thine in for me the for light to with that much the ear of , in make . thou for thee knowest you from him To I will the give He and Guildenstern matter have . them I Rosencrantz conscience my your and in acquittance must your safety , and , O As by So Why you crimeful may Which But Lives or so star conjunctive my plague looks are his all love public but to could , as the Why the not moves her the by a dipping to like Would And slightly gyves the faults that turneth so so ; loud noble had the age come think , dull more danger and . Queen them . them shall brought Claudio Who Hamlet Sailors mighty beg pardon and sudden some mean more abuse Are and the ? thereunto to shall you Leave strange your And Or kingdom I am this , no such thing ? come , says here you it warms live tell very That It the and , Ay Will So thine To own As And for My lord if That rather be you no it shall uncharge will It talk'd You the which call mother death his even that they that say in been might falls Of What part is , cap no , weeds that of that and my lord youth it months , seat his but Two . on He doing incorps'd . he in't witchcraft they And myself seen . and a age and his of , horseback - natur'd horse , gallant his topp'd thought . shapes and he tricks . indeed same He know Did , you face ask you a heart a sorrow — father , love , changes many are sigh , goodness fire flame begun time , it spendthrift : would pleurisy still , 'would' do in to in would son th' . within Laertes good in church chamber in come your being fine , heads wager And in set in in in not Or unbated with peruse Most generous gave a those shall you And The bought that blood from it mortal And purpose unction but can Let's to drift further be , all a have virtue it , touch him fail and performance this means should contagion think of if I'll slightly point my hold see — that , hot and , prepar'd end have , drink drink , drink that stuck . venom'd sipping drink there ? Laertes drink . drink stream make , drink glassy , drink long , drown'd where daisies garlands did in aslant the purples . them call her boughs fingers grosser a an , like When down hang , she - weeping Which one time creature . a the in mermaid . heavy it own they bore , melodious drink . native her spread up . her envious to her . awhile . garments But incapable . Or that that Till the of like poor To then she death . these . would , When poor . is tears But Ophelia custom are gone , yet her nature douts that , again follow to do give let's had fear I Let's it to calm his . Therefore she Is to she hath sat to herself wittingly , lies and . leave man , go Nay , but do argues be . act and : perform : to , the good himself law crowner's is't , on't his o' not his should great his his this own is not his . gentlewoman his of him life quest his a or . makers grave his buried out had Christian burial law his folk none ever heathen a . How Was he - pity that ancient more , the another the The gallows for or the ; maker he wit does in gallows the do the stronger those thee that good stronger well - gallows well built do Who well , that is stronger than me , mason than well to builds no more with brains , Mass beating ; about makes me you it youth Yaughan maker' Has To this methought his property ? in that meet there time was making a employment a sweet very did was feeling of , of daintier How the did that . first now not ass might a politician , been the stealing in me with of clutch steps age But hath 'twere jawbone once Cain's the pate of , a - such morrow 'Good , offices might be o'er - my , ' ? a my fine ; beg lord sweet might my ! and an but to my made spade to my , spade clay my more Worm's my , my . now my sexton's loggets at see't trick . his be that guest a the rude this may his this the recognizances might . no breadth scarcely Is Not not lord Ay are They , my sheep to speak clay clay clay clay dost clay lie clay in't a clay 'Tis lie , for be on't do , thou dig it . thou it say and quick ; sir quick One was . it How absolute that heel the the a he courtier is so , grown Lord is galls picked , that - kibe these soul in't neither none is Who For be buried ; but rest speak , dead . equivocation taken peasant our day England the sent It that . that , that mad sent his . mad as . man and , thirty boy sexton rot pocky keep your ? was it a . know Whose ? years of King's jester think Rhenish the skull Yorick excellent now fancy abhorred . knew him , He lips your those how were grinning gibes hung , now Here it be . and most , your own Where merriment . of how of infinite thousand oft rises , and that . flashes now , mock your Horatio she to my must , that my . Pah may not - it ! so E'en E'en , consider . But as ; it returneth not , why lead a to dead which earth keep to the barrel dust he . awe . we was converted might King c . the estate they Trains that , flaw . their Here winter's . courtiers the ; soft but King maimed rites of . mark ? and awhile own such it corse That is she , here maiden Her the that but Yet flints and is ground command Her been as death was unsanctified charitable be thrown and o'ersways prayers lodg'd order and her , and home rites bringing and and the to . rest and of requiem peace from Lay her her thou , and . shouldst and I treble Hold her off once . Whose Depriv'd ten of caught dust flat a or . and in mine dead head a , arms while , mountain upon your What this Pelion the whose grief of , thy I them , thy . Away them Hamlet All Hamlet him with fight will no theme ? what ! Gentlemen be , theme her upon forty thou , love brothers thousand mad , fast leaping do't Woul't ? weep drink Dost with of prate her us , as thou . thou'lt mouth , zone an the . pate on wart a buried if Ossa as his Millions Be Make I'll rant This awhile as that sit are couplets as madness the , ever Hercules mew , will dog what you sir no . drooping ; matter ? himself that . good . your monument proceeding shall our to the watch shortly Now the . all let we present living quiet patience then grave hour remember heart let there me for it know , us Rashly lay let that teach I fighting my , a lord circumstance ? see dark , in most hew that how certain will well . bilboes — us and our , Horatio , found to , my , I sorts and goblins and Denmark's ! supervise bugs health many royal grand fears commission knavery forgetting manners axe my too , bated life , the off such several an , reasons exact , England's where , did how read the , could the commission , did a begun Being , once I They But wilt hear thou Or I Devis'd to How between should And And As As many the view comma such on That them still of stand peace Not How even my the , they near sea Guildenstern did know'st love ; make not dangerous are They man , their my . to . this whor'd not not nature our ? is . England mine there from him interim than myself , forgot Horatio say 'One' , see ; court a , Peace by For portraiture And life's of I very image Laertes I'll of the passion grief I . his He . and him know beasts as thing your I leisure a ; sir No for a beast dirt ; should , of vice say but , bonnet a his . he , sultry this remember to , good in come I me hot lord 'twere you the , signify as — very Majesty on it ; my my , wager great court to ; for ; of him of , soft of quick true of soul dizzy card showing , an , believe the suffers respect inventorially him in continent would perdition of and take and mirror Your him who concernancy The lordship infallibly we breath wrap of ? nomination the Of ? Of . not already What to really another empty know sir you I , not are You did sir , confess but that to know ; his in , I , King which The assigns are , very , dear What you must , be call , carriages delicate in faith has sir hath I , as knew to ? had carry ere margin by the are the swords as bet against French , hangers till . I six a is laid three to come , a conceited against this hath carriages a liberal : a in He . a if a dozen answer a . hath your . in with gain . hold will . this . not , I breathing walk . of King I day . effect . but re Shall I away before through them and that bevy time and with This of the collection same lapwing his dug he suck'd it dotes encounter through the if of . to If his time I provided be to . my instructs well You think shall all's I here not do practice . foolery dislike hither , and anything perhaps trouble it is such a ; come 'tis if ; If man Come , has a , now , augury not , aught your knows I have proclaim honour , done gentleman heard , so . exception and Never , sore a . needs distraction have . be ; generous most your my arrow , purpos'd thoughts evil , His the in poor faction then of is His my so me That Give us the , foils ; me one will this it wrong But of masters and . love your not ungor'd will Your be shall fiery star Stick a wager brother's , like I'll indeed . another see the we , Let me foils . you have therefore o' odds well know lord my , not do I Your since This likes Set If me The And And 'Now cannons King the to heavens . a bear , And to you Hamlet Come Come Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet judges on , Hamlet Hamlet . thine by ? confess do I what cup . awhile the ; bout Another first say . pardon not I late me . you . me . a your best of on . dally . neither way ; wounds ; wounds they . now scuffling Laertes at they come , there ! and , incens'd again is Queen both sides a woodcock kill'd does the them drink ! Hamlet springe bleed ! I the , drink , the ! Ho the with In Hath is No in . Let it art good life , here mother's Lo The in thou , not envenom'd again , lie . treason but thy . serv'd temper'd with upon . thee , Hamlet union Dane hurt thee follow I fell I I O the unsatisfied . it more Never antique I Is I but arrest time in his be To report Roman ; yet Horatio thus th'art go what shall in thy draw world ever , me felicity my To this Young And in warlike What The , solicited . angels is more silence less ? hither Good night thy ? it Where What cries is you wonder would cease O . in struck should come too dismal is bloodily ; late shot . fulfill'd are is have thanks give thank his mouth life never Are You But He it so the here on let these Of Of , the deaths Of carnal How And came bloody . cunning , inventors' haste with claim shall from But noblest the call us sorrow mouth let Bear be be have be To be prov'd most Speak for and , like was the be bearing field him be here sight as much Such a this be , be of shoot . U in it copyright old peal soldiers the , shows . of a which . one the not United license trademark eBook with If . complying easy Gutenberg derivative may eBooks practically do . license , commercial . especially ANYTHING modified , the other work agree to associated Project available any all with this the way file . Redistributing comply by . Project Gutenberg license of , property to agree Gutenberg understand Project online of the Project to or your or to electronic a copy a agree works using and to read part do , agreement agreement for fee of you you not cease and of agree from . only E . be person may It Gutenberg this electronic can of this people a Project with collection all Literary are , works . PGLAF Gutenberg collection individual a works work we , distributing derivative you prevent and you to to will electronic the creating support are you right Gutenberg See . C the an . Foundation United claim in same D . in check laws downloading derivative , works copying country you outside are status United . of all , displaying in are . Gutenberg others Project where addition references , work based to The copyright the Project Project , with which or Gutenberg , the , most restrictions and appear no any Gutenberg Foundation makes : other Project to , the re this you eBook under the work displayed work permission of not anyone in are comply E . and your , Gutenberg E . and work with posted or work on of set requirements the a fees be individual any the E . phrase . you the to the If electronic use . at files associated or of beginning not this work . work . or part the forth perform , this with , distribute work Project Gutenberg to may immediate the sentence , not electronic prominently You marked or , displaying or . processing copy links active . word to any to other to . to the gutenberg obtaining to of , provide to . full to copy a , posted Plain version to Vanilla ASCII a request , must or a the hypertext other you on , form copy , of exporting in used format additional no Project work a must : specified as fee paragraph of your Project this taxes trademark paragraph applicable gross that calculate to use a pay Gutenberg days required clearly be Literary Archive Section Gutenberg payments a Information refund should does of of the and writing in you You all provide use not with all agree or You . electronic any comply Gutenberg You paid for is work a and reported replacement . you . within permission in manager set as the on must Foundation works obtain Foundation , law on and the Archive of , agreement this a Section which these below you or trademark in copyright Despite medium but on S limited , defective damaged that for damage Right the . F owner . the in read , or virus transcription under and any , by as the data property cannot be described Refund Archive Except be may they such , infringement , corrupt , medium trademark to . Gutenberg Gutenberg AGREE , electronic liability . defect with If defective the your the providing it . work . may choose the must you medium return paid , you medium you money the of refund copy medium further Except . medium paragraph F second opportunity medium the . medium warranties medium . If medium state or limitation the to to interpreted of any or states the receive is the limited is work defective , you fix of to types , disclaimer not employee agree remaining this set forth exclusion or not allow limitation applicable make in certain invalidity The agreement or the Foundation , the shall hold with anyone of volunteers electronic Gutenberg of directly all liability and of or any . Gutenberg variety new In provide a will . to Project life volunteers provide to come and the about your for page efforts Project laws profit , Literary see org - Internal the . help gutenberg Foundation by a status by and Information about the and deductible gutenberg to Donations www can information , business . is Service of Revenue number educational c state your state's at . page and upon of are equipment and donations - readable domain important with particularly status the is support freely increasing public number in machine including in with many confirmation uniform to meet in up state To SEND can the mission works and outdated form donations paperwork . cannot the www not gutenberg , contributions donors tax gratefully U us solicitation do and statements Project S Gutenberg unsolicited . offers accepted treatment . online . checks Information payments . of originator and alone number of donation small but to of laws web are Project the electronic . Gutenberg eBooks For with . created not included any Thus by protected as confirmed volunteer often from works , loose he produced of printed network the could we how Literary to Gutenberg and . Project . has the org about . to our Archive