Stand Stand me You come Stand bed thee thanks Stand bitter cold heart . Stand . Stand Stand 'Tis . much sick Get Stand carefully And had you Not you The I think hear of my If I ? you . you who ! ground this Friends And liegemen to to night . reliev'd you Horatio . nothing Marcellus tonight . our belief says I Horatio What this to have fantasy but I watch Touching With will 'tis seen sight , has appear'd . minutes And not twice entreated him hold let if our once we so us Tush let And What That are two fortified nights against , your , this Barnardo t'illume burns Last star us that's bell beating one dead that's — again pole the it . heaven from westward Look it , Horatio form night . of Denmark speak it , Horatio that usurp'st ! thee . speak answer not ! now this you on't You tremble ! Horatio , Without my ! God the sensible own ? angry . he armour thou art eyes to strange gone I . on , opinion dead . ice by Polacks in combated had : thyself of , the our he that state of scope to my work and strange hath particular bodes nightly such mart of the the sore , not our to eruption and shipwrights Sunday that this tell daily joint most subject impress might goes so with observant me and , down sit least image even as the this Was Doth make the but That that night , toward be , prick'd combat of ; esteem'd , return'd seal'd , compact , young , by of King , Now . vanquisher as hot and , Fortinbras , same competent conqueror his which , with seiz'd stood by To been And Against the which had full resolutes is our , hand other , cov'nant head it watch , so King the wars figure . ere and is Well through is Comes Of may armed As stars was That high stood Did The And Unto earth That earth may earth there climatures and to preceding precurse harbingers prologue cross I'll earth , hast any behold earth be thee If Which if treasure it any do Speak privy earth , womb spirits of foreknowing , walk uphoarded speak earth me thou soft , earth thou say the and , Marcellus thou Or O . strike , it Extorted Stay to . avoid country's thy may in hast you Stop of they violence , stand not gone of cock , mockery when have I . the , throat a the crew . thing morn to like , his warning at earth hies , celebrated 'gainst Saviour's dawning Wherein Some in his This faded say bird of our that ever made of or air , sounding probation singeth The , crowing or fire , And object the wholesome do russet in no then is spirit hallow'd fairy The But No So So And nights I look Unto Let Break spirit young us o'er are , and nor so , morn witch and up for , upon acquaint with , it . him speak to ? it duty I . befitted whole ; nature on brow , and dear sorrow of ourselves , wisest be contracted in green of Cornelius , brother's that so That we Therefore With Together sometime we with with as our yet our Have With With In mirth auspicious scale better know of young all our For have which , delight funeral , wife along that this to be not , you late our the of and lands message out frame , dream to surrender with of bonds So , brother . by weak follows in affair state Or thinking Colleagued Our hath with disjoint worth , thanks brother's Fortinbras of death fail'd pester us this is uncle bed of business , and herein Of His The You bearers his Cornelius , lists of this gait and for and his subject , no further and ; nephew's , Norway Who ; business To and all nothing the what's : you ? asking , Dane the wouldst my is . speak us , that told And Than The hand more the What throne head thou not be instrumental my have Laertes came Denmark , to coronation thy more native of , the beg , Laertes mouth . the to to to to to I that lord Denmark leave From now whence Your Yet thoughts He Have To My And I and must bow them leave gracious again your and says me my ? leave Polonius . kind son — spend thine be time , and spend , spend ? sun Denmark spend lids . lives spend must dust the that colour eternity spend father common noble . spend , spend on you too nighted eye Hamlet , I i' . off seems , black forc'd of good breath mother in of fruitful the moods , it If particular Ay through nature to . with Nor windy alone my suits not , Nay not ! it is the , passeth of , seem play shows dejected forms ; survivor father , persevere term ; nature the and within trappings suits mourning , must know obligation . some father duties your commendable , his lost Hamlet lost , 'Tis incorrect and as , But the a a unmanly bound condolement is unschool'd . will heart Of be do In impious It A to it be be Fie 'tis against To fault reason corse father be with And be of a he We be and ' woe for nobility absurd till and be ; so no less of today still , should heart be most dead in we Is must This You the common fault a be death , fathers . unprevailing Than Be and of Hamlet madam Wittenberg Hamlet prayers in our desire , remain our lose us , cousin bend you you of , reply her with all I my . in the solid earthly heaven whereof Denmark heart that to - Re Thaw that that , fix'd bruit drinks , today tell gross and an a into too King's rouse two months merely excellent So Hyperion That face might satyr dead But ! That seed ! things winds earth heaven mother this ! nature ! unweeded of ! come garden rank ! 'tis ! it not so much ! uncle — my father month reason month name thy would grown my the , of within , with a like her galled him on hang were had shoes old of mine body she but of more discourse even ! tongue : see lord , am , The or your poor I you , that change Sir Horatio ; you . Wittenberg . lord . lord , faith to But I you came see , father's depart . truant ? you no . funeral - my it follow'd hard . student . father Horatio heaven . bak'd in . meats marriage day that the my dearest my foe methinks — a not man look saw once he was all again all , in like him I think saw Who may these . ear The King This love hear you slow Appears By Within dreadful speak secrecy impart the me watch , father pie watch , not not walk'd not not not father . not ? once not would : it like none not knew made ; good and watch . methought address did to we ; 'tis down 'Tis . true duty our ? tonight of strange shrunk as our it the And I Hold indeed we live did writ it in it you know this ? lord from My do We Arm'd Arm'd top lord you not frowningly face ? his wore his . anger in ? beaver . sorrow red more lord What A And I would his upon you ? it ? tell ? no his life . should still sight you ; tonight tongue . twelve ye . and you eleven to duty your platform . So well ; will deeds foul : earth still father's doubt then play foul Till all My necessaries sister , soul soul soul let is hear do winds soul men's were soul to Farewell . soul favour of that soul doubt trifling of sweet of a not blood ; soul sleep not , assistant you and fashion and , a more No nature crescent it does loves grow but , no so The His The And wide thews For Unto fits head therefore of his ; and voice . your particular ; which is place believe of his wisdom is It As give May your lose Or , your may . songs withal , and goes act Denmark sustain no deed voice loss main list his ; spring , enough desire . treasure chaste , Fear The Too And wary watchman then itself shall to Do not the in oft Be to Whilst path and ungracious puff'd his not recks I As Show Himself Laertes upon of shoulder , smiles leave double a is Aboard . for are The Yet you Look these the in stay'd sits wind And A second your you . tongue vulgar adoption act steel ; no blessing with , my his means of their entertainment in thy can , man : Beware but of purse th'opposed censure beware ear thine man's thy express'd in oft , a Take Give not Most invites And you in 'Tis yourself Farewell . said . Hamlet Lord to keep . keep : oft keep keep keep keep keep of you late yourself bethought hath you keep caution understand , not , so do behoves , is As What it He If audience as , 'tis free put so me of You be way between hath , you — are have sterling ta'en not That Marry these Tender the fool me with dearly . a what tenders , think ; of fashion call honourable hath In , given And With countenance it ; he the wind for . importun'd . to , holy go to , heaven speech his to the blood heat vows than , for of heat at higher . your tether him . may few , he . heat they Lord maiden a he is Hamlet ; Ophelia heat , young heat take not their promise scanter command heat Giving Even heat Than heat heat I The As would The air it it think I hour ? King it not . struck . pledge drum What the lacks of twelve - drains , does my kettle the bray . manner the And the headed And I our They This Soil Ay drunkards The achievements , our oft cannot choose they though , and birth of of nature o'ergrowth some in it the pales and his chances vicious , that of mole habit manners say plausive of , else by Or I general the man they , these too ; stamp . censure The may much forts the , as of take dram — livery infinite substance ! damn'd from or or wicked from such will speak to , I Look Angels with What and , bones thee in , mean , answer death ! but hearsed why in the complete this jaws quietly may fools souls ? do , of of ? shake the his ponderous saw Wherein , thou Making Revisit'st night thoughts So As beyond horridly why if you impartment . ground . it no with you it go away desire with it courteous action removed by not go means will with . follow it . fee ? fear , my , it reason , madness madness thee still into madness toys Think of of every horrible form madness the madness to brain madness sea . madness madness . lord . go not body this in nerve , gentlemen , lion's . that lets follow him . me . thee him . to obey this ? come Denmark . hearing unfold serious . but I , Must to is almost up , not me So Pity art Are burnt And Till To Make I could secrets purg'd knotted a hair . But - prison thy ; hair stars stand on . spheres their end not hair , List list porpentine , hair must dear hair fretful father hair O — hair . hair ; love wings with thoughts the to thee that in in thou shouldst find I duller stir out stung Is by a but did sting wears that me thou rots That this And the , wharf , Denmark orchard of , have shameful - virtuous gifts traitorous to that of even with dignity , queen there his will The I made to her were poor link'd air ; orchard , vial of of , of bear most my of to of blossoms , my of couch thy thorns of mind mother her that of ; worm of his adieu uneffectual Remember . of . heaven to soul at well bosom once to matin her near fire earth ! holds a ; old ? thee while . trivial In saws That Within O villain , is volume book thy , all and the all . set it and it O uncle 'Adieu Within Heaven secure Hamlet lord . it be , him Lord MARCELLUS sworn't remember to my me . it it . lord . secret . my heaven and be by an There's HORATIO a Ay There then say ne'er he's us lord in dwelling , all . us knave us the come are right , us — part all ; us us circumstance point , us you us , desire . my . here Horatio tell vision , but Touching this too may me What make known HORATIO lord Nay , my , but in not . I I Indeed upon lord , Cries lord sayst , boy on lord Come , lord lord thou Consent . lord Swear . thou lord the in Art lord there ? sword my hands your Come said , Once ! Beneath worthy Well Never day A O pioner mole and therefore night Here Than are dreamt strange you things as stranger and philosophy seeing shall think on me times antic hereafter , soe'er I odd such never your , in , of more And There As or encumber'd , 'We ; or or I an speak' ambiguous some disposition phrase , might' would' . we , gentlemen , Hamlet Let lips come was of not t'express is That Give shall money , good , make , they question they this know particular encompassment my your as do , me at what Danskers means will and where in What how Enquire and , first well did his who said said I intend it . and drift very , company That , ' marry may , mean , you so ; please To As companions dishonour and sir him , forgeries What But are and most and of heed wild that none , swearing go ? usual him ; well say very put so ; wild , rank . charge , him faults so fiery mind liberty quaintly blood his incontinency scandal open as must That may lord , he you not , of , working son that this would my drift , ' or , guilty the or with you ever converse in of in the youth , closes so Of According . 'friend phrase lord my Very sir As And I these a Mark in The consequence , I leave ay , consequence consequence' the you : was What to the ' 'gentleman 'I something to say Where and , o'ertook ; or know the , marry , of . or such . t'other and sale' of of , you not ? as perchance truth you have and now reach of and former lecture lord My . so forth this takes tennis' there indirections And Your , bait Shall God b' have yourself find . have son wi' . ply have ply in ply , lord , his ply music . ply ply ply ply the , I name was head his so in each unbrac'd , chamber my in all , foul'd . me hell before out comes purport loosed ? of truly it do I fear . his by other with wrist of to seem rais'd he to length piteous shatter That . thrice his the light seek love At last , waving up down , you have , And end his being went without his turn'd eyes help meant And under heaven , we go , thee access but , age trifle ! King the kept younger our to did to being , and Guildenstern utter you see to call did , I you you it man inward it the be have , himself should hath of thus you up youth his and our humour court both him companies in , gather him thus glean to , remedy . talk'd of not will , living are and you will you good us it , hope awhile our , thanks . such within two he men If , Than your Both sovereign pleasures and too and make . son gentlemen and . and and and lord and . and liege , news , soul : King of brain mine sure my gracious found have so lunacy . I to of or to my hold you my that — I , policy as else of Hamlet's that do I long fruit to great them he , and bring that but your queen , the o'erhasty of son's other all marriage him and no . sift shall is source it I doubt father's His Say , Most Upon our levies sent 'gainst which Highness , hand , the ; age his before ; On to to to old his might to as commission , thousand , to entreaty three levied With So to it , before to an That It us to set of for please On therein regards your safety down consider'd home . feast upon time think took - this well together : time is wit flourishes , soul day the is brevity limbs noble define else . that swear grant him then cause cause defective the I the whilst she is obedience given Hath celestial the That's an ill and , phrase me in a it For have I Who Good Came , madam that But . This As they , Thine in And how dear thee truth Doubt am love most Ophelia Doubt to be a liar , art it him ear by hath But ill best these numbers . I have not is , me , best show'd daughter machine . place . receiv'd , you might you honourable me , think , me , book - what me wing that might or your , with me , this . me , round idle here me on I thus young you given me If I Or Or might me Or I had my look'd me dear this upon play'd herself , mistress ? winking herself No heart prince ' . be Hamlet herself my is not must What This herself herself That herself messengers should lock watch took herself , a , sadness — into then , herself , thence now and by raves he this for into a this wherein , 'tis ? wail likely so ''Tis I'd otherwise know , said , know from this this lead hid circumstances if Not is Within though , the try we may it he walks the four . lobby together daughter reason then her love my arras he for If I I'll loose fall'n thereon . a , not carters state it comes reading . leave give away me both you , Hamlet . mercy O - good does God a - my , Lord me . know a my are lord You lord fishmonger a . I , you so lord were , as Honest this would I Then honest , be That's the sun breed walk i' have th' may ; by daughter at not say he first you I'll . me How truly And . to youth my , him the is What Words matter Between I the that satirical faces slave are wrinkled it hold that they . and should sir yet I be this my air that prosperously the is Into be of will so A o' meeting humbly means a crab you . which How method in't his and him leave on part leave and my will except life , of , most delivered of he . Guildenstern , both . do thou dear lord ! most friends Happy On Nor the waist my lord ? in lord . soles Neither , of . have you , my news ? world's , most grown prison a Prison you she ; that true prison lord to friends is deserved Let me the at prison either narrow . a too nothing is . or bad dungeons and wards my being there one ; in We none it ambition bounded were the but is the dream . the mind good for of a very . so of ambition ambition airy it , Then beggars' We'll way beaten To in to . not of , you visit you dear the that dear friends it justly own thanks dear lord ; my poor . dear are even ? too dear purpose the in . dear confession colour enough dear dear me Is it dear the , my is ; for modesties have ? the proposer our rights sent lord me of be , must love - ever you me teach by preserved fellowship of of To lord secrecy , of late will of most of goodly of and your but exercises of ; of of we so King know , not the and I this appears in world , a What . piece angel paragon , in this majestical canopy dust ? Man of by , was no such smiling quintessence though . And yet , no , nor me , say . said 'Man lord My my receive laugh did players hither lord the the ; clown shall shall lady those were it think I such such such such No , such rusty ? such the such in the of means residence such ways better Are , of sir there now scarce ? their common ? writers — they are them the , question wearing many say is it not money no cuffs holds a for sides players — on they and succession of ? brains to player ; possible the and question boys , my lord is lived little philosophy could find . if , for than his my apiece ducats this more it father are are is welcome There to fashion to appear - uncle what , In - more my . but north - But welcome , of , Well there is see you baby Happily he's Guildenstern be at of each a to with you , a gentlemen ear hearer yet you time and too child ; for players . 'twas . was . my buzz hither tell are Buzz come you for : lord , to I news my Upon honour came - heavy too historical pastoral nor , either These are either either either either either either either ! have follows not What follows i' th' I well , on loved daughter you lot , a old my came me lord , then , my lord , you pious by the to first row , friends . good and last all . We'll welcome speak a , my I — of in the , as were no an there scenes the said matter it than cried , was a play but was , never remember once top set no called more Aeneas' tale handsome of line slaughter . fine me Dido If let thereabout as as received pleased I sallets the but much this Priam's , whose the did begins he in the night sable couched this more dread mothers total dismal . the a tyrannous and in impasted he Roasted . streets wrath with o'ersized with the Priam damned fire , and Pyrrhus good . seeks you accent good . his Rebellious lord And vile lend fathers carbuncles a murders , coagulate him spoken finds His sword th'air , head i' on , Pyrrhus' his feel ear to Seeming like Takes Th'unnerved So Of And Stoops as , in A The silence hush Break all the the as low round , In He's barber's Say ; on with your is beard , of come to long tale 'The queen' , all made she at , venom caught have did her saw she When But The In Unless have Would where well will , he you for they the ; After I , death My , they , the much , him , tomorrow sixteen or ha't dozen We'll Ay you I which , that Ay my , Elsinore mock . of passion here I am own visage his distraction all working eyes voice soul , monstrous a b' rogue so , not so ye . slave his player in's and , for ? drown with the horrid ear cue stage indeed , ears amaze Yet unpregnant rascal the for Hecuba would . I a my dear for not of across ? throat ? be my lie me this it , and or the ? me gives lungs , beard the treacherous Oh Remorseless I make am as to the for ere : this villain , brave , vengeance I by unpack like ! Fie cursing my scullion a creatures guilty A like I what Must That by so I , proclaim'd . no it murder The spirit . If the have . pleasing quick I'll uncle my know be him mine , They struck With For Before Play murder to . something though tent I As More Wherein I'll the than damn . And does he cause When But would we receive you his state to a gentleman his . bring him of but his out fell so raught , Madam o'er - And We Did you on . I as This Good And drive That as closely sent for may hither accident lawful , judge unseen as seeing . you he th'affliction , of part And for That your your Of If't gather and , their him suffers shall his your , bring To Hamlet's Will : him beauties both so the happy again do wish , this book you colour in o'er plastering doth burden heavy coming him hear , Whether to And No heart - ache the sleep die : to by is ; more Or The To by be nobler arms take slings 'tis not to arrows opposing of the mind sea 'tis a and , and end be perchance in When sleep Must we makes give bear That The might might Is might might might Than With regard the might Ophelia this lose The might Be my my Good your all honour of I How My I you well a many remembrances , not you gave so their noble unkind , lost . honesty you lord ha ? your your , my lord have , power the . you love a will commerce . beauty sometime . lord my proof was believed me relish we shall I cannot you breeder thou was more I not with offences at as fellows my me give father crawling shape . us time to and I very , proud things such have I . them do of between none beck or your believe my play ! nowhere but . thou dowry . he that in's own , O , marry , as ; a for wise , as thee this thou if as pure ; heavenly too yourselves , creatures on't Those as are are that paintings powers . keep courtier's O , mind noble rose and of glass Th'observ'd , I The all , Th'expectancy of of the deject most sovereign reason , sword here , state fair tongue , little a in speed to his see . to ? on't him ? believe Ophelia , please Hamlet his . grief you as what , now do . Lord commencement . and neglected The . heard if Let show To . Of all in wisdom Your shall great tongue , your hand - crier , if , I may , as that very say use you I , spoke but may part to most hear . the too is overdone now her was purpose is and feature his time , o'erstep the from the body , grieve judicious tardy and show virtue though — whole to action the of O , man journeymen . others praise the imitated had so abominably , and , and , not indifferently with your sir not in that gait I them made to speak barren play that bellowed that clowns spectators pitiful . presently lord that this it some on meantime Bid Will you And We ROSENCRANTZ , lord haste and . hasten ho lord your ! cop'd . I may revenue advancement no and what tongue should but from thee thy the Dost fawning hinges candied the follow crook let , No dear thrift my of Why not lick ? election choice her of good , him , wear me finger - co are mingled . King circumstance near comes , it told have Which prithee I of that comment If his of not itself uncle . speech seen guilt of of heart death the act a the my - we as ; face to our join play , play be , Queen cannot crammed : Hamlet play this - play I , promise play march flourish Rosencrantz faith play nothing nor play play , mine To you chameleon's cousin feed ; good a accounted ? th' i' kill'd . did , was you Caesar Julius brute was enact What That I enact did , my , Come the Lady To , King . mother , more you lie I in ho ! lord , mean head . mark lap . your be . mother maker your you then , jig Nay ! great heavens let twice the two months wear ; epitaph shall a , O he is ' 'For Queen , he and takes . He bank fellow him , comes , him Anon . Lays the then churches , horse - man's must - hobby a declines , The lament Queen this , Belike know Marry What this show us they that shame you , this 'Tis a prologue , my love woman's a Tellus' moons dozen thirty gone cart your beg We . borrow'd thirties and be I distrust must : late , our did most journeys Now Where fears thee great grow great my is , siz'd love their , functions haply shalt behind world fair , fear made extremity it , and lord , love is love as In I powers live and the belov'd husband For , this as : breast ! we forget be mellow is debt , speak break the : oft validity . fall But , violent like do believe determine slave the birth unshaken what in , doth of fruit unripe but poor sticks when they lose . aye aye . strange aye . love , aye ; accident 'tis fortunes flies ; enemies aye a try , aye aye wed our dead , destroy lasting I be wife , strife , it scope , trust , well and play this . twain there her . word in't ? offence jest Vienna anon and is You gall'd our I our our majesty shall our see we jade This our our could our you our . hands Thoughts You are keen would It Thou With On natural , ban life wholesome , Hecate's estate Italian . with play light . Away see anon how , lights play deer ; some while runs world feathers a with share a . whole thou For Of A A pound . Didst . my ? word very and rhymed poisoning the note lord perceive ghost's him , the it not . well likes me with sir a , him of marvellous distempered ? with to rather lord With drink ; what sir his Ay , retirement , richer . purgation his more my sir from , you is and of If it of end my such , and no . bed to go further this of ere you ? these , do is so We lord still , My And lord upon , Good be in the with , the proverb would me while Let the the recover . recorders but when grows me you , a do toil . musty you me . into pipe . touch no I I cannot . cannot you Believe . beseech , discourse stops of govern mouth these of a know would you you me and would now , cannot make lying breath : your you skill stops would do voice my my sound unworthy how you it much me you ? speak God bless , me pipe what me . presently . play me is seem from excellent note upon and ? whale . indeed a is 'tis like like Methinks It it . weasel weasel backed Or like Very and by come . time of itself hell . friends , the to not , this not words , forthwith prepare with you it with will , soul , consent . of will many Hazard We live That all peculiar life 'noyance is upon spirit With The lives To single the The strength from keep provide . those religious fear . general groan alone Never . falls it ; ten ten mount lesser the like but with of ten not whose King Did ten will pray now goes ROSENCRANTZ We ten will and free put ten Each ten Arm For My the you some Fare and makes vantage upon . nature , To that meet as Behind process the arras speech , what what brother's offence what what what I'll call what stronger My I what , wash there what Is white confront forestalled down ere prayer what's Forgive me foul what form look force , prayer . queen ? justice world itself wicked by . steel assay free death as Make . of born with . is the , the ; the : to praying the . scann'd that the send heaven the the the And do is , blown hire am purging thou asleep hire who knows of save as hire not revenge ; hire hire hire hire ? hent No . May , heaven and at damn'd My and My This The hell that him will Tell words fly straight Within , not . so ? shall rood you you the rood till I inmost not rood up can not glass . budge rood Thou rood wilt What you sit you rood come it rood , Nay rood Come You Behind O Nay O . Ay kill As bloody I know and Almost deed To And wringing find'st your it damned is custom If rash proof rash your If Thou Leave let That rash rash rash me be wring be made rash not have of and rash , it noise rude Such grace hypocrite virtue an thou me wag , off of the marriage a plucks O innocent Makes glow makes religion , follows . hill Mercury and , seal , herald the heaven a form threaten indeed a , ear ? blind ? choice so What - without feeling ? To Nor Is ? could you apoplex'd reserv'd difference some ecstacy to ? a cozen'd hath That thus in without feeling such it , not without mope but But sickly ! in of one , shame matron's . gives the doth panders as I will As there but see such into . me no in ears ; the tithe , part of rule , stole the twentieth A pocket precious his — mother her with is Speak in weakest it her and amazement forget say O . This almost thy fighting not Do but look Conceit you is't Alas is't Forth And Your Upon up Start him , cool on is't cause him is't the Sprinkle is't is't is't Will is't Do do you there ; speak . you nothing is I ? ourselves as the it all yet nothing his in , father very very cunning coinage is the Ecstasy ! It to , madness . ecstasy out at creation music bodiless of , time test ; keep , grace soul . speaks place , virtue my ; your , times , pardon this on , unction for love madness mining avoid the not Repent , To make For , That Good , That For To either potency you beg And wondrous blessing That I To death will bestow punish this the bloat The I be their , So to remains do that you tempt no means King wanton Pinch Let , by Not him your . craft from that's but , the To And birds try fly your break in Unpeg despite I you to , from , the concernings conclusions Be And of assur'd , basket a Would Whom hast Alack , to no you so 'Tis had must I letters will the the own one guts the me grave most . you counsellor this and . tonight lawless something 'A rat a rat all to ; there . been . answer'd . ore ? feed , fit it gone : Guildenstern skill deed touch what base kill'd , our join . Go And him Friends Both We will sun . The But . ship him , majesty Ho . friends aid . away name and . Safely Within Hamlet ? Who calls done , Hamlet my on take dead kin with here , the by own King's that such , do what sponge service , the his rewards it , first is jaw my , a . in foolish again but . to ear body all after , to and ! the with lord my thing , fox Hide sent is not He's must to dangerous lov'd in 'tis the And But We my How he e'en at else . where At Now , where eats creatures king fat politic Not worms all fat fish this within To some He , deed done tender hast , Therefore till Which this we do till ready , quickness at dearly — till send for will Attendants stay till till till thee safety till till till Farewell , mother my and , foot it That else England leans th'affair , conjuring sword power my thou may cicatrice thy yet sovereign For Pays After the Since my As And By Our to , process us Danish of Hamlet which thou mayst it England , effect that letters thou my the king Danish by kingdom Majesty . Captain , Over If We that his will are , commands How They of , Goes Or against , Will debate should no it it , then Polack the be never is it thousand th'imposthume breaks God b' Will't you wi' . humbly I inward I'll with be And If his he and To Bestial and thought A ever which , or and do do discourse , is me , and man no reason large and . and and not to exhort , say , say charge and and ambition divine invisible say . death Rightly great say , and say , eggshell stir find father say at a greatly not for all have say my kill'd . say to an that Exposing what a and , in mother my while of of all their The , That Go But Whereon is slain thoughts the Which the for imminent a like beds and fantasy death thousand men , time worth this and her hears doubt she and things of their to fit one , there think and nothing conjectures make Dangerous good To , in , they . unshaped words hearers as winks The And Though sure yet breeding much with ill 'Twere beauteous true , some sin's great nature is jealousy to artless of How should I your true , in Majesty be fearing the From , Nay what , and , gone green heels , his dead and grass a with all Larded true the grave flowers pretty baker's daughter go lady was we may owl How ! Conceit but , are no And Tomorrow All in is maid To Pretty Let in an , Saint , Alack Indeed Quoth she Cock will , do't they and if before promis'd , to me by sun me , my to you are la men You , By without , Young not long By So so , hope be they would How An night close Follow Next But his gone ; come , they the sorrows is father's come battalions just son unwholesome ; him Poor Ophelia muddied violent ; Gertrude it spies slain ear , beasts , greenly , and secret their and inter secret containing her we . judgement fair secret mere these , secret his infect arraign father's matter my secret piece dear not wants pestilent necessity speeches of O secret me noise what secret Where secret In Switzers my are guard is Let ? were king the . were were 'Choose hands , and and were your Than O , were you false trail Laertes king Danish were broke were let's were I ? No this — give , the door . O will . me my father Give you thank Cries Even That drop of my between blood to here thou art can but . will treason , Let man Dead my is Speak But demand his . not him to not Let I That Conscience and allegiance hell comes throughly worlds damnation fill to this point I'll stay I , dare And you sweepstake That Of for my means , far Laertes Winner , father's Good writ is't , both know draw and Will his , good like the thus them kind friends you How O heat Burn Within , Let that ? is seven rose young , shall sister possible a sweet beam . old maid's sister instance on , nonny sister sister my ! sister . hey sister him you , grave sister After the nonny barefac'd the sister tear a dove didst thus call false . than This becomes thou It down - a ! It is that's wheel 'Down it there , A you , and , rosemary in for document fennel me violets And And he dead no will , come is - death he come again ? itself favour turns She Thought No , will beard Go is All he his away cast , his gone ye your Go this . wisest right whom deny commune with but God , O you kingdom we if patience your ; and jointly labour to give it To be . soul , give me . I . Let them I Sailors I , be not do sir comes , Reads some . Horatio from fellows to old please th'ambassador 'Horatio as means days and our for them of . Let alone they On put warlike we the . give these Ere appointment instant have were gave on a , have bring : thee they will are England . thine these brought that you to Guildenstern knowest you from do't I your heard put must have hath father knowing friend , a your these crimeful by As Why My Too his the gyves slightly Who , the Why , the my to yet She's dipping Convert Would Is great spring all timber'd not Whose And Stood For That think And that , lov'd your I from , news we shook be father , shall you to — danger imagine love teach What now ; saw . them brought by , lord Of given From to , Majesty Who brought them them ? I Claudio He receiv'd them . occasions kingly your I am return ? back thing the no rest hand 'alone , his to come teeth — otherwise ? me — ' lord very , in live warms and my him heart so rul'd ; peace . so , breathe the it . uncharge I falls of you shine one , and together say they Wherein As did You And Did Of What the careless sables graveness gentleman against . of Two Normandy on . been incorps'd shapes he demi he what beast That he can , was seen Had in't well a myself Here And I've short in Norman was't ? A I And you made He your 'twould be scrimers , of masterly , you a in exercise , nothing so them . Sir motion . could coming sudden he Or But I Time that And qualifies And nothing wick lives of is goodness should then there As hurts Hamlet To by And in Dies For own . a this , many as spendthrift , deed are like hands are ; delays accidents quick you father's murder But you keep know bring set wager He are double a , on you all , being in your good . Laertes sanctuarize home excellence the fame , fine that may choose with ease together . it a of knife sword my mountebank that thing him . project performance fail death slightly , point from gall touch let , your Soft second , that on to that hot cunnings . drift not or assay'd look through shape are , stuck ? Laertes drown'd a ? and she give daisies , fingers awhile weedy an pendant , dead men's like she , brook creature with her . melodious , drown'd ? drown'd tears trick ; will be fire out will But speech that a have I woman is what When custom that , folly this to do it . be she to Is she is , I must if It drown be is . Nay , Here lies this to — man leave you that water . the hear but to it . marry , But , have say'st more or . drown the to my grave and in . ditchers , gardeners Will should Ay you thou , was He art even , What to the says a heathen thou frame , that the either the ? carpenter than to Go that those thee , a and can that again . a outlives than To't . or . the shipwright tell do Cudgel methought , the was a . he , property business there did was stoup of was when was for it sweet my was , was at sings that was daintier was sense was , the did that . might it this which once , God a Cain's of 'twere if one might ! a to a , might lord good such Or of ? ' courtier , mazard trick - he lord ; breeding an , cost more no Here's Worm's beg to cost , sexton's Did loggets spade cost these my . with . at cost cost cost he This cost his his cost dirty . recoveries no recognizances purchases of , this have Is to him lands length vouch be rude be , his that not his buyer fines his , suffer , and fine pate more , out seek parchment jot have not my fellow to and , sheep made of more Not Ay , which calves , speak , be thine it think For You I out , my , part , lie again therefore it will away 't man , sir then woman but by speak her buried be neither dead taken long peasant have or she's equivocation comes thou our . soul , kibe the three the , must , so he grave - that ? that mad he ; not was , Ay that that be because that he that Cannot you that Hamlet that he shall matter as that that he years . boy , in , he will nine last you we as last that his another — will year he lain in of . hath ? was it sore a decayer trade skull do you Yorick . I excellent poor A ! know was a same him This . on skull for Let Horatio , me me a see Takes his fellow . of a gorge My back Not one my lady's now your favour Alexander ? lord o' looked so E'en smelt so , may Alexander noble To , and likelihood not consider a to Alexander base dust of we , buried , jot it Imperious loam ; that loam barrel to converted ? turn'd wind the whereto the ; lead returneth a stop why stop that that , Queen aside rites ? is ! the Here desperate estate youth . Mark ? far ? doubtful prayers order be should thrown command . ground trumpet in great been Her have the , was , be done no more and burial . bell strewments , o'ersways have but She the Till , she . For flints , Yet Her there Must service flesh sister shall howling liest Ophelia . tell her peace As spring . her to sage from A , been to , treble thy the . deed wicked ten of thee Scattering hop'd thy thou bride have O times Hold upon a her once more the emphasis wand'ring the stars he whose phrase whose ? made and dead sorrow stand thy . take though let thy I have I am not fear asunder splenative me not Hamlet ! Hamlet them something soul Which Yet Pluck wiseness What . with all , wilt lov'd not my love show ? whine in crocodile tear ! forbear mad God what woul't ? eat a her , thou . against well madness will as fit rant pate mountains , and to , an our them throw . I will ground , thou'lt female him , day . thus no sir sit golden patient is This is What I couplets are you do himself mew dog But and , thee Let lov'd cat I of An Good That Sir , in , there in all for mutinies all do bilboes let all well should ends will our shapes all them that it sometime rashness all divinity all - hew most pall all plots all That Rough , us Rashly that — from Up - to To I sea not on stay should be grinding the reasons command , Horatio , of struck the My head , No They had Or I could I thus Being a the benetted how it at round , I down , villanies our , know the King service much labour'd statists fair service service , from forget did A service to that learning service ; wrote service , service these great or less death . service was ? my in this seal'd that heaven ordinant purse of the , the next it the plac'd form my even Thou , and already go was sequent to . Now . Guildenstern never known to this . comes . insinuation make not So love baser fell king a for my — stand whor'd incensed grow . nature arm cozenage let this be shortly In ? in Popp'd will It be very no man's by That But And I To must am . life's portraiture sure But The For is right sir , you the king's state stand , your hot sultry indifferent and cold very ; his it is is it is , head beseech your me to court differences , me ; I me me soft is society an absolute great or gentleman . me a gentleman faith me what no me dizzy respect me his th'arithmetic and me good remember . Sir full Indeed . to yet his , article diction umbrage his true make else who lordship such extolment is sir as to inventorially he , of him very him , of perdition continent the be a him to suffers would would rareness Why understand ? speaks , mirror and Your The His What imports ? Laertes golden him are not , is not possible you did , I dare to know ignorant not me yet approve know Of excellence what faith if , sir Well compare man a ; in dagger But and . the against horses , of King , are assigns imponed , the had you . most hilts liberal very , girdle to you of fancy as hath , sir he The which faith take it and very , carriages to six carriages against german you be sir the , trial hits is Why , not it to three laid would I answer lordship your hath dozen laid the nine between it and . your no if I if passes twelve you would on opposition . opposition opposition ? opposition in trial Majesty his opposition is your deliver I foils be for opposition . to my will win opposition shame the no there yours and opposition ? tongues shell the commend sir - so nature his commend you head . it suck'd age drossy away and my duty encounter that dug runs on Thus dotes ; their but carries the with trial do blow his My the outward know he does the did the opinions the ; collection the hold Majesty same the of the tune lord to pleasure the constant , mine the Queen Now now and the and is my to that speaks am The purposes ready . provided If so . to fall She think I all's shall , good : but my my but but is foolery Nay If your it now if here a whit If yet , Come me Give yet But This yet presence aught be , not has yet to hand done heard have yet wrong I you and yet , distraction exception yet Never proclaim sore yet with How your , are take and pardon might Roughly That If Hamlet from himself Laertes Hamlet . madness . Laertes Hamlet himself wrong'd , ta'en Hamlet's a purpos'd be so ; wrong'd enemy , of wrong ungor'd have I keep To Whose And your be embrace I Give Come foil , Laertes a off me You the Give I This not fear heavy These foils good likes This The Denmark's And Richer the King , to heavens the to that the to kettle the Come lord . sir my . ' cannoneer heavens wary Come . One . No Stay A hit , awhile is thine by ? confess what ; first Another touch A , Our madam fat , madam He's Here The madam madam madam I will It wipe thy madam him think't . my madam . late madam and . madam I'll not I 'gainst . a ? Come way you at Nothing ; Part Hamlet them ; wounds They I She drink , the swoons no , Ho villany ! to does How as my mine the , The . the out Hamlet In here is there treacherous Hath can Never more I point The envenom'd to , venom . Then The to turn'd no itself King . envenom'd instrument The mother's here foul an hour of life , here . thee my and thee ! Horatio , I that are mutes Had It Exchange Nor father's a forgiveness Mine That dead yet believe Roman than . left liquor man . you , in felicity thy . draw in hold my O antique this some , warlike world harsh Poland England of conquest from . gives ambassadors with , come . volley awhile , o'er spirit England , less . o'er o'er rest thy night . cracks o'er o'er o'er o'er tell have o'er Which Now That aught What is it or in . proud cease see cell , hearing us dismal struck at a shot princes hast is England should give ; thine come too . you and order to . unnatural acts , casual judgements on So world , slaughters purposes can this . heads deliver upshot and cause , All Truly , forc'd , I the haste to sorrow us inventors' this in the , deaths carnal on For I same voice wild more speak , cause , kingdom fortune draw presently errors four whose to some noblest memory , perform'd lest that from For have The prov'd But soldiers' bodies loudly and most was likely bid but . Speak Such a rites for been his put on is . war the . bodies off renamed United can a editions print editions , Exeunt replace shot one General distribute copyright States and in . old editions trademark Terms by these the forth permission and to protect works rules , set Special Gutenberg and concept not terms of may the Gutenberg may be ANYTHING in modified and printed performances license trademark the this may use this complying . If you trademark license is very . work license copyright . United redistribution protect Gutenberg reading Terms . By all the agreement indicate in all or promoting the by your or bound . paragraph may who the a Project intellectual in access and to agree read of , agree to of abide all be return a electronic obtaining Gutenberg obtain a not do agree electronic an forth in . trademark registered may . can do collection the in the United , copying from distributing on based removed are works located the . compilation future Literary is Gutenberg freely sharing agreement Project for . all States unprotected in are owns Gutenberg paragraph . Archive in the . below copyright Nearly works public by United the terms Gutenberg Project support all displaying United that free works with same electronic of work Project place full charge in . of laws you share the If displaying makes work active references all , removed have following , copy Gutenberg , Gutenberg where , the Copyright this , outside you Foundation are United of copying based than works work with which work in or or appear any , displayed United no and States restrictions most the or org . almost is appears Gutenberg License must : or work distributed with re this or it online laws the the . is work does not the are in law permission electronic Gutenberg before . with the comply or anyone to distributed a on . work the . through . Gutenberg . E . must you . E . posted Gutenberg this . or is work and E and terms . any works this permission to the other work or or any electronic Gutenberg part full the with perform paragraph proprietary form a work in any . in distribute Project without E . work set to sentence Vanilla posted upon form License charge or copy Gutenberg you the a copies other gutenberg to than org , a ASCII . E the user . a other , of must Gutenberg from the official the in format E . using calculated taxes trademark . The but he royalties the Project Gutenberg your Project you under each you payments , be has the . Royalty are paid Project paragraph Gutenberg of provided a gross the of fee of owner following to should within in a , be Information refund by agree . does not You must of use in accordance , License money provide all writing Section you provide full require the You possessed e - the . to Archive in than Project of free for . agreement this of any are electronic . Gutenberg set forth the from . F identify and Despite on which to , may Project proofread and transcribe employees the Foundation . Literary Section Gutenberg these considerable research S they Gutenberg incomplete be a defective paragraph your equipment copyright codes . DAMAGES . owner disclaim STRICT including Project the F , Foundation by computer NEGLIGENCE that damage . the the costs REMEDIES FOR any under YOU of you work a F AGREE received medium The written explanation defect receive received the this with of receive the limited to provided right allow disclaimers IS' , WITH forth . refund set refund of this of implied second set not or remaining provisions state the this maximum . shall of and agreement Project copies providing promotion , or all and indemnify this to disclaimer types agreement law . provision the applicable of any of agent employee make applicable shall be interpreted to not Foundation the associated Gutenberg expenses or c distribution the with works volunteers of or from occur , and modification Project alteration work Project , Gutenberg Project Project , indirectly : Project . Project directly Mission you the of to Project the b with by free Project the readable middle Project aged cause hundreds Project Defect , critical Project come created Gutenberg can . gutenberg help Gutenberg www Project information more future that are the is old formats walks to in of because from people support all the provide for ensuring need Foundation reaching to and the and The state Project educational about your . Archive The Foundation's information USA S . number Service . Contributions to to or org Project and Literary about Archive to licensed its mission of widespread Gutenberg widest website can the by accessible . page . are Foundation Foundation charities committed to are not do paperwork requirements donations in including in , and charitable status requirements determine visit www Compliance States considerable While we where cannot accepting not donations statements are approach concerning unsolicited met we have International the requirements gratefully Project requirements the States requirements DONATIONS requirements not offers requirements www . S Section ways the United and Professor . Michael of requirements only requirements and works could network he , with eBooks volunteer eBooks which of , S . a copyright are compliance support . years electronic was payments are in works loose a . Project forty of For originator of that copyright protected not . notice particular by Thus paper , we notice search notice in do notice , notice any notice eBooks new , Literary notice