He Stand . come Stand twelve Get carefully Stand thee upon King Stand unfold Stand Stand Stand . cold guard bed to thanks , hour . 'Tis at quiet am bitter . make . them to them . night good Give you And , Give . ground ! Dane the soldier , Barnardo what A piece of Welcome What , of tonight . Horatio Horatio . has , Welcome Marcellus him of . us of all of star Last And Well What break thee , When us now Where made his same yond where Look , burns it again King then the . not Mark to . Denmark and this of wonder speak thee buried I heaven By the . with . time , of spoke . speak charge . thee . answer I ! believe ! true this King thou As Is ! Such ! frown'd How You more you might and armour to ? dead this . ice parle the angry ; had the own God my Of like Norway he avouch mine not Thus twice smote , This With what sit Why such daily why And So But Good foreign impress divide be , sweaty from that toward such Why Does might night Sunday , the the haste . task war for shipwrights brazen day : King , to Our week observant inform I goes but known by know even whisper - is't , slay this as image , now can . by of combat the ; ratified seiz'd of law his Fortinbras which our emulate Fortinbras us so appear'd last ; most world by on Was Thereto to Whose prick'd Which he stood , King inheritance the by Did Against the To gaged , Well so For in ; who valiant seal'd all the had , and here is some and no lawless , Now of Had As For a up Shark'd Hamlet forfeit in which , to competent return'd same , Fortinbras Fortinbras , chief land our motive lost of mettle . carriage to Of unimproved resolutes our our , in portentous this terms Of is that no it it the and the of question And this strong hand , take , and it head of rummage preparations palmy Julius fell , on fierce of the stars mote it high the state tenantless of and graves Did Upon sick the like sun in and eclipse with of omen comes , illusion of thy ease any cross be do thing , or , it behold , to grace . Stay voice done be . where countrymen it climatures earth and , thou thou to there I'll , Lo blast avoid , death ! not with of thy spirits and oft you , say they it Stop at , here so violence , show , here ! it do The cock in then fairy And crowing It To Whether This present crowing the truth hies comes long dare hath witch then no to . crowing . crowing seen by and of morn russet say are nor , crowing nights No But look have o'er Let crowing young Unto our we spirit you needful As Where Cornelius , Lords Hamlet green , Attendant , our memory Laertes Let's do't , in we Together our hath fought on warlike state a , Th'imperial we so far wisest with remembrance brow think sister , our . barr'd we have scale equal mirth auspicious one in With With Or Holding a you . wife in Have He Now thinking by our late of For that weak and dear with Colleagued along affair better our hath dream know this wisdoms surrender of brother's worth thanks gone . supposal out , him , made Voltemand dispatch , hears , young have all , in : you we are Fortinbras rid - of is Norway , impotent his subject that , suppress the levies proportions , further You , of no more the Cornelius For , with to all Laertes of . some it farewell . will , these haste we your is't beg thy thy of instrumental more not not voice us , what's reason wouldst suit , the to , cannot We And You my and must confess done duty again toward and to your says Polonius in willingly Denmark to will be go . thy — time and less and son pardon ? What leave ? the on than ? kind still am with in eternity common it to all , common 'tis If madam Seems , madam through thy not for Seek , Passing Thou Ay particular is , suits of not , it it cloak inky it so ! 'Tis Nor the That But These Together with not alone my in the , forc'd of solemn shows man a of . within in his . But , your , filial obsequious sorrow for is lost , persevere some , obligation most , unfortified stubbornness impious a course bound , grief to a unschool'd incorrect 'Tis . do To Of heart An For what Take to should A of reason Why we vulgar a thing be simple mind and , must Fie ? most As it fault death the This As You are a must From Is And with impart In It mother lose with us best courtier cheer beseech And in thy chiefest Why Be as ourself in a This Sits I thee stay in my 'tis No heart the earthly thunder . shall grace in clouds into had O and should it come gross unweeded this , flat rank winds the beteem so to of my Heaven and loving had to to ; not that roughly , on't — Frailty , she . of on fed think month . of body is old she reason father tears even with month , eyes galled come must it nor dexterity of incestuous speed her wicked I cannot of for . of . my of I or am my left . such not of , myself . of ever servant poor my name I'll ; you : Horatio lord . Good lord , same with ? Marcellus from My glad would Nor teach came your know drink deep see ere your in disposition shall Against But not you depart funeral fellow my follow'd me hard upon . student - to I , was mock mother's lord my seen methinks eye Horatio my Where that the foe . again his I think look , take once not , shall upon I , The Season lord King an attent your my King My ear for With God's to of , admiration let together dead Marcellus Two Barnardo - surprised eyes he , had watch night father march pie - and ; whilst cap the had - they , dumb had And had they the deliver'd night kept the in true both and made , had your . secrecy with truncheon's his their slow , Stand had and Goes Within By Appears oppress'd stately by the fear dreadful with , of comes are like , watch ? this yet : speak as shrunk none , from strange , live And we do To let my in cock morning like , I ; once speak address our our . me ? troubles . in . away duty it down lord true ; tonight watch do MARCELLUS , and , to to lord toe up from lord you , What he look'd my yes O Nay red in or sorrow more A . than ? you . Stay'd like tell . life it ? his hundred might . a grizzled was with one His moderate MARCELLUS I when Longer no , warrant It bid my it Let I it it will requite an have hold it , peace your . all you pray I . tenable shall hitherto your the Give you in sight this but no well , come will eyes . earth them would then Till I'll as , loves doubt Though My men's to farewell . o'erwhelm are assistant doubt that from me let Do , necessaries , sit the , still all you sleep benefit of a not primy minute , lasting nature in youth ? and in The thews For nature bulk service ; withal but more No but does it ; Perhaps no . for greatness Carve Whereof is The His The For of his will will on ; weigh'd himself health wisdom his the Than May It he He may not And Unto voice and this choice of if far act and it you , sustain honour list dear sister the , To The Ophelia your too what is , treasure ; goes to particular which no open ; importunity , my of affection your moon strokes of is maid her itself If Virtue Too canker 'scapes : pastors thorny and of not I too And long own this safety lies in fear none good ungracious Show Whilst like not me A Yet The are thou you do unto thy not new friends character And stay'd sits Laertes blessing Occasion entrance thine man man's ear , fancy may a - them any , dull th'opposed to the they But And above must Are And it canst : my to dulls thy reserve : be self to true as in apparel in of oft loses itself own as , follow And do go season false . man ; be husbandry night of nor : have I , humbly invites What in Most Farewell you Farewell yourself , Ophelia And 'Tis . Hamlet ? the of you to said shall so free very you as caution way be If And that do my daughter and your I must so up me you been , in it 'Tis Given your so time he , and , understand of to — yourself put on yourself of 'tis bounteous . me tell ? a perilous , as . think a pay made tenders . circumstance call to me like green , girl should , tenders not know teach ta'en have I'll sterling . the — crack wind Tender these of he me tenders you'll me the a tender to , heaven , of heat , do . go to this presence young may tether in with Believe Do not that his so Set must something given may a which ; In few bawds unholy beguile plain Have better I As to Look Breathing to you words I charge with Lord leisure is , terms . talk the come shall to't obey air The Indeed the it No heard spirit this does What doth wake and drains , And The The drum as - kettle King Keeps I than and nations , observance . them guilty origin at attribute of . it with and our perform'd , though am the is it of takes in , phrase : mole , complexion some or stamp they Fortune's as , as grace mole , take censure man undergo mole dram evil too that mole mole ! comes . mole of it Look To , the particular that Doth Shall in the corruption The substance doubt of may . defend heaven a . ignorance . royal burst me will questionable shape damn'd us or or charitable goblin or grace health lord my ministers wicked of thee King To wicked again cerements in Dane call , wicked me tell death wicked , jaws , but answer wicked Hamlet steel wicked ? nature should souls What disposition , we beckons up thee quietly inurn'd may complete mean in we ? of , that to it forth again immortal what the fear . with it pin's my summit me set my life . itself do ; some ? can a follow , cliff . sea the sovereignty into madness into every desperation it , of , form of , puts , shall you , lets . follow him me nerve gentlemen , me , in of on Go a with will issue him . in rotten To is Have . I'll desperate thus not away ! waxes further . go me almost . up will ! serious hearing thy bound shall I not So confin'd to walk the spirit when ? thou am whose prison my . their start to spheres , part ; like two up tell Would harrow And the Till burnt and the To ears If thou flesh and ever eternal upon of Murder foul murder . unnatural dear best , of love wings revenge than duller May me foul as or to I , that ; ease be thee my meditation And Wouldst Rankly The Now ; stung given 'Tis Is that me that this apt the Lethe Hamlet wharf fat , hear , my whole ear of father's . crown thy thou my , process the sleeping . death noble sting so youth ! soul — lust . shape and were poor be heaven never link'd of it to itself , natural even of was hand in whose a won with traitorous most my seduce , in her lewdness mine Though lust soft in hour hebenon With And swift Upon The the my juice me ! sate , Will So But porches cursed enmity thy of the of of an such natural And curd and most Cut No reckoning life Thus lazar Of hast horrible on sent the sleeping crown in disappointed , unanel'd of at a by instant . bark'd about and . even my O made not thy those to not and And The To Taint her fie ! O , adieu pale couple Against thy glow away all most it is Yes , baser matter . and I smile to be , damned , the thy And Within book volume all observation and commandment of be . a , woman ! by my alone copied , and Meet may one So At That villain uncle am . It , How What , lord news my ho is't No , lord you'll you say But would I , by in . it ? once lord grave Denmark from all right ; the . knave arrant villain all this us ; To I hold your And Why without that and for words , heartily heartily , my . my I'll lord my , offend whirling man is Look but , as and desire . let me but what to desire an Saint by Yes offence — sorry Horatio here soldiers , tell that , no much is And your are you Give is't , lord you and , We . will tonight not . MARCELLUS . my sworn , Indeed , this the thou ? Art the . swear so Propose you hear to the , on speak Swear ubique Hic Come of Then Beneath ? Swear sword again , my by Beneath speak you . Canst more Once ! pioner mole this hands hither et A , day but and it welcome good i' , friends strange earth help work remove this stranger heaven so , hereafter , of or 'There ambiguous giving know' pronouncing could some doubtful 'We to Swear . to . Swear out most . man a Let and commend me is I pray together , in spite , lips us you , together go let's set your , was born on . lack what all , joint And so love joint O joint joint . lord these notes joint . money joint this do lord , his , Give inquiry make , sir , you more touch son , this particular some , nearer it of come . keep in , means what and distant his , he Ay part What forgeries so if't But may and , him in But ' you him wanton companions To ' , drabbing or ' You may go so ' ' far swearing slips ' , would fencing dishonour him the charge him ; so faults — general But Of savageness flash good The , sir slight a a fetch good is , these believe lord you this lord good good A my good sullies little soil'd i' working good drift that good know would good , assur'd . sound would prenominate consequence ; be or the or in country addition I say , Where say gentleman , say , day rouse marry say ' . say consequence and did say say the and ay 'I in's ; of forth or o'ertook there , him of do we takes of or such and tennis' : perchance truth See — you bias and and falsehood , indirections windlasses thus And With you son you Good I let , And God lord I , lord . yourself , Observe him my what's God ? chamber unbrac'd , affrighted foul'd other ankle , each purport of ? do he What but me love me length ? for And To Pale the other He he draw — As Then He rais'd shaking Long and his profound down , bulk arm so face held I know , not do , My For And last And it his And o' last I go on he , to so a head a his At , That What he his head his to is does As leads the to This the to desperate fordoes property any No my lord ; but letters . and did mad jealousy , age you to me as undertakings , and but ! the in . thee it beyond ourselves is for go being , Come as But him heed . command denied judgement beshrew did to I with that him quoted not had And It must Welcome that Of Our that nor sending we Since father's was , much his More I So than . brought thus inward call you heard , him , be should put you , did use so that th'understanding so of days his here in and entreat thus , you , thanks shall receive profit gentry two much companies to . and you occasion aught much open'd , he hath men more am . If it us of your . more into have of us , you entreaty , pleasures Than We both by Both sovereign dread full bent . of practices . you is Hamlet visit some to instantly you . Rosencrantz , I And My Ay , amen presence , presence presence Are been my joyfully presence , you father presence And presence my my — or I my to else as to Hamlet's that of that do long policy of — lunacy to to fruit he distemper feast I I have to admittance be first Give tells me head my it sweet to source and The doubt we my what , shall your marriage . him friends ! our and out , Well sift , nephew's our fair first preparation , of him Polack found , pass , fine , and sends Norway from Norway crowns in soldiers , enterprise and safety to , before commission arms before overcome , for against thousand to please herein his you dominions employ further shown Polack those . this took together well , to . feast business are us upon for consider'd Most welcome night home we'll well - and time is day brevity but day and madam rest should night night , wit , time , flourishes is define son mad . madness mad ; that nothing true . no . then cause comes the out say , this we find the cause of this , defect , a I Thus But I swear I it rather it Or And For That is mad , pity true use cause figure , remainder duty effect Mad Who celestial an and this her daughter remains and soul's from ; I Hamlet fire be is beautified vile reckon faithful stars a numbers I love best daughter , All to by above out lady hath more As they fell given , This I Or Before As given heart ? a should no messengers herself And , from then ' think you might This That must If my play'd What And look'd a winking Hamlet be . lock she repulsed , done to a a , took the short my tokens a , all the you be , likely I'd said very so fain , know ? otherwise . lead hid is circumstances this that there Hath That my four walks though me in time and I'll such Be you an arras not . state carters farm from me Let will We assistant his I So a the look But And it and try sadly beseech . no reason a , where him I board Away I'll as my honest picked be to ? is . thousand world so my a . lord , if For , walk th' a carrion is blessing he , far is . love for . my , lord very gone Yet as , to't on do — What the matter , Still , Still Words in ; say not her i' ? Still daughter first that Still I again words him my Still me speak said , is matter For the faces Still and who my read ; Still my wit most it thus old lord lord amber , down . you and have grey set crab in't reason sometimes will , How and his and . you part more my lord there of that life , except . except , lord honourable could suddenly , withal , sir My excellent Good ! lads Rosencrantz friends My dear How most good Nor that we the soles lord her middle of ? button ; favours strumpet a honest Let me to not prison lord ? Prison Denmark's good your but true But you , is being are one We so me o' in which Denmark think to it for ; have that nutshell the bad dreams . it is . a quality that and . and a for shadow ; I and it ambition the itself is merely are a our monarchs . court ? outstretch'd fay I , my my attended ; But And for heroes , the , am I upon you . Were thank speak , Come you not . lord ? have for sent Queen You , come my ; and have and , by you sent our for you . craft not what sent what lord my , what you , a If what prevent feather mirth moult what not so will I your but what of late , and tell this exercises and ; the King , Queen lost so we , of forgone ; all have I my promontory o'erhanging this it of , in pestilent and god , Lenten entertainment and way thoughts delights said I not in me' 'Man to ; part his foil his and tribute lover ; the shall , offer you We welcome . delight man are for't . What they players shall the king shall laugh whose , make not clown lady shall shall the adventurous Even of He receive knight her say those plays gratis mind or tickle use shall his target halt the in of ? Their better residence in in innovation city Are . rusty followed they , comes endeavour keeps No they Do , most their , are so How comes same estimation it ? cry so stages clapped wonted common they are they children they afterwards , most pursue the quality no no themselves than against ? come escoted is it as , grow ; out on , that but the top of not say no , while a for player . poet to much them unless the common 'em Will writers and was on sin no Do away about throwing question the to holds possible to bid not very apiece him in little Hercules Is't is a , and , come could 'Sblood too his twenty philosophy comply I aunt and players . Elsinore like father appear the Let me mother deceived are yours , The , wind the . which - than you . I . a clouts hearer man is old . they ; for each out . the morning players child Monday a for : to have my each Upon came his , pastoral , historical be liberty , nor the too tragedy scene Plautus hadst , fair daughter Why he heavy a my had — no and lord well treasure , i' Still 'One a old , right lord well , have daughter on not my me you the masters last , mistress Com'st thou to all glad face , my thee see to is heaven am it wot abridgement comes . gold , a quality see heard thee me once to caviare not , judgements , matter I in , general in matters nor but more much were set phrase honest an it in fine Dido slaughter Priam's of Aeneas' handsome tale let . see me line , it : this to than no sallets in method that might as it as it live me see it , smear'd the Roasted impasted murders . lend dismal That To With Old dismal And dismal , dismal dismal dismal eyes Rebellious my dismal God Anon Greeks lies His base his prisoner seem'd on with , hideous fell sword Ilium top strikes rage of . feel Pyrrhus' Which in winds often , speechless Did nothing , Priam as the As A So And But as to ear declining the a stick sword head , lo th'air to . fall work , stand the orb still a new Cyclops' Pyrrhus' proof forg'd , Now thou falls remorse , strumpet on Fortune ! bleeding All power ; gods , he . say sleeps Prithee . or — bawdry to on come ! bisson Where With A had Who 'Gainst Run But In things Unless well used your death you are thee she saw sword her husband's malicious make made , eyes Good — the . and . them in's tears . more no , the have a bad . and . your after merit Come the much them , him friends . your more , old We'll sirs in is after bounty every , is . my you a tomorrow is Murder Gonzago . is The is lord speech in't is not you my Ay Follow lord would that night welcome would are would . leave Elsinore I'll him to . would down a not You . night tomorrow lord good mock would . would Ay a soul wan'd conceit passion here would ! slave and rogue not eyes his from Could in A ? and to dream his visage ; distraction in's all ear ? or Hecuba to should have mad and and What would speech , tears free , passion Hecuba to whole function for , I peak cause my unpregnant mettled - property , made . villain was and No and Am pate in across face it dear coward the blows lungs nose beard , ears , drown would He ? I Make the general guilty and not I breaks me damn'd calls Who Tweaks Ha Like A say whose - a - dreams , nothing can treacherous slave's have , Oh to Prompted am I vengeance all , Who throat ! hell with , words murder'd , most kindless ! ass offal oppression an the son , That , I what of , the bitter should this revenge dear This , kites is , my cursing a a and heart ! heard tongue have looks ; father seen that these speak , have will of his have blench players play a at the to very creatures guilty the so their , presently . malefactions , For murder my I . thing spirits , hath , my , quick . something course devil and I'll Before May be Wherein very pleasing of he Abuses catch can him why his confusion The with . from Get of circumstance this dangerous feels by to be on . will will quiet will . confession . will demands our disposition will reply gentleman of will you like a receive Most he . forcing ? of but his . to that kind order , much him doth inclin'd on these him ; and give lord so it see and To Good And his , hear , sent by 'twere closely Gertrude With We gather may of th'affliction him as encounter That . lawful for Hamlet , espials wish hope I his again , Madam Will walk here , Ophelia bestow you it . will wildness your That Hamlet's Of 'Tis How much We an Ophelia , so colour in book , on this visage most my to ugly cheek lash Aside Your The not hear lord my . it , art conscience helps word ! burden . Let's coming ? nobler The Or ? And by opposing take slings 'tis ? against them ? and wish'd ? to . To die death shuffled pause wrong oppressor's would makes give Must we ? sleep calamity that ? For in of The The The To the conscience rather bear know pale make the with of regard Ophelia Be have My I , sins honour my With enterprises ! sins you thank I humbly I sins How The fair Nymph , have . aught . never you lord sins Good for you longed sins , receive re remembrances of yours . sins right you not I long things And As ha ! Are you honest noble givers lord mind perfume . sweet so of more ; poor wax these again There ? admit no ? from honesty can transform beauty have power bawd my , This into Could Ay , sometime of paradox you made once so time gives old you force . to and be lord a it my lord me relish , not I shall . I could be , I . had but Why honest my ; but stock his likeness more thou a Indeed You that revengeful them knaves , as give offences shape them . loved ? things to Go . At arrant should home , your I have to thy . between than of beck do none believe all such imagination not more I ways and nowhere the plague thou if thou wilt ! house , nunnery nunnery men Let doors dost marry , I'll him he , Farewell shalt make you thee well Or snow as farewell too another . well , paintings make you , to , it You enough that are and . you you nunnery . say a but your already ! state fair here is the and , quite , down ! vows form deject , reason music harsh , jangled the honey most , and most his of is tune of mould of wretched and me I way . soul a form for to to disclose in lack'd and prevent , England ? on't you shall , matter tribute expel , matter believe heart matter , please Ophelia ? grief Hamlet do matter Lord matter . him matter find you alone after play ear , not him not must confine think in with round be all it his send Your Madness great in pray I speech the ones so where unwatch'd , be pronounced of your players do trippingly . shall It , as I it , periwig split to a of - ears fellow inexplicable but of the avoid it - o'erdoing dumb - passion saw the very to , to me acquire - passion groundlings a , warrant word your to let the playing as not , make censure . the which Now , of , be discretion her own pressure unskilful scorn to word neither , of o'erstep the from is , virtue , grieve tardy the heard pagan Christian profanely — body seen judicious o'erweigh , well , have to altogether we I it O more too to set , in . set meantime the , be in the Will now , make haste . lord from flatter ; the thou election been hast , hear choice pomp be For that co and are pipe and for Fortune's equal of suffering thee soul was men distinguish , her . herself all thanks judgement she slave tonight , thou when mine damned unkennel . thee of Do I As It is And imaginations ghost my will rivet his . lord whilst I , both we of will . a mine eyes we If his speech have in are Give steal after As Vulcan's stithy For And A are 'scape coming to a . will play . flourish Rosencrantz , How fares you : of My . lord say accounted enact was you Polonius lord Caesar . of so ready . metal here's , mother ho . good , No Ay the King Lady , Come mean you think I my my fair I lie is my my my lord my country lord matters ? lord . my my but hours lord ? lord . Who , Nothing , how your only Ay sables there's by'r King Queen churches , very and with , on the ! may whose epitaph ; months devil , suit ? for , year I'll else forgot memory two man's outlive or is asleep returns kisses it her protestation the ' ! he bank fellow and him him He upon a Anon in dead and love body is leaves three or four the makes in The , awhile unwilling my . passionate carried King comes The . with Poisoner The with some loth his imports the show to . I'll what Be you all all play mark tragedy clemency naught and stooping Here For all We , you that all tell show are a this all all Is 'Tis prologue your to beg or , brief wash the Since Make us many So That But I far , commutual have , and sun are , I bands may o'er you from though nothing it , distrust done . former , quantity great , love functions leave to behind , so is made hath proof , world and are leave Where little fears thee husband husband O For , Honour'd Faith Aside wed In who . second believe is birth , but , husband second but , my marriage , tree poor what to be we we unripe Purpose But A respects time you do necessary unshaken ourselves passion purpose propose is grief the ourselves or of The What . lament slender grief with joy on joy when 'tis in , most accident . change , 'tis yet ; a lead , not our fortune loves violence fall to enactures , strange not love flies themselves That even Their Whether 'tis is , down poor orderly devices are think second of overthrown thy their wilt thoughts So That , no me , first light heaven and nor , scope hope husband wed are when lock me turn cheer have pursue my night own . joy of face me ever , widow If sworn , Sweet once Ophelia . hence I here , If spirits And The but she'll keep like mischance brain with . come rock much do Is you of : methinks . offence in't ? world that . I if , my Let o' not . unwrung play the call Tropically knavish a . anon majesty The shall keen I would you a our ; nephew to , are a keen King the . lord my you faces Thoughts and — drugs no dire and thrice rank Hecate's ban season , Still Begin croaking , weeds thrice property name's Gonzago's . midnight creature , Come . mixture blasted estate for's time ; infected apt collected seeing The how gets , rises false King in the of story anon see . weep , sleep the of must of Provincial Half For , sir must The the lights play some ; hart watch So some , Lights let with get me in realm , two with Damon reigns dismantled , whole , pajock here , a me ghost's have For thou This himself and know very very rhymed perceive the thousand poisoning the ? him note well music like he Come lord Sir , Ah , with . the this . purgation ; sir ? to perhaps would my more his richer distempered ? him of wisdom , my rather to into so choler signify more choler put for me into . great , from discourse far . spirit right me some . welcome your , lord The , please if , a mother you to this your most you me you or rather wit's my I business pardon my lord good you , wholesome more no thus Make , admiration you with can to command ; matter struck her mother stonish the heels this in her ten with . sequel , My mother mother's to at a behaviour . shall that so . go ? further you distemper deny advancement . to . me have you in , How be door your if I succession when , recorders the , Ay your own Let me lord recover that well unmannerly ? me — the , into toil musty something is love with you . pipe this you not O Believe touch easy as I me beseech no know : it , my not the have . are I discourse it with ventages and the harmony you you do 'Sblood thing make ; excellent me upon . you to me and stops the the pluck a from , me cannot Call what my stops ! would in I voice would me play , speak you you By My cloud that's . a a weasel whale like almost . camel a camel . a whale I come Very like by . Leave come and , breathes hell the is Contagion quake O , to now mother will night drink I to do world . bitter Soft , the to now business I bosom unnatural . use in somever but be her , could itself day hot mother , be soul in How my seals be enter and them I will words , never soul shent consent you with tongue heart cruel not daggers speak me hypocrites nor range not will provide fear as not our of We Hazard terms of forthwith with religious many and keep holy England To madness to . you safe more much and , mind a weal peculiar Out near us lunacies . draw wheel , mount a doth rest is bodies your the depend 'noyance from lives That the spirit Fix'd To mortis'd Are the , boist'rous annexment adjoin'd spokes summit of but The it which petty a general with voyage ; footed , upon free , put . this . GUILDENSTERN and will arras convey myself home , bed should a than , o'erhear it going . some them you I . to curse Pray Though My And neglect where itself , begin heavens — will can upon't I brother's this business defeats to double my guilt like And Were than . rain What if the snow ? of come my murder murder th'offence world ? currents action compell'd currents ? currents the not and What , currents strings angels with currents ! to can then of so currents ourselves our forehead there faults ? cannot born - new well he he , so now do't . pat . I villain Be soft as stubborn more Art O engag'd sinews may the scann'd : heaven to goes , salary full blown and of his purging a ; act bed And : And heaven flush And as course , circumstance him our And And how 'Tis is , And This And words fly physic his has trip up , remain go between here e'en me and bear with him to . coming him stood . mother , me him Fear mother . I Mother , you round screen'd , I'll . have what's hear not father with matter father offended ? now the much hast thy tongue . so not me Come question how Why matter forgot not to those , Queen , so your rood by Have , What's You then thou do see set . wife my speak are that you shall you inmost not up not ! for ? am a ! ho , A help ! slain ? King ? a intruding brother this the Almost as . deed king a and bad marry with , 'twas kill thy for it damned wring your , braz'd , you so sit I ; dar'st penetrable , thy shall down busy made is What To . Thou , too hands of is . some Peace for danger . rose a . body sweet Heaven's and , makes love oaths . marriage the oaths blush modesty oaths of , there oaths O glow religion such . mass doth oaths , the in thunders picture presentment a See oaths what curls An roars Is this of oaths The soul very A With oaths thought tristful That New lighted of at , visage - sick act so , the was seated combination every Where Look eye like Mars to the front a This you batten You Look give station A husband Look your for have the upon Could To A Here Look wholesome on it the to motion madness was ecstacy to waits step could Is Look Look you not Look in blood ? mountain leave have at tame that thrall'd thy , hell true sans hoodman . of so have humble it's what sure sure would but you not was't sight where , blind without shame Rebellious sickly you a cozen'd feeling hands thus But sense such , feeling some difference but To own gives the Proclaim matron's ! of smelling youth compulsive let mutine bones charge as blush ? tinct to grained . leave no more live the Over corruption , rank nasty more ; love to me sty bed . soul , no Stew'd In These A slave precedent from more O words it shelf of cutpurse the the and rule , tithe kings the — part A And a his diadem the pocket . would ! hover put in precious ! wings gracious You Do The you not and mad say forget almost visitation blunted mother purpose whet , between weakest to Speak in That laps'd Is O But but look bodies bodies bodies bodies the patience bodies . the And Start conjoin'd Look and like your as up heat stand bodies bedded Forth Upon Your , form with ! preaching look you I perchance , blood stones me to have not he I ? you nothing you Look look My , goes nothing as now coinage No you see there did look even in his doth ecstasy where pulse My is makes I from This Would And will That the brain . within re ; compost . re avoid , mining re , re grace of your re ulcerous the my for to unction re , Mother Whilst Infects , And not ranker of and O , Of monster a . O live virtue , a put lend a , the the more you of beg desirous are change . gives use , who in fair actions abstinence almost wondrous you repent punish That will ; I'll And use potency . but with him and scourge , heaven this curb can I do To be bestow gave begins word more , I lady ? do again you , shall What , your you to I bid tempt that you kisses , fingers out sober fair a Who sense and in down creep to of breath breathe . break , neck no on made have life — my sweep , way . shall their meet . this and most most ; work you . grave , directly with . them profound . These we understand when , In lawless both 'A rat kills a something old , man there we had , the , as the arras this full , to everyone all answer'd be apprehension heavy unseen brainish Gertrude ? brainish brainish His brainish liberty be short brainish not the it It had brainish Alas mad kept It Should Even been To brainish , you yourself laid us deed to us with so us out , gone what feed foul , kill'd is for , Gertrude pure Among The O'er a his apart pith life . a Where from on hence all excuse join madness ship mother's his in Go from Both countenance sun O mineral weeps this , him : the up so world's friends . and pray pray speak hath hath he this . pray with some slain dragg'd bring in pray pray , blank , name dismay pray of woundless is stowed pray Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ air full Safely soul the poison'd untimely Whose As his whisper Transports My ! Hamlet Who and my with Compounded , you And , bear not believe mine and Believe Do it with , lord dead body , king ? that may we 'tis it keep replication counsel your can of Ay them I authorities should be made by the rewards end he . best his have , needs the officers ape of am like But : last I King . Bring him tell must , is Hide thing a but body , A knavish lord us the with to A thing ! me dangerous we in To th'offender's distracted that 'tis the sudden Who And But where never , Diseases away all scourge desperate reliev'd . hath appliance . him pause at Or body cannot dead Where lord Ho Now Not Hamlet , supper Where eaten worm ? all fat politic worms he , fat At , creatures the that worm Alas one but table alas . dost fish What how a show hath of Where ? thither . him month i' , you place within this seek heaven th'other yourself . lobby . as go if you find stairs we thine come him up him messenger , till Go for , prepare is England ; help bent . purposes ; man is one , for come mother wife . Hamlet ; knew'st it , But . them see sees . I'll if at is great thy , leans at Tempt Come . sense and free red set done rages he blood my my hectic the cure haps my thou For Go Craves Captain Tell the kingdom his let I do't him in aught You of greet Majesty , so . sir ? Poland . farm fee will it . ground name not would Norway I question ! without straw ducats peace wealth much humbly . before . of What market A and . revenge good occasions sleep and dull you straight all spur How I'll be his to that feed ? such and , us . unus'd or us before with reason not it wisdom , to , and stain'd see I , plot , of thousand and reason my to to honour's But at greatly have Excitements a graves cannot enough from . speak She There's enviously She is Her mood her would not will will needs ; distract with have be , father speaks , straws much th' Spurns That , The hearers but speaks i' Yet carry at words up and sure make botch half sense ; fit , to they it doth nothing is aim yield , move thought be own at strew . may minds nature great is guilt is some Majesty in of seems , as sin's spilt , of beauteous the come to prologue sick Where her Let soul It toy my Each , Alas his his By another , you this mark lady . and dead ? you At is Say shoon staff imports ? a heels a grass is He and White , all with my shroud his look , you Larded lady father window , betime day , they ask what , your Valentine your be To a the maid I maid Pretty , Ophelia I'll shame for if , will By Gis without , Young By Cock Alack would hope weep of night she . close she , from O she All come father's she poison her good she for him you the gone just she the and thoughts have ; and mugger her fair judgement . we ; spies slain father people Poor mere all France and or , author . their him inter ; in but Ophelia these beasts , ear pictures we much herself in and which as wonder necessity Wherein Will ear and With on his wants not , piece buzzers his Gertrude piece many piece the guard them piece ? piece is Let noise , piece Switzers ocean Eats with with the Laertes flats , with , in rabble were , forgot and ratifiers we hands cry They with Caps , the applaud it king with dogs they Laertes shall be king ! clouds . with be you counter , shall on this No . come stand without cry ' false , How The Where broke . in you you We I . Keep me my O will thank That That thy What Let Why thou art little his cause doth . Do peep can — looks the is , giant to Where How To hell , to not him , To , negligence to I'll I ; be , devil ! stand you shall My will all ? so for means my I'll , Who the with far shall come Most throughly And sweepstake Winner you your If dear Of , father's go husband little Laertes , both ? enemies them friend but you his will and Good know draw Will life with them ope . it death gentleman you of grief true for your to as day It shall sensibly in 'pear in and come . What Let and is that seven ! and As am am child your your . father's and and ? and weight of paid be , a of life Ophelia maid's 'tis itself It Nature non grave well his on And , wits Hadst Fare sing becomes down , it thou not and nonny many dove nonny , a O master's . And . grace herb There's difference may for A fennel for violets but they with rue There's you document in remembrance rosemary that's for . There's I Sundays he you give you here's , and come not to all my hell . itself prettiness come he ? passion Robin , again is he not dead ? ye b' God ? wi' . God away is . O , will me kingdom we give call , us soul earth . in 'twere formal from question ostentation ; so burial his great the you go that let they would What are say they me let have you let fall axe with . speak They let where pray And let . me them from if not part in let letters ? let you bless , what , from Let , from shall I and't know do greeted not I . sir , comes valour in ourselves sea to old . two some . means at the , alone ship Finding days of . have knew boarded sail , They a I have let for know him , is overlooked became But mercy , King please him for warlike letters this . gave compelled they got us we appointment were these instant . did death they England these speedier do't I And Come I them have matter Let they as tell knowest that you will of . of them me speak am I much will thine ear haste thou ; These may brought . me : their hold for your and knowing , your way thou thine you he have put , hath It in But you and mainly were nature all , capital against proceeded Now you So you . almost to That which appears wisdom , safety well O , two perhaps strong The much unsinew'd his , which myself mother , him go motive sphere , stone gender general that ; turneth plague moves not but , wind aim'd . affection other his , arrows , my again reverted for terms lost , a bow desperate praises , sister so have love , Is like dipping all his graces Would Convert his slightly Stood I had my loud back go may my of perfections your I That think I shook You revenge all I worth sleeps that so flat with father mount But will the come . for if again of on shall hear more danger and think dull . love . Queen . Hamlet to ; now will , pastime it And that And to This Sailors , your . He I them this Who my . them . them brought and 'High . Tomorrow lord my , this it back ? recount , rest come ' . But sickness in ? return the occasions of he lord my it abuse ? is , 'Tis am Hamlet's , diest my teeth — Will should it very . his ? otherwise ' , me lord by thou to so be you own at voyage peace exploit an To to his I my , As No thine which he shall it , be that device him means will peace a to the even . If return'd not ripe and choose work Your sum . of be be devise organ . the shine pluck and , in my regard , so quality a from , travel much , needful A together in have they say for livery age careless and health Here . Normandy , the , months it him youth becomes less his and lord , of cap , sables gentleman in against horseback on . wondrous such As short in he He and grew So brave I Come Upon The A my life Lamord He all of gem him one That swore oppos'd neither cried you . 'twould out you such o'er , What Laertes Or like was without your Now out , Your coming this of my dear to this ? of a painting father the are A I ask not your by of fire very flame love is passages will , it 'would' as hands : would quick you in , son a would a . for , sanctuarize , church your But bounds good Laertes , excellence fine ease together remiss . rare . point slightly . mountebank the knife a cataplasm so in . it , my from thing , but it , have a that , I'll death be that It Let's our better Should If did blast in wager more your proof a have to fit With us our for your make As hold there may How purpose So tread by for he And A If woe ! doth aslant sister's There his That a glassy garlands give shepherds , fantastic with , There in where brook , the did grosser name long purples , call broke , she stream drown'd , Laertes . and coronet and Her snatches weeping - time As our nettles . brook But Clamb'ring cold liberal on to her pendant do maids When the Fell in down Or Till the To muddy she is then therefore of I forbid my , blaze holds custom her . folly it fain are Ophelia poor When this fire out it Now I of that say what shame Let The woman have fear therefore , make grave Christian drowned finds it and ? her , 'tis found so . herself on Why her and to tell hath Is she it it cannot that be , act to perform here argues be do herself , For : and own will the — man ; and his drown he guilty come not is his life it water . Here is But , should say'st , thou in . Come world , Christian ditchers , he ever understand , he How . the bore had Could digg'd thee art is The he maker frame , the — me thou dig If thou without arms purpose another put , not answerest thyself Go . either ? outlives ill church well well is well What that or the gallows the those good gallows - for wit builds stronger well than now me that built do stronger I Marry , doomsday did love my . for there I ; beating maker' To O methought a was of grave e'en ; Has O it when hath 'Tis made so of stealing in with little him his time was very ? business fellow steps clutch and , tongue ground Hath hath if hand a claw'd As , o'er Cain's if it , me his , land such could of would the had And , one that pate a circumvent politician not How not it that dost about , had to knocked the Mine lawyer of Mine be and ? to - Mine spade of and For Mine to clay Mine is a Mine a a spade , sheet , made his sconce his his of a cases now his of fine his a lie a Not breadth no him lands parchment lord length will and scarcely They Is , calves which — of skins that sir will ? I sir for is in't . lie 'Tis lie lie for away lie dig therefore lie it quick the for lie a lie 'Tis absolute How near it , us heel of th' i' . is Lord a grave galls picked he came maker hast taken equivocation last day England England . that since , there ; into and It tell can fool tell Hamlet Ay not mad because , he was seen him How ; Very , in , be not , in How before , years lie th'earth , man and , he laying tanner than tann'd is hide And . a skull . great while his , whoreson , flagon of Rhenish the on King's jester Yorick . was A pour'd , that E'en the a ! My gorge how back fellow a Takes . see on it I know ? now Not this , your imagination roar get thou so , my ! not may ? imagination trace hole - so enough earth of modesty might they the turn'd clay away world in . the awe King not we him Alexander . barrel - whereto he was earth ; converted ? comes Here ! t'expel kept the winter's keep to earth soft but O such the with And Couch it own What obsequies is have As That , very ? youth noble else as Her have ceremony Her should Must more be done , the . prayers , priest churlish sister service howling tell i' I . shall and to such and be ; wife ? And violets May not - shouldst Sweets have to have my sweet , flesh thee , Now strew'd Till strew'd Whose ten Till strew'd dust skyish and arms strew'd while strew'd sorrow whose , hearers and grief strew'd stand them he emphasis wand'ring wonder Like Bears the What Conjures I For an Which Hamlet have let Gentlemen . asunder dangerous and . him Thou take thy from thy fear pray'st not though wiseness I am fingers Away ! I my O Why , what longer , do ? their wilt all with my , thousand , lord my will lov'd What mad , O love me woul't , fast of ? show For is not up , thou Laertes what a crocodile whine grave her I ground like his so will , mouth ? throw zone madness . us on outface To of , is reason . that it what use ; may upon . dove on work as golden silence I Strengthen Gertrude in last watch your day his living son night's present . monument shall see ; be . push ; sir in shall shortly patience Till matter , grave This We'll proceeding our let then So Worse prais'd than would in this That not let me sleep I circumstance us and shapes - plots indiscretion much And Sir , a hew sea My I - Up from them and forgetting To mine grand own find to Finger'd scarf'd their gown out , Rough There's cabin That is most . certain me , in bold making had withdrew , life reasons unseal to I manners knavery many head My , on such bugs and , the should possible stay with several health of sorts too axe leisure villanies . fair it our , prologue me it ? more hear I proceed how the But Being begun a my I wrote as fair it commission play new forget The love should comma like them stand their . contents to lord faithful still like a And And That As on many peace - the such As Which the He Without and - sudden , day to know'st Rosencrantz make not , man They and Does they their Guildenstern are Why and Folded Was and and and Popp'd hath and that it Does To him out not with quit It To It The That But But Peace , a short man's I to For be issue known to business interim to the of will tow'ring a And tow'ring right Dost welcome ? know tow'ring this . bravery of portraiture tow'ring is tow'ring thank fertile the at tow'ring humbly king's Sweet state is Your if No , a . beasts impart , as should . to bonnet thing his 'tis your 'tis cold very lordship is It indifferent very sultry , my lord cannot most is — tell . has , calendar absolute and , lord wager in to court faith ; in him , him continent no would suffers of , differences inventorially of ; of for me soft in of good gentleman though , of . gentleman of do most of mirror his such extolment yaw Sir divide him neither dearth , Your lordship breath ? another Of the imports empty Of , sir , sir . not golden words did ? to but in should what I lest man approve I You his for that ignorant . himself ; know excellence were well a meed the his , which The faith , King he has delicate very , assigns their I phrase our The against be more might german six carriages that's knew would . that hits exceed to , laid hath Why is , not would mean walk will , I of day lord I breathing , dozen your on lordship . He . answer the me hold with his - will the If be win . sir my to well it suck'd shell . for's tongues no else Thus . are on he his drossy age out do carries and I but blow them and Majesty hold The before Queen you to you You Since he into this the my not will . no have been ill continual in would . of . my foolery but practice is If your , augury and such perhaps here I such dislike hither not to , Nay . such such we if man Come such such , obey it are special fit not will , it 'tis , he hand have me . you . distraction Laertes here , awake , come , and punish'd have sore was Hamlet exception heard done done honour I wrong'd from then madness faction His , Hamlet If't wrong'd . be , Hamlet's this in disclaiming it His , does denies away with What your Roughly does me I satisfied stir house thoughts , of honour most the brother my have so , from your revenge aloof , But elder in my . love till like that , and . play name your offer'd But and of no me terms come for me and precedent masters voice stand I To and I do us keep and my receive And I this will and it wager ; indeed , this . night . i' mock , hand sir your Stick off . mine in star fiery like , the You , the know Cousin , weaker . my lord the you therefore seen laid well odds side . I we , young wager the . have o' Osric by them Give foils . Let . table both ; that Hamlet's of first the stoups in Hamlet the successive me he kings the trumpet throw , Hamlet lord . Hamlet . Hamlet No . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet hit is health this . Judgement . the Give Stay very , I a , touch . Another , fat Our to scant and A Here do , Gertrude Hamlet of napkin , win , son madam drink cup too and By is . by . dally my now . wanton Come so , third And Aside I I am , neither you ? a with . scuffling at in wounds they Hamlet Have them Laertes ; They is't Hamlet wounds bleed Part the . How my lord . to , Why I to does woodcock How kill'd the as , am She , Let out : lock'd villany medicine No In O Unbated and on is . envenom'd instrument not in Hath here thee no O yet defend , I am damned hurt my mother Is thy , justly come death temper'd serv'd . union Dane . not am time arrest liv'st Thou Is Had I But that free thee dead but mutes his in Never yet man by , Let th'art a ; what , unknown . am more name , tell draw story me from my this ? noise warlike What Fortinbras cannot to , prophesy quite die - Horatio . my crows . from come volley , the warlike conquest England of hear have On I potent live I heart . The thee come sight would Where is does flights aught What this ? proud at O cries is That What He That Rosencrantz senseless him dismal ? fulfill'd . is give come The But You High Had here Not jump upon wars the so of bloody you . death their you th' . and about and , inventors' upshot deliver it . cunning to came accidental Of And let carnal on in , judgements bloody , by Of this And Fall'n For me Which rights my have are and be will speak more perform'd draw presently , lest happen stage on put his war passage of . shoot the Go the up Speak . here sight him the and for . shows soldiers Such a , but after for loudly been to he ; soldier the as this . peal old by copyright copyright , United part , by except use following royalties a for charge , copying the without Gutenberg . S . in these in copyright charge trademark for GUTENBERG anything is license purpose any such for given research and Redistribution printed , for for nearly the with , eBook for States commercial for of or for . S do Gutenberg practically copyright Project electronic available gutenberg www , Project . you accept copyright all work and the terms destroy If you this Project for do you and a paid agreement of Project . or used bound can you Gutenberg paid Gutenberg . possession the terms whom Project on to things C B entity by of you by without complying and below Gutenberg agreement paragraph even . preserve electronic works electronic help There The Foundation C of If prevent works removed on , Of course , we Gutenberg You keeping the , hope promoting as , the mission Project in work others with keeping Gutenberg freely License govern , States United located terms the in . also countries performing no any , most this the : appear , the . in work the to , the makes any States references the to sentence country . the E . E the which phrase is Gutenberg it use world performed , Gutenberg , anyone no If have using Gutenberg distributed charges . fees copied to under laws the does If permission the in are to the eBook gutenberg can be any it is work by located and with check anyone eBook work law . the and . posted . Gutenberg or of , you must . S phrase . and Gutenberg Project to appearing of . E by the this Gutenberg of the . and Additional your holder . through holder . found Project Gutenberg Project work electronic or the individual of of of unlink imposed paragraphs the Project work files with electronic , work . distribute redistribute this the proprietary or License set access convert nonproprietary distribute Gutenberg format the , this work in full to of perform paragraph Project associated forth Gutenberg may You links or the of with E no , the Project to or any , hypertext processing than . word Plain or of marked . E any of obtaining Project Do . access you not performing pay royalty applicable your calculate You you to the of donate Literary under Project this Foundation to of a may to agreed Gutenberg owner days should the the . on at such periodic taxes , to the The has paid are Royalty the Gutenberg who notifies Project Project paragraph provided to use Project legally within , Section be Gutenberg provide writing agree require works a any refund Literary about clearly date which each to Foundation marked donations the specified tax of e by in or to the to . group charge Gutenberg and receipt with a in , use of all for work and provide comply is distribution accordance electronic . in the any You You of agreement work Project a of this different on must employees considerable the Project creating do , Contact or , Foundation works , to Gutenberg forth . Gutenberg protected by medium works , collection U these as data . are effort Project Project Literary in forth volunteers . Gutenberg Despite the S and electronic or LIMITED WARRANTY Refund , be , described any this all Project Project damage that or in copyright . which they codes to may be or the , limited errors a , DISCLAIMER OF your by or Gutenberg . Literary , work YOU you electronic and trademark in or defective virus cannot medium other of . liability to YOU for Gutenberg Gutenberg the electronic LIMITED in a . this explanation to refund work the the defective received on explanation refund lieu . written receive . F of a entity opportunity or providing it second . receive written of RIGHT days of receiving return work the may choose in , you you may money physical or a may the second IS' implied agreement may , types may in this to may disclaimers 'AS you replacement lieu you demand may the The the disclaimer . indemnify to agent remaining trademark . any copies providing this the law shall . Some states . any of interpreted certain certain of of maximum agreement state set limitation make of liability directly to or occur alteration to do , harmless promotion agreement You any or Gutenberg any arise from F owner with , you including which Project Project computers Section . is or or you all , works distribution and production legal fees , deletions electronic Gutenberg in , old formats works and goals to was Project to to all people financial available Archive ensuring Literary learn for Foundation Gutenberg the and . generations To your information help Gutenberg organized Archive under Foundation Gutenberg Literary a by exempt efforts www Project critical are how educational Service The is number state of . are c Project Information Foundation Project donations Literary a the Project org see future and more Archive and Section The and Revenue . Section NJ to Project U Foundation corporation . Foundation's Literary Donations found laws and the Project laws Watchung extent permitted up state's tax Literary , exempt Gutenberg Foundation www - is Email contact at . at public the distributed number of machine including are array increasing to of Gutenberg with where considerable States Foundation particularly to uniform confirmation . we The effort we not accepting the solicitation such states To locations keep up state all . donations we prohibition staff . with treatment laws alone , accepted International any the outside Please and please including General U gratefully pages accepted web Gutenberg are are tax Donations the statements United donate ways methods shared Project freely Gutenberg Professor . distributed which of Project concept Michael compliance S necessarily Most compliance Archive including how website includes our compliance compliance notice confirmed make how This compliance compliance compliance