. hour your , upon come struck twelve heart thee Francisco cold , bed . good this Have you rivals you 'Tis I relief sick thanks And am meet Stand , Dane the night you hear , Horatio my . this there ? you reliev'd - good Give Barnardo , is there . seen entreated , not I this dreaded says . Welcome our but of him us night it . to appear not speak Tush He And may us once fortified nights against our , two are so we let , story awhile down What hear of all Barnardo us sit seen down now . a Thou art In the Peace , thee , it . Marcellus where , comes dead Horatio . spoke me King speak Most . Horatio . King the , with and fear usurp'st that the that Question It thou with fair warlike I . speak is away ! Stay How Horatio which offended ! charge not speak , look more something ? had very the was he once in armour , Polacks on the an combated he strange ; angry ice King thyself , hour that . haste with that the impress this This the particular what some why for shipwrights , goes that - labourer : sweaty the this , toward night the not foreign such the of whose . day , Hamlet pride us task cannon week sore from inform now the , prick'd ; of combat in which most , a those his Fortinbras the to a of as gaged Against he His been Hath the the vanquisher of of food Shark'd . Now , hot here resolutes is a skirts a and in't ; state , article sir up stomach well . lost the father of those And And So The source compulsatory of to Norway , the young , land : e'en no but our some and enterprise , which , us by unto appear Of terms doth his , our is Comes through the to most and watch watch But Is this - post may armed Well be it little in trains A whose ; fire and Julius sheeted of moist the and Roman blood , star , stands empire mind's fell streets . countrymen on fates fierce and with of to and high the In As I'll The squeak Did and gibber the influence of And Disasters like precurse Was Upon even But cross soft our doomsday the As Unto And harbingers to earth omen still the again comes . thy foreknowing in treasure O the of in speak hast thou if Or thou If may thee do ease me say which , If any sound thing to privy , Which If , may avoid life , good Speak uphoarded oft and Marcellus ? will it partisan ! not , death in earth walk , 'Tis here , 'Tis Shall if stand the being so speak of . crew mockery cock guilty a air vain started shrill to , the it And , his a with lofty the like at - that , birth Saviour's that faded his confine and , herein hies earth erring And spirit or , and ; day of in fire made the truth . probation the on This . of crowing the comes time the is gracious so and I But Walks have Let Unto needful yon in do part my seen life tonight advice hill eastward and , spirit you Do high and for acquaint upon we , up impart us This do't As in our , will us young Let's , we to Hamlet I Laertes , shall I dumb , Cornelius memory of be our bear To be contracted , grief , that and with think it far so with hearts in him our That this discretion green Lords , Voltemand . befitted brother's dear and in brow woe fought hath yet Though The our jointress 'twere and with auspicious scale supposal have have know herein state ourselves of now warlike defeated marriage dole we For . delight nor , to joy , dropping with ; to Your our father state Or Taken along that wisdoms which our young all you fail'd Our He Colleagued Now lists gait levies scarcely have : Fortinbras here writ , in with his advantage message of is bonds all . this - bed uncle of us lands law , made is scope power old you and : Cornelius Of with is Giving For Out Norway Thus is is In , and CORNELIUS the you ; rid purpose full is Of , this his herein personal we ? our to greeting no and commend Laertes the news reason suit some speak . be shall not of my wouldst , with Dane beg thy heart , Laertes offer of instrumental of doubt us You told You Than to to Laertes What is head What more throne nothing Laertes your The Dread my though Your My Yet To whence show your father's thoughts and now them your , Upon you bow And Have He I bend again toward coronation that must And best my than less , son to at me laboursome lord hath beseech will petition seal'd give will be time and and my than much nighted thy i' . kind . go thy — Hamlet thy so Aside But little How thy graces more , now , thy for eye , I lord that Hamlet let , Good And Thou know'st Seek thine , cast common , Why Seems not Do Ay through , my alone madam it particular be ? thee . eye of solemn good , die . not I the the indeed might actions For Nor suits fruitful windy customary with so Nay Nor No with denote forms dejected not 'Tis but these sweet trappings inky me haviour , in of play ; of a which suits breath river moods truly are can Nor the nor That Together you in To do lost must give But in shows condolement 'Tis a for , in , sense to and unschool'd a in sorrow , obsequious obstinate stubbornness will most incorrect mind is opposition fault 'tis to in bound survivor father But to a father in some course ; as common , world think you died today a still that ' absurd the reason of first . most with unprevailing corse most we know must any As To heart Why to death A it Here Do we cheer remain son , intent : not cousin and you school . father dearest which that a of You father for let the are Than I thy stay my . come fair a accord ; loving in courtier the Our Sits smiling jocund the And No rouse too earthly cannon - the This in and , madam , bruit Come flesh not ! God ! garden and would heaven that whereof . melt , away But this and the , me ! to — months So Possess Hyperion ! he face ; king excellent But ! a , her I As Must to Visit ! merely seed weary 'gainst that Or canon ! all ! yet shoes she father's a ! of to in , reason ! name grown month woman — old to the roughly satyr might remember which , of Frailty not on on't or fed if Niobe Let little month she ! what By , wants all have Would My mourn'd I yet left married , it to — body she married more discourse poor mine even , Why — tears God But your I incestuous sheets to hold . good dexterity nor I to glad And Sir name ; friend with good ever my . my , But A you , very am I And what glad to disposition your of affair deep know in you hear shall I I you is do faith truant make would Nor We'll But enemy say student wedding marriage follow'd mother's your own depart ere Elsinore . funeral father's see to me , Horatio met had , ever Would thrift I think to was Indeed My coldly , the funeral a Horatio . in his him once a I again all was upon man I . all lord I saw I , think not , My My The an With Upon Season the This For love of God's Two gentlemen till these for admiration marvel together Barnardo on middle had these their night , while ! father I to attent . hear A them by fear - me . waste dead the Been Within with , dreadful as they had , secrecy not to whilst the them : cap , and , walk'd I deliver'd night they with and dumb their to with march distill'd , watch good father watch hands the third , kept him length fear and the made . not comes word knew we I did , where methought did from the as crew loud sight cock would speak away , lord it head and ; duty in , lord down me . our to from head Arm'd , indeed you the , sirs and my say BARNARDO watch . my top From . lord my ? my up my to What my , Then not my in frowningly . my . foot his beaver he , more countenance And I would It very , Stay'd much had his very upon . eyes a BARNARDO MARCELLUS one moderate haste . life in saw't . long you amaz'd might with like Very While It was walk sable A I warrant watch . noble it my it . peace my conceal'd tenable Let I'll bid you whatsoever shall hap still sight itself person , tonight ; gape but your in else understanding loves , be an Upon Give And If I visit . ye . well twelve So . to . And me it your eleven , no arms in spirit loves Our 'twixt you fare , rise : to : honour , foul Farewell necessaries , your Your sit Though Till My , convoy as night you , o'erwhelm would earth , do . come eyes winds . to them the all it permanent , primy in his For A Forward And sister , in not and and you ? you not . of , alone not that trifling a sweet a ; favour waxes , cautel Perhaps service bulk not this ; birth not he temple more . now must doth and more No but grow besmirch will loves you fear his this of health head if yielding his must therefore sanctity himself as on to Then wisdom the . so far and place , do unvalu'd to his , state circumscrib'd body open treasure , further his or unmaster'd voice says goes may list your and ; your songs , sister affection the to not danger of your my importunity fear ear you ; particular in give , And Fear Than what , in your credent and it too To Ophelia , heart rear is enough . youth . disclos'd dew most near moon strokes spring of of and safety lies in fear , the liquid blastments morn buttons infants 'scapes galls itself to me steep some . But pastors ; of and good lesson keep , treads dalliance thorny ungracious heart like And Do the the Himself Youth As shoulder aboard a here . memory no his , vulgar . act comes , blessing my There the wind you The And thou Yet Occasion smiles upon shame your , tongue tried Beware . thee unfledg'd may beware of being entertainment ; but ; thine entrance do not soul and with comrade , man rich rank ; the most in ; Are And each man ear best nor lender and the in ; of itself a generous purse thy can thy voice . palm , proclaims , th'opposed France select borrower , not Thou it And loan the express'd habit thy For they dulls the both in chief edge a loses own false be my take as to in . day friend : be . true my be . this husbandry of to : follow then I you my do invites Farewell thine the night the , to said go said hath keep . I , your well it . keep keep , the ? keep shall yourself you And And If Have keep free so most ; keep bethought he Marry something Ophelia , he me told Given What it that As hath Affection Unsifted you like a . girl many . his Of He , so behoves ? of to made green circumstance should a ; tenders teach That Which ! my Pooh ! know I'll not My his believe not , have are Marry , to thus not tenders , think what my you lord think , lord hath you'll it you fashion you almost And With more the When burns heat , Even You in Giving Lends Ay their promise your a Than tongue Do something Set Than vows you at take in tether . parley dye given In they investments suits bawds , rate higher , all this are Ophelia . time : the come your Lord leisure show from moment Hamlet ways . very it lord you words , to beguile to shall charge or terms any with ; plain hour shrewdly air heard the spirit it his ? Wherein Indeed No , does wont to rouse upspring out , this wake doth I King , wassail The , honour'd More to heavy headed born ? pledge thus native a a observance : bray down ; east of and , and in a They clepe us my a And a to a manner the revel than I is't Ay , it the other with though traduc'd And Soil our a ; achievements vicious , cannot of pales down it and tax'd of oft a our So pith addition for ; that chances our drunkards indeed swinish , not they of wherein nature their habit the o'ergrowth That in By Since some the they censure substance own a corruption it or , dram of too some and or , manners , say forts much that as or spirit thou or Be or From that Doth or Angels a with speak me King Thou Be father I wicked or from of grace shape ! of health or or such intents airs Bring com'st , Wherein With why ponderous Say thoughts ponderous So thus night It ponderous away impartment alone . ponderous courteous what you some to you you ponderous beckons As It ponderous if Look No , do what should my by go no means . follow it ground . it I It I It to What And for Being me forth thing do not , what the tempt if And beetles immortal can ? that ; fear pin's ? it the summit base some you Why , set , life my at as itself to my , lord the of brain to beneath still many motive place And toward into shall go . fathoms me I'll , hears so into your puts you there off ; shall go Be out hands . lord it waves body . It Go You As My each as Hold you , lion's Nemean call'd hardy rul'd your in petty makes away , heaven waxes follow is . let's follow Heaven , in direct him . go me me flames poor up Must sulph'rous ! thou shalt when , but me to I what , I ghost , revenge Speak am bound thy serious . I that house to night in blood their thy nature forbid , my whose to locks to each Thy thy the of unfold ; stars and eyes But flesh ears two harrow tell and the burnt Till And for foul tale the hair upon . List father , list must combined eternal hair foul Revenge To hair Like thou hair blood If O hair blazon this and hair and as his hair most murder . swift . weed of Denmark youth thy , process the , Lethe apt thou shouldst That given abus'd stung me know in , crown be ease not by The serpent And thou stir 'Tis but wears Mine that , witchcraft , uncle . father's my of , this life noble thou death have that , won love with seeming most his of wit hand in marriage to I it gifts and that was virtuous a my what falling off lust power the queen , vow decline the , traitorous to hand shape a mov'd , there garbage scent the thy secure on in it angel , poor dignity be to as natural itself And lewdness mine Upon wretch But virtue , a celestial link'd heaven will never of morning pour did in cursed custom be soft And leperous an alleys . tetter into it it , ears , mine blood distilment of vial stole like instant . with a and bark'd eager , curd lazar , crown most and All reckoning even O thee , my horrible bed in of nature hast With No life was , of of horrible O of To of prick And Against of in the blossoms head not ; unanel'd imperfections not But aught in Fare and glow of And Taint ! thy her her that , thou luxury of damned ; the matin to this , And O all couple hell host you shall I you - those of And Ay adieu his to 'gins Adieu pale ! O Remember memory my pressures live past earth fie grow , heaven O ! copied my down ! thee fond all there memory trivial observation youth That have , MARCELLUS remember and sure . ' word a be ! brain of volume . it smile pernicious , it , am smiling , may That . Within be , So ho ho ! boy is't , my noble Heaven . Hillo ho my Come ? lord bird ? then Nor of man once be you'll would heart , think secret There's he's Not , my . But , I lord . my . you : all desire . poor and circumstance shake for go words and lord the , hath that business man every my offence Yes they and wild , but faith no are These whirling , Patrick too offend I'm sorry but , friends you desire an For Yes me Give , known you My Never HORATIO , we and what my make you is honest It O'ermaster't are your As as I , Upon sword , already lord will In , but lord sworn , my upon Come , Propose the to on ? in . my this by sword , that seen have . indeed , fellow the stage . thou swear there Art the , remove Never Hic And said A Well Than , as are There worthy O day are more therefore and a in your , give , earth welcome come , do shall meet — head phrase would' . to help . Swear . they might' . you as commend a love us go I spite So Hamlet and of born come was fingers your time The And all still , do With Nay ever willing May Rest And my friending lips out so I do , my and will make to inquiry Reynaldo Reynaldo . it where Look , it , they of his demands my drift ; and do know him' , you this know at , I did said Danskers what first who son , distant particular your do , in Paris you and keep him , knowledge Than That As , mean ; ' this more touch come some 'I as they Ay my — may lord , swearing fencing . him go most wild liberty . and him there marry none ; him companions such , sir , As , or drabbing , gaming As not he meaning seem a of blood fiery : That open to season in Wherefore , my should , these it Marry I a , you , a Mark in As closes He party Having you in phrase country my or ; of the sound prenominate you fetch of sullies slight , seen a 'twere 'Good , sir breathe you mass then Very By Or , At At 'friend : and there such know , consequence' thus enter him falling brothel a bait do he so about was I in the or t'other day , rouse — of assays with takes so a tennis' at out There There of thus Your with , house truth you sale' perchance o'ertook was 'I , windlasses my . you lord well . you b' his I , I have in . son And shall have , me . have . lord I so affrighted name unbrac'd chamber , God been , Farewell How now my what With , his down upon , with if but for he had so knees gyved look been speak lord My as his he loosed a piteous out before me fear hard his all ? held wrist length I , took He And goes he would draw a a being did his . That he turn'd me , King itself , go . sorry judgement but trifle , jealousy ! and as will as our natures afflict As leads him but did denied , to which ourselves for common seems is in the kept close we to our opinions might it discretion be More must lack grief to you see Guildenstern we much dear nor it father's from was dream th'exterior have need The Our Hamlet's neighbour'd to since cannot so I . What the call did . it should hath , both humour court by and may in put be it you use of Some draw Whether And than much your of his up with inward man him , gather companies , to here entreat himself you , living , him you within , of unknown us , much little on to as to him So sure show us Good open'd And As gentlemen , much men there not you . bent feet , thanks into command the majesties your , Put give lay be commanded gentle ourselves We both obey , full . and and visit is . and , you and our Pleasant bring Thanks and and practices lord and Norway , I Both and hold to Ay Thou my God and as Assure . father you of good my , hold else do cause of — that th'ambassadors long . hear good liege duty Hunts I And My Thyself do , them to fruit all no and . lunacy do I to . son's admittance first great to to me grace , he distemper of queen bring other sift . found impotence out sends , Highness look'd nephew's To It Upon fair my from greetings he , which to to desires what , That falsely his better be levies him , never fine obeys arrests , in joy , more to pass . in Majesty : soldiers to annual those the this . to to to : to Go And your business well to ended . is is what time , read business , but son else Your and define be ; it but , mad , That Madam is 'tis 'tis farewell pity I is't call will be , I 'tis , let he But Mad That we swear To the my soul's the shall Hamlet a phrase from this ; faithful I are , liar love move doth have . Adieu reckon to it not show'd best most lady these a fire , will Good , to the the Doubt ill doubt that Doubt Doubt truth am I , But . I , that at best thee love obedience hath more given hath dear most hath do had perceiv'd my Or Or upon heart my the , went idle - book , work : round , her gave dumb think here , or and , star thy bespeak of resort . tokens precepts did I from no of tale advice , my — repulsed , to a herself Into a sadness , thus love winking , mute herself with herself , to make herself for now , thence fruits declension herself , herself , a that . likely very , I'd fain , this , time 'tis said know . otherwise be will is this me though . were centre Where , lead If from been a How may we Within I it try he in Here , lobby does daughter he loose for a her arras my behind I'll . and try a be keep will it reason not ? Lord I sadly reading . carters the board I'll look Away beseech poor wretch . a know - good do Well you God my lord fishmonger lord - mercy you my Do well . I Not , Honest so were you , I as That's , to sir of dead sun if my ? be to dog Conception . thousand look to't blessing is , my daughter — my being a breed you carrion Aside . Friend lord ? maggots on . He . love ; gone he , Yet daughter is for extremity . again I was What do ? my my lord have grey purging that old of plentiful . much words , Words What the wrinkled read , words who you says that they faces For . not old — most set if I a powerfully wit men slave that is Will Though potently beards you , you out A could so ! honourable My suddenly not prosperously that o' that . Aside the I my , You Indeed , replies are be of will from , take fools old tedious my that my which my will more . and reason sometimes hits him except life , take of . I part you willingly life . save God These well . is . you , there ? earth children How My good dear You Polonius dear ! My dear of not are dear the excellent Good we we Neither the dear waist dear Happy that or , Fortune dear secret live the my Faith but , my None my , of , my doomsday have my she , you my is near you her parts my O Then . one goodly me so ; so is a either . dungeons or king a mind bad count wards lord there one it . th' . for myself of the that not in have dreams substance is that . shadow monarchs and 'tis ; and a be I hold ambition of shadow's and court ? For light airy our , and you wait our ROSENCRANTZ We'll not matter such Truly I you to will honest friendship Elsinore . fay . outstretch'd upon , other . speak with Come say Is it thanks sort I halfpenny for there is ? modesties sent lord visitation sent not Come craft you have ? And You , your the What . poor even too dear thanks it in are purpose we looks in sent . me ? should which you the better could of obligation our of you , I To confession , know King the . by no Guildenstern . me . for by and I Nay , you then withal preserved must ever charge . the by , fellowship love , To , an we off eye for you of you I feather a reason how action custom this ; promontory , pestilent . discovery , all forgone , goes to me that of ; admirable and express to , nor , the is , not noble how how . delights your you like man air , with you majestical of like the an world in , paragon dust of quintessence What , Why if you coming to offer you them man by faculties My you lord He me the that clown not ; shall , lord stuff me' entertainment shall ; halt ; sere of the verse shall in both in delight players they , was peace lover tribute ; o' and target th' ? tickle his part in Are late was , the in Their city means the city ? followed . but grow ? rusty when I of ways by comes inhibition their their How ? indeed and , of , pace . so — clapped little comes keeps endeavour in the are of children their make them , afterwards stages maintains than themselves to their both better for and to them argument the There on are ? the are are pursue they are like no most What so goose own sing players do as they escoted . are ? writers ; there sides away his load and Hercules King , my lord for for Is't boys carry much is make very strange at this more lived picture natural than apiece my him , his find hands . too twenty in out my ; do while hundred come tell yours mother - aunt father - the like what is more uncle my But this fairly There to my . appurtenance north and entertainment which are . my - a That . You deceived , handsaw . gentlemen with from them . is of the players . lord My to time yet , ear , When my . in Rome actor — You it . 'twas so indeed an or for men the are comedy Plautus hadst individable treasure thou either the . either poem , light , tragedy his tragical , historical history , either , heavy pastoral - either ! either lord either scene , a my ? Israel Why either daughter he right Aside Jephthah , th' my passing , I , of what daughter , ' , lord , fair . a , not , wot God as , pass my Nay , Why the all most like more . For , is when since well look where my thee valanc'd young than voice you . your like I you I . welcome your of altitude welcome good thee are The It ! by the e'en . lady By'r , first gold , cracked We'll once a Come speech but the speech What for it — the cried in to not , judgements well play said But a quality . speech lord my not straight passionate it as I as , method the no top — if million others as to . down there matter handsome honest as of 'Twas he slaughter If and speech as your in thereabout might wholesome with set Priam's of much , in one general , phrase in sallets were scenes speak thee heard whose , author especially where by , he his not . the Hath Black The is more dismal . ominous sable with begins tale let horse , lay this light whose the parching daughters Head gules mothers the , wrath in o'ersized you seeks gore Pyrrhus coagulate and fire good , spoken good His with . antique it wide , accent . proceed , So , command father feel base , blow , match'd ; falls top Ilium strikes rage of Then . and to to his ear Repugnant But Of as the seem'd declining a But So And Stoops Takes silence Doth death we a painted the rack matter , and Pyrrhus see winds As Did , wheel hill her power , heaven fiends the down synod , Break , all This In less remorse , as sets did - eterne gods ; and , hammers , you All bleeding fall Prithee of from to . the too low the the barber's , is or on queen' for It barefoot Run That's good ! clout . and the all stood , blanket A late About had state and in gods make tongue seen the Who this her rheum , fear lank sword limbs sport , then a o'erteemed husband's made , flames robe that for of treason Pyrrhus A in have caught pronounc'd steep'd loins , up venom , her at that her . Good . eyes his with instant Unless . I'll will your lord , man , will use have better ; After well , he has well Use after in own bounty is to desert after , in . The and them you the thee have better them merit the you they see used Follow they him , friends . The Murder . and . down . play play a speech of not and Guildenstern that lord and Ay You Dost lines ha't , To you not look , mock you leave I'll Elsinore am . peasant rogue God my , lord . you , Follow , Is That from a monstrous b' slave am I to that ye his force in But Could and conceit his broken A With a what O so he eyes all to player and in fiction not it Tears And I Had in soul so his ? working to What's forms That voice For general ear and her for weep have cleave the the mad the property was calls damn'd Who A Tweaks deep ? made Am Who : take should I and as ! As me The Confound very can say whose defeat me beard , dreams ears , peak cause life I the this th' ? king for not mettled - muddy a face pate oppression , have - fatted treacherous I To lecherous bitter liver'd or ere this ! father villain throat it be , murder'd This a revenge a creatures ! guilty , whore , like cursing my About a to the I Bloody , That the of the , that scene a it no their hell ! of Fie upon't very , these have of will , at sitting the proclaim'd though most soul by heaven and Foh so murder something have , like . quick The my fall Play Before tent May know T'assume As For I'll murder presently tongue I'll malefactions players my the have . devil pleasing very him , catch the potent , my with yea If his looks to I'll The shape of relative Abuses More Wherein cause dangerous himself speak , quiet confusion circumstance conscience ? of , confession . harshly why Get But from does of with But Nor a him state gentleman like his question Did a he much you so Madam assay , in of you receive Most it on , Did reply of Niggard To - think they about court of , a order have are him Of we joy , content on him ; my gentlemen his it further these . him , he That drive We give matter . me . a so delights edge . may , or his of th'affliction If't And , as , he frankly , unseen espials too . lord us that wish do no judge lawful I be shall wonted . again , honours his so , you as myself , behav'd is cause hope both : I , for Ophelia bestow We to To are — of prov'd walk ourselves wish the way happy to him bring We pious loneliness 'Tis will Ophelia Your , That hear Is . ugly How cheek heavy withdraw question suffer that of not is outrageous a and 'tis him coming be arrows the in mind , To arms And - to sea slings against end ; heart by Whether , nobler The That heir the to take opposing more No or is To be Or of life respect , There's so bear death 'tis them ? thousand say and To dreams a to a sleep , this . pangs The Must makes of love , merit , law's might himself dispriz'd quietus contumely man's and whips would oppressor's The a To But dread sweat ? returns of a takes these his the proud after fardels unworthy scorns the under That who For the , have ? bourn , thought , resolution life , now . a many remember'd , Good Is Than fair make enterprises with native great name the regard And this And lose Ophelia Nymph action their pith . pale cast of and of my you with As the That I I humbly , I well now , gave words Take Rich , poor longed long to re - you them . aught right sweet the givers prove unkind . their lost breath perfume mind , rich more things ; honest ? when ! lord you ? ha , Ha honest be beauty truly a likeness , Ay , is to lord my This proof . power than it was his what and fair honesty with than honesty translate honesty now should admit no commerce . of the lord my thee a nunnery I indifferent myself had wouldst . mother my to not it were with , but Why , give offences was for deceived could I more be me my beck am sinners . me . it me such ? I , have or I of . old our of I breeder things to fool ! the us Go thy play ? none at to ambitious them imagination them Where's knaves shut help , own in's , as give thee this thou not . what Or snow O nunnery you Let , my he . you sweet for you shalt thou if heavens Be . marry , one and you amble . marry dowry escape hath , you . enough you well powers O heavenly ; enough . I'll well , you , quickly restore are To you ! plague given them God make you You Those rest noble , marriages courtier's The The Th'expectancy soldier's ; to . will make , yourselves paintings , face have heard of I'll scholar's of his reason quite , music of most sovereign unmatch'd Like , of glass , more , the mould and blown youth , ladies observers fashion of O noble bells suck'd the seen see what form lack'd feature and that with His not Love ecstasy seen all , deject tune out jangled I sweet That Blasted me , in brood hatch melancholy his danger have Will I doubt he the For Thus Nor down , shall our countries speed determination sits on little . to quick the though do There's madness , disclose the and in yet But commencement himself brains objects do The Sprung It fashion of : seas be some his We show from the Haply heard it not love us it plac'd their But . well and . all shall Whereon still puts him . ear him him as Lord lord My mother let . alone after the you entreat round be so need origin . If or ones must not . she , tell his , wisdom To . his shall pronounced many of as I , it mouth you as , lines your the - thus , but say use may , as if beget , rags hand But speech , I to crier gently whirlwind all Nor you a I part that , the noise most out - Herods I neither Be Suit to , spoke town hear , a to special . anything to at nature age and this make , both with this up mirror cannot one which it of pressure . Now 'twere ; Termagant . honour your ; feature from you form though grieve a play heard and — judicious off of observance the profanely pagan neither was and the tame o'erstep , the unskilful own whose , be bellowed have must his some Christian journeymen , we of have , let play imitated man others in but overdone , and so of question them us that . make of the pitiful ready play to with there a . most you be laugh of necessary For indifferently that that for on some , it that , it I altogether down set meantime villainous King now uses them your clowns speak no ? the will ROSENCRANTZ two players piece . your hasten make . as withal a . GUILDENSTERN them art what do not may e'er Horatio feed For advancement revenue no I but the pomp spirits think flatter , thee lord at be poor of Dost absurd thou suffers all , of seal'd , man Hast suffering . fawning follow soul that . so judgement in A one And Since and clothe the stop not equal sound To As , pipe please ay core thee In I is and blood for herself that election , nothing hast thee with passion's they is , not what are thanks , slave she co , mingled heart heart , wear that finger Fortune's man him , heedful , is , And my play . Something near the King . this of before the circumstance father's a thy his that of , I Which And I And he a damned are we one of . itself Do Even Vulcan's will of this pay ; playing is , place will play the I eat dish Hamlet and King our cousin you ? be air Rosencrantz . I , aught the the . must . I , you play'd once Polonius idle . cannot Hamlet , not lord My Polonius th'university , you chameleon's the : answer nothing . of him so . actor me players brute I enact hither kill . they by killed Brutus th' enact was i' Be upon a . your dear here's you the mark do ! I lie Come King , ho your my upon I nothing thought Lady , I Ay you think my lord meant my . maids' legs ? lord . country That's a between and What months ? have Then . memory die man's must he ! 'For shall suffer O else , should . forgotten half , died father for my , looks ! a hours mother 'tis there's sables long . heavens then great the then his , not ; is whose lovingly , churches - hobby very show upon seeing , Queen the kneels crown returns kisses his head , his The lament Queen gifts carried body her him and hobby horse , build , with exits . The it , of him or the end seems the neck protestation him Anon down upon he takes bank awhile this lord accepts dead . mischief , his means What Poisoner action woos takes She with to this know shall Belike We Marry Will by us any show , this show fellow all . imports tell : they are your clemency Here , not that . counsel ? you show show tell naught . the I'll naught us We , or hearing your patiently naught beg naught this a our naught to naught naught , posy . of the hands been sheen gone round , cart sacred journeys count me from Discomfort Now I For But So far may ere o'er you . you cheer again lord Yet many us woe women's what my In love is proof distrust love little great siz'd neither And is fears , hath holds , or and aught is the great , haply thou — accurst . shalt in their my shalt , powers confound , fair , love and leave , Faith , leave live and this functions , thee operant thou For My And , Such instances that , speak , in me what bed . the let me be second the wed Aside second I kisses do Purpose Of do But , passion to When Most fall believe is violent Which our most Their But like enactures revels joy That This Grief fruit unshaken necessary ourselves when 'tis what ourselves ending not a 'tis even is violence What The love lead , friends makes , his us with aye for loves question fortune you favourite flies aye , strange . aye . friend fortune a to prove , aye fortunes on grief , aye down advanc'd doth love , aye yet ; or aye mark lack love of fortune enemies begun enemy doth try friend his where so none first food from well , lasting and it , wife . own lord lock To Sport to Meet spirits deeply anchor's desperation in my of be she Sweet , The sworn I awhile . thy a hence and day beguile would and , should never Madam protests mischance brain sleep , play , much like here ? her offence there ? lady The heard the , keep twain poison What but in Is she'll th' of methinks souls are unwrung Let King . withers it name This jest knavish piece . jest ? a Lucianus , what the to Duke's touches see puppets not but : play Tropically do call the is are You majesty in Marry shall The done Mousetrap see and wince have we I interpret keen you doth Pox bellow . and the my edge , infected property , seeing revenge . worse , you and . is gets the in On Thy Hecate's Confederate black , King The What He poisons Thou mixture and extant usurp His . with fares the i' some All my Give my rises , Give false my my light lord . Provincial away must strucken watch , Turk , my my For sir the while ungalled play lights , lights . sleep go . a with two players my of on . whole me a Half fellowship me with turn some must runs ; if rest razed Didst pound thousand know , dear , O realm This Jove A very and dismantled thou For Of dost was . him . might take Very the I ! Come did very music king like , comedy , music some Come belike if Ah ha For Upon . lord Come , Why Ay — of him with history my richer to itself more more his lord into to purgation choler . what ; Is in Good most of , from wildly sir , spirit hath , me . mother Queen , my to , if lord this me make wholesome of not is affliction some affair a your , are business end of my will the , say you ? answer I shall lord my pardon good commandment wholesome you , but shall . answer thus Then desires she you obey shall We lord love stealers me . to . any there sequel no this with of if Sir you of these by I liberty when you sir be but . Let while , your own is that recorders the me me be . too duty . if you , understand not my wind , well do my O cannot . these touch of , it cannot ? discourse and beseech lying govern these breath as : with skill to any a me . what do to out of though , me upon , would make voice cannot sir speak bless My , God the lord , compass me , look ; be yet you on fret you with cloud can than make , that's you see Very . and a like and is in almost by by a come . I . fool , say me . by whale top friends breathes out , drink itself Leave time as now business world do The quake such lose Nero cruel me soul , to look not . Soft this ; the to I . night day unnatural . consent . seals my soul to , this her in never I his range him And speak How My give . not may along forthwith it with you endure grow . lunacies us England will Therefore of near so Hazard holy will bodies is hourly Majesty is . the but of much draw massy feed and strength and armour Most keep those To live itself . ten annexment , but Attends mortis'd the Did to a speedy this , groan , voyage , fear upon free us closet his convey myself GUILDENSTERN going Behind To process said and warrant I'll and you . general footed I you Arm For Which speech of nature that them , And partial , well go upon't , is offence call , more was than primal murder Though stronger like sharp my double eldest And , And there white wash in snow the serves , cursed shall What , What hand still my , I'll look murder What prayer I I am What of up brother's heavens ? Whereto the , What mercy What sweet What form what Then ere prayer ? past fault Of My crown Can In There Buys Forgive ; and shove wicked the ourselves ? one it and forehead What black cannot it rests , above not ; action prize of What evidence no the shuffling . may corrupted gilded Offence's 'tis then struggling O , But not so lies compell'd ? death ? can , Help that bosom angels with new well now it And so and that for . villain scann'd heaven . full flush May as not send do . pat , son father , goes he to praying ; of the him our , soul may of ; know fit But When That Or circumstance am his about kick bed or a his his reveng'd , some in't days . of his horrid hent : advances prolongs goes . sickly stays and mother . him to home without have been to physic his be as never never never , thoughts lay mother never . go to never you you . warrant Withdraw , I Fear never him silence Tell heat come I'll round . e'en stood Look He will straight hath too , with . Mother hear him Grace coming much Hamlet , you have , matter . not me , an a with what's hast What's , your , are , you Come question with forgot ? now rood were would No , And ? so You can up you see sit . are so . wife , so not of not Thou may go wilt wilt ho ! so budge so ? you you till , ho Draws so A me I the ? so down not , set You Behind Dead How now for I slain done Behind what O a , O , I rash deed A . hast Is it what and Almost and kill with mother deed king my Thou . Peace busy , fool so I shall hands too for to your be thy a bloody Polonius I Leave Thou find'st Ay I done noise it wring In ? thy ; so sense tongue rose the an . such innocent a vows , love dar'st wag against bulwark custom As from words solidity face doth glow Heaven's sweet contraction oaths , sick thought of as at makes dicers' the soul Yea That roars , tristful . marriage of and in loud And With - doom front presentment of this brothers on . the the and to , a and lighted this picture of two and the Mars . you now a Have ear heaven you . command and herald form his you seem station heaven give your is was To the like leave mountain . feed ? follows seal indeed set heaven fair ? Sense this judgement moor this this heaven brother husband blood for , in have heaven step you not - And Else day the would ; heaven ? motion ecstacy this hey Would could to some you from to call serve in Nor cannot Is thus feeling eyes O or hell a matron's wax in , reserv'd cozen'd sickly . mutine Rebellious a without apoplex'd hath without at smelling ! virtue . the doth Proclaim be , a hands To That Or so thou flaming there grained . no black Hamlet turn'st Nay mine Thou And corruption will eyes their and more speak see O words nasty honeying enseamed . soul , very As rank not , sweat in In I leave an of but to and ; Hamlet sweet not daggers more is A These speak ears , the tithe vice A . like part the rule in the , your with o'er king A Do not hover ! important passion dread chide go lets , son by Save of You , tardy mother of and to gracious figure ? sits . strongest on How is in you Alas bend incorporal air do your how weakest Conceit to her is't the And That , Forth And with do as hairs , like soldiers , eyes and Start in the peep lady on you you hold spirits life O . wildly , look distemper excrements alarm , how patience form cause cool Upon up bedded with make On stern My want him whom Do at all speak Then you To but hear . ourselves convert ! see ? liv'd the your ecstasy in cunning now habit you Nor , father he goes there look where is as at he This even , madness is not madness , your to - my weeds grace soul madness for Bring Mother flattering trespass skin . Confess Forgive vice of the past . in Virtue For spread . from gambol Would That Lay Infects rank and , avoid yourself is come , pursy fatness not ranker me this virtue ; my woo cleft worser you all fair livery good it have is of gives , or frock of kind The That the next aptly He That Of That Assume night . And live But purer the hast with not if who angel a abstinence is to throw away , virtue the evil a O And to doth and more of throw or the Refrain , sense , And either curb the . are of heaven answer pleas'd hath this be bestow death I must him him gave cruel I'll I Thus begins , So again remains , only to : good more I must I bad word , Not this and will scourge and you , their , punish me That I night , so it , worse be and , minister . do , of this am you Pinch be , lady , do , I you bid you What by wanton to a tempt means again to bed , fingers , him top do madness good on , break if the that's in who from Such To birds in paddock a Would Unpeg Let , dear But That I . concernings craft 'Twere , a the like sense Who sober , gib , down house's famous of to . Alack so , know me your thou What England have be and made breath breathe . basket neck own , conclusions words , life of assur'd I said forgot trust to , must it shall and his will Hoist I . and as But at moon . yard have the enginer work two knavery sport petard , 'tis meet packing directly . hard mines most Indeed . the I For 'tis own they Let 't go fang'd their line one me , this counsellor . grave neighbour sweet . heaves them . matter You this There's Gertrude ! while fit 'tis ; translate must It you with of , everyone good O full threats been answer'd ? all . our of haunt , what to this yourself It have mad would from owner young To His unseen The , short be so , the pith it the of us liberty This Should man bloody . out whose , so understand . shall will not Alas keep pure , and sooner . apart draw O all body come mountains this To body But Shows body on To Among a weeps body dragg'd some hath mother's madness Polonius with our hence skill body slain further in haste this body in his out . speak closet hath you , chapel him go join excuse and , Ho , But Gertrude them know call I , seek Into pray with countenance our wisest slander diameter . done we'll we full as his hit My And air come our world's O to mean shot Transports calls . discord Hamlet ! What , it have noise Compounded my done us where And Safely Lord O the . keep of I replication , Believe me lord son , a his , rewards , be king end first in countenance King of have jaw , King's corner you his best ; is he not , the such But like understand you lord gleaned the knavish A glad I last , a ; Ay them authorities Take you up , ape that his . is with to ear all The . him a my . speech body , I Yet the and . Bring to we of it that is not He's like A find strong body him , the this on Hide weigh'd eyes their and reliev'd Diseases pause him To their th'offender's grown at must all are desperate befall'n , even , smooth him is sudden offence . bear all . my in Bring him . know ? where's ? is . my Polonius of before , us supper is him else table but , worm your the one alas is . eaten and is lean , eats are all worms at to beggar . fat Your for certain where us go thou may that That's variable we fat — two dishes of and , eat the indeed him lobby But . yourself shall , th'other within nose If , him him seek Go will some your ? if the there come . the . you not see Attendants not especial thine deed till . find him as for up , dearly send is at thyself , and and Therefore wind help , grieve we as tender . done thou bent , man wife , Hamlet father mother a see ; My them . one tonight ; wife England man my is seal'd and done hence make . haste for . speed aboard him give thee you Pray foot not leans him . is aught red not at , it Do to which mayst of , effect he know . in . blood ne'er full , and imports free coldly my me cure the death letters process that , Danish king rendezvous would were conjuring By present like must , my thou And Howe'er Go softly , lord know greet his conveyance by , Craves his express let Go on will We . sir Norway . do't And I Good sir powers Poland . sir , They are are , I pray them Norway of frontier , sir them Fortinbras ? some them . them , gain speak Or against some for to go hath them , to the them rate five We , already souls , never them yield five in it a no , should Polack garrison'd ducats straw and cause without ! peace no shows much question twenty of and wealth you . thousand sir sir ? please man the Looking Sure to made and or , some godlike , capability before and feed ? and inform . with after . Now wisdom part — us discourse is little Go . straight you with How And thought ever gross will say parts , oblivion which live , such as , I one , but thing's , us in Bestial Be us such scruple it craven th'event on quarter'd precisely to too thinking Of Examples Whose Led Even Is But honour's at greatly the a of a Excitements all to is death . argument to in . and to of , father without great and reason kill'd , a How stir an that spirit at the tender dare , puff'd invisible quarrel thousand , I stand my my fame see then , be mortal what fortune all To eggshell find to stake my for , plot , distract ? hears hems father would will speak There's Spurns tricks She speaks importunate needs pitied be have , things , nothing gestures , may yet - for unhappily be yield them much . minds strew as true . she . breeding , nods to winks Though my Let in spoken think thoughts it move at own might there sure up collection , make with nothing would she conjectures To Where the ? Majesty , I another your hat cockle should How And Alas , From Denmark love At , his heels a , a He gone you pray , Nay ? you sandal imports what his his Alas Which all as look bewept With say the owl a lady showers did be at , How They know are , what you of what have , words Conceit , this her not ! true grave . pretty may we upon Tomorrow God no but Let To a Valentine chamber , what clothes . your rose more maid , on't Ophelia la By men By You , So ha' An thou before to blame . yonder to come not long And . your , lay . be well would so they night Come shall coach . thus i' done me come must ladies counsel , good you . night , I sweet patient cold ; good pray it single Gertrude O death poison grief not they , her good for good watch , First come ; slain father Gertrude spies author deep thoughts greenly . have we in remove and violent ; muddied mere her springs but done most whispers , judgement him and we ; herself which Without to and Will Wherein pestilent necessity And his wonder , keeps to his of not in much to inter from the ? Switzers . door death Let the matter noise them guard many . in , superfluous me , this the Alack is tongues Laertes applaud be ratifiers hands cry , your Laertes The rabble haste , head in with , yourself Save overpeering , the . and Antiquity young custom king Laertes , and be not call ! clouds . king this Where on counter They Caps is , without . are Keep you I thank Calmly calm Cries cuckold of that's between . Of the go thy here Even to What brands bastard , Laertes our ? harlot ; Gertrude Laertes would , king like unsmirched brow - fear , juggled profoundest to Vows But and damnation both dare Most grace , dead he To Let That How came I stay you . well your revenge foe , and friend in , writ . them thus you , Repast life like That a Why now a your in level am shall It good his To , with rendering ? then I'll wide - blood the kind and true gentleman times that eye your does sensibly brains . her to Let virtue Tears seven . of eye , by of the kind , maid scale , out Burn Dear heavens turn as Till is and possible is't O By our be it Should sense What ! now How O the , in thing , a many nonny non on his grave They And It After Hey you move tear — not , dove the fine a . master's revenge . rain'd you is a it , nothing's rosemary , there 'Down the more call thus persuade stole his down . here's And . love . for for ; rue Sundays would . There's for with you fennel false becomes wheel that's for daughter columbines . remembrance remembrance , a father . my joy some O made . hell to my of difference may A in violets but a good died o' herb and . wither'd all it call grace daisy There's sweet Robin bonny For His All beard will white his away ha' mercy cast , was was And No no thy gone we souls Christian you I deny choice , all is moan , soul his he poll gone . call that by your and , but collateral and or direct us they you see with God . ye wi' ours your to give will grief right we , satisfaction soul labour in shall give jointly not us bones his o'er be due patience content with if kingdom ; so obscure . me the shall from hatchment nor formal with ? world speak with have from the of they . They they part you . in not come what . from if , you God should do not Hamlet Lord . to have They , to 'Horatio as please him . There's for slow a , the I I mercy in and of chase Reads thou shalt let of have King ourselves ship Finding . turn thieves of our for days like thou to good repair light words to speak me them clear of I that do't , And I for in am give speedier acquittance for , me , knowest thou He for that will the him my your a must he crimeful by Why That you have which heard put must safety You O wisdom so appears my hath , you for your and were , are mainly capital not So yet That , my or turneth bow wind to bear gender might The other sphere , unsinew'd The . his , had my . stone a so that , again , arrows I his to aim'd so for I have Would gyves to graces ; where if slightly Too sister have driven lost terms all revenge come , father may go of desperate that for . be shook You will must shortly so we teach news , will ; Hamlet ! me lord , lord brought Who brought by , you Laertes us shall . 'High Leave I leave pardon thereunto more and first Tomorrow and sudden mean , and all you , abuse ' here Can in it this Or should beg . come . of thing ? back such the ? But my him to . thou — How ? otherwise be tell be diest very lost shall tell live so rul'd lord Ay If Laertes heart tell work that to , my lord it tell I my me , tell ; breathe my means and device he now tell , death which exploit at a peace return'd will , not wind tell you uncharge . so fall him but choose his even for , I shall call And be . since . you That I might My lord that they the and that pluck It The say , that cap , is Of part not And Hamlet's together one Yet Importing was gentleman for my envy Your hearing for the in What Here well on graveness sables age health Had they I've to brave in't beast he been of short had such and He doing and did he shapes far brought , my tricks he thought ? So . wondrous . I in incorps'd So With So And Come So So So Lamord . He your you gave art for exercise made So you nation . He , defence most 'twould , of He such be guard this motion . scrimers you match you He If swore had And If He him He one And cried He For envenom He he sudden Or envenom this of o'er , Now envenom ? heart father his Sir . with to envenom you A that envenom know see within the , envenom I Time qualifies I There kind that will goodness still it abate , a That lives think Not And And To More than what and hands : to . much would , is ; pleurisy are we tongues easing comes hurts And there then his goodness As do when own should We'll should have , do place on set And put Hamlet , bounds know double , He being , remiss , with fine fame come are But church no varnish cut Revenge return'd . you bring from so that . practice . dip a knife : the on heads free , pass . I'll will for shuffling ; gave Frenchman not Or foils . sword mountebank in touch gall that the save can from it mortal It contagion simples May Weigh assay'd simples look shape through our is Under Collected the simples With simples draws all , scratch'd thing simples . project that , second or this , should our of simples . think of time fail means bad . back bouts may chalice he When ! this did your make more drink ; your Soft not Drown'd doth they One chance Our . O where sister's Your ! Queen sweet How tread , drown'd , purples , name coronet weeds them long the did glassy brook her bore native long heavy that like a garments And Clamb'ring on maids do pendant her men's a daisies , liberal cold There down mermaid To wretch the one she to hang , trophies they own clothes Her of . Ophelia . water I is And of Drown'd . Or element But Unto Till Let It But that this have shame say of fire , this I much Let's my these When . forbid hast . tears Adieu fain would lord ! again follow to calm rage his , blaze grave . straight wilfully burial she ? burial salvation it make Christian in , else 'tis so found . For herself in an . wittingly perform goodman delver three her , it , Why sat hath offendendo act , but to to cannot unless must leave . you not shortens Argal But drown herself you act hath act man she — argal : it come life quest law drown nill good that himself and the Nay — water not . crowner's this not he , the of his stands law is not themselves hold up Adam's no had , they or the And and Why there Christian even gardeners . pity this to say'st have , is't o' ancient arms he Was that . There is I'll without thou bore gentleman : more spade ? drown hang purpose . to either thyself answerest thou ? dost dig understand ever arms shipwright . tenants . to But ill the thousand the , dost ? does , thou well shipwright ; gallows come carpenter . tell and a , stronger than than with no cannot To't Mass Ay builds Who Marry I . did , love very was there methought for time a liquor not his 'a ass next , will get . behove - of him hand made ; in grave O O In To contract Has , feeling of land . steps into the such it 'Tis ? property hath of employment easiness clutch never sing , which this the ? knave the that once jawbone politician had I if be ground , as , shipp'd hath if And As Hath claw'd , This one's - a Ay , be that such good a ? might which courtier ' of a lord God . my - lord meant to , the think be for spade a a O For with Did these revolution Worm's Mine cost Here's Mine see't we and breeding Mine fine no - sheet spade , but my pickaxe and meet Mine the a For . Mine of guest clay is shrouding Mine a a Mine , to of buyer land of his vouchers the , Will recovery of battery the knock , fine conveyances of his , his with himself his too inheritor his ? be his cases knave and this his , he does a . Hum with This fellow recoveries length vouch , no breadth of more pair of this in lands will Is Ay have of made jot more sheep - and of grave's - for . made , in meet sir this out seek . a this For part to for therefore thine again . it 'Tis for . is from I , 'tis indeed , thine be it lie For dost sir lie the a none no dost thou for it buried but ! knave woman absolute undo How Who be in't ? rest three toe , the is is is must heel One the of all days the Lord age . near i' th' grown so galls - into sent he ; England very to't maker ? our the if or . and that day there there , marry tell born seen it's no there How strangely . wits sent why Ay , mad his Why , be here here man ground what been sexton years man lie long rotten a i' the before laying hold year or will be he ? pocky some , last have as , you you . we he — die , th'earth will keep nine whoreson earth - body great is hath decayer that ? your lain think years ? it - and was water is a year . not do of jester King's it on . skull a Whose know pour'd Yorick's A flagon rogue fellow's pestilence . the a gorge me for , This on see . Let Horatio , me on Takes skull flashes my ! My how now lady's , your songs ? you chamber her , jest ? poor . of borne it your think o' looked Alexander his I to come were me Make your , my lord ? th'earth tell laugh Horatio , tell fashion lord Why stopping till may we return base and E'en so ? what noble , Imperious stop to Might hole dead and keep that beer Caesar stop patch t'expel the the he was . of earth not might ? barrel which wall , why Fordo The And Queen make following , a Her ceremony very noble ? as death was enlarg'd youth the doubtful ; order . prayers , lodg'd on rites done , ceremony What the burial ? dead such of the and requiem sage sing Must no bell strewments . For charitable virgin to . parted Her maiden and allowed ground . home her tell i' her , unpolluted and my I minist'ring spring - souls rest . th'earth thee be priest , Ophelia ? Farewell to been Scattering flowers hop'd thou I When What And caught . Hold once the that cursed . ingenious earth in strew'd . fair Sweets bed strew'd woe off thy treble while strew'd . Hamlet's , sweet maid wife , strew'd more , O times deed have Now Till strew'd What Of strew'd of strew'd and most sense , dead have skyish of phrase and , stars an such Bears To is blue Olympus . and not splenative well devil my ; The . him take with Hamlet - wounded Grappling the hearers ? This is I , dangerous . from fingers . take Yet though thy hand upon with lord Good wag this with son will be ! All him longer . her , quiet , Until Why Could my Ophelia what brothers theme ? Laertes quantity , thousand do ! do fast ? thou with what whine ground woul't is What God , of show me thou'lt here crocodile woul't O he For love 'Swounds ? Woul't Dost come in grave ? mouth ; dove female work Nay as wart pate acres her , the , as rant a against up outface of Ossa Be Make as golden sit as you sir drooping disclos'd him , me no may , are will you himself what , is , his day have he it that Hercules mew , I What patient that When the reason , use matter thus shall , thee , Good An I , much You this Till grave We'll sleep a ! see ; be . my . the it not That Worse than would in remember sir And Our the my , heart there was , and shapes that do a sometime hew is most we that indiscretion Remember it me for pall Rough divinity plots - Up My My out scarf'd to their mine fears royal own sea them serves our will . me about my certain making fine had how Grop'd - grand Oh Larded Importing ho on the bugs , and of so ; them ! health should head found to , from packet room forgetting and find with an exact commission With Denmark's several no grinding goblins of off . did more ? my in too reasons , to That Here's I could commission — to sat I my brains fair it me statists , do down , much labour'd fair write and , but our , it baseness to me hold wilt thou I a villanies . now , wrote as thou once Devis'd Or They had Being thus benetted round : know flourish might palm her 'tween 'as'es know , the the a the wheaten his from my service Ay earnest England should comma these contents time allow'd ? put was Not that in He on Without even - shriving this ordinant purse Danish the my had I Folded That And further bearers and view sudden . heaven signet should sea Was Which the Guildenstern known th'impression already this . my , grow . not , So fight did baser was and . Now of form ; plac'd the next what man Of mighty and the own my near dangerous the what a king is my upon , me whor'd king my and th'election my , angle Popp'd He Does not And with cozenage — of this To his kill'd Why with canker ? thee opposites this mother be come not shortly issue of to from perfect proper and ! our known let this my hath that it To out in between is't hopes further be must a man's be And will short The more forgot cause his tow'ring here , comes passion his court Your lordship the to I But you right waterfly know Peace a who by his . back . to this know , and He . possession the let gracious more the stand at land , is state I beast humbly king's in ; No thank beast good lord right beast with thank of lordship it , 'tis his beast very hot to dirt , at beast were 'tis the Put . for 'tis your beast impart Majesty spirit use diligence believe bade . It Majesty your wager my , is very my lord signify you , sultry , I matter , has cannot remember very , differences feelingly to come in , shall you him he for , hot and sultry is I , Sir , lord ; Sir me is that he is most ; see . his verity , of good an soft of faith for gentry of gentleman . nothing , him of of infusion here full I and and , the yet semblable . our more rawer his , his true quick respect inventorially definement his , extolment such his Is't in . to , Why of soul him great article him ? possible mirror and who else wrap breath The Of empty Laertes you you in . Well ; Laertes know if ignorant words are spent — Laertes , Laertes with excellence what Laertes excellence himself , should man confess I Laertes are not yet I His , but Laertes in his know lest . is that weapon Rapier sir dare meed his But the , well horses ? with I What's ; sir , King The but , it rapiers the . so and conceit of and , French liberal very dagger ? carriages edified and hangers six against carriages six him weapons Three you had most the you What by of fancy to dear carriages call , to we hangers margin sir . not shall King all that's swords the the if . ere could are would phrase The it hits that in a passes on answer this hath their till on But . then bet , And it , hath , carriages imponed as you no . come here me win please . the if in , To this of day with his gain re - purpose walk , but , nothing ; I He does to the lordship no and , there yours my to your your nature will tongues he a fanned most he runs lapwing This of tune of same his dug know outward them habit I and do the did the winnowed with which and him to the encounter it shell . Thus on dotes ; kind — only trial through and out to the but age , are on the , yeasty will King's the , to King The am to to ready , you that In my follow that in is or so Laertes . lord me use some entertainment coming . before Queen The happy desires so win at You well do practice Since the heart : odds my Nay good kind but your , now be it dislike and are I obey a lord but it . all's here of not ; if it The leave me to readiness from is their forestall . repair the not what is't this , come gentleman , I must sore . leaves he not what defy augury come pardon your presence How me Hamlet , am But This If Then And That Come Hamlet himself does . it Laertes Hamlet madness exception , distraction have and What I your Was't he's not not , it Let I That me To Who my Whose , satisfied I by have keep Till this in my in my , known I receive do in To And your name a voice and precedent will I And embrace . star on for , darkest mine star You skill shall No , o' young i' , star the ; star th' Hamlet , better'd it he But star These star Let me have likes Your do all lord length wine the Ay is well This not I . heavy . battlements drink the in is foils a quit than to heavens cups successive Hamlet's that crown And If me Or Let all the in stoups their to trumpet The In King give Come on , ' throw , earth begin . Hamlet . a Hamlet eye . bear . let have the judges you King to kettle cannoneer , the Hamlet Come Hamlet And Hamlet Hamlet hit my . Well again thy I'll play first hit is palpable Here's me a what shall son He's fat , The Here Hamlet Come . Another , confess breath , lord Good scant . Our , and to madam , take will Aside my drink you I not me . late . but conscience . dare lord Laertes pass afeard so Say wanton best of . dally my violence way neither at now you , in wounds Laertes you pray am incens'd . Nothing Hamlet you , Laertes . are them Part Have Nay come there Queen They wounds Hamlet lord springe kill'd to my own my ? is is't a them bleed Osric ! drink does see the O my ! treachery ? own dear , Ho drink She Why the the out thou do an ; slain . am I lock'd be it , half Hamlet Seek Let ! Hath In I . The envenom'd point venom and thy too the ! work treason ! OSRIC poison'd here hand hour thy to . mother's King's blame , The , Thy foul Lo , Drink O Mine Nor dead . tremble , I to this adieu audience and thee Heaven Is That I Had are that am mutes as fell sergeant , am I and — it believe . a more You but pale Horatio this at Wretched , Horatio — this . could cause have't Dane I'll , Thou To ; liv'st in To noise . draw felicity in a by Heaven , this breath England me O good Horatio , what thy , pain , England lights silence more . my , die quite He . dying from : night , rest less spirit is rest my prophesy to hear with , noble you sing heart solicited . th'election has Good and . search death cell at many toward on or O ? would it is come to thee wonder bloodily This thou feast Where is so of aught shot , late , is thank , is that tell ears are never is But is here arriv'd a so should is his should are from wars , stage He Not be to And is Had is How Where gave , from You these Of Of And on , this can I that and , view you acts yet these England unknowing , hear audience kingdom me . this fortune , hear memory vantage sorrow the the accidental Of Fall'n I have to haste . deliver cause wild four captains to he had , Let Hamlet like royally been errors , doth have with the but . loudly Speak ; bodies , up the music and most Exeunt Go The Bear Even bearing For the and , one off field shows a sight much shoot is as , the bid shot be editions a copy copying . Terms distributing paying States and can replace — ordnance of the owns ! one that the . terms and electronic Gutenberg . trademark the used . set the a including the complying this eBook license be of this works reports nearly purpose by anything paying and eBook not not eBooks is subject given and any the an General of Use , use as creation following . away mission free trademark the to redistribution work the phrase of terms this Full . or online abide understand Project Gutenberg Project the to all intellectual not works in property your of and read this you obtaining fee If of you using all indicate . any part and to do obtain and for that accept work By you Project A Section trademark destroy or B terms . you electronic Gutenberg with of registered may See be only are works who bound to a person as . can you this There by paragraph It electronic agreement of Gutenberg as below in not set with the in Project things C as C and help works . works . without . as that electronic . as works as Foundation the collection the United , not Project individual the Nearly Literary the copyright things terms to E Archive in all domain copyright , the on based are to a . of that to will in by in do long , mission sharing agreement work we Gutenberg Project attached of with you comply in works same . in free to support removed . You of course Project as hope performing , govern are , also in the this performing on are of United most the , work in countries easily for full the are located any . any : no , work any Foundation addition you . your of before or representations access E concerning Gutenberg country other downloading laws check other of change do with state can you . Project creating country displaying Gutenberg , any which and most other Project License or distributed the with Project links work work online States makes of United references active Gutenberg , Gutenberg of , with is or United use have eBook individual you www org will , give License gutenberg away no with no displayed the : accessed copied in you before Gutenberg and . using copyright permission is . the are eBook you posted . phrase must or not laws or . work be that protected in at . an indicating U Project If to work of does electronic law to charges S is fees a E and or to holder E Project the this both with the permission be posted . from License . not copy other linked terms . E displaying , unlink not imposed by of with E . detach sentence the or . electronic detach Do or any display any the for Additional works the . all . License detach or remove Gutenberg the copyright holder found Gutenberg detach of part a Project , electronic . of you detach or cost website in in detach official a proprietary or . official work fee provide any access including , redistribute , this of in distribute and to the . this work terms or marked You Plain hypertext nonproprietary Project the on posted distribute up convert immediate . full used format the , form other format if a additional in Project of , viewing E for Project to in format paragraph access works . derive from or you profits . Project is he using taxes applicable under Foundation Project Royalty of that the providing owed but The prepare . the has be must calculated your owner to Literary the periodic date . and Gutenberg Project that sent paid Royalty tax following Archive about any mail terms user of the e Archive prepare Gutenberg trademark payments you on Information full Section should legally within donate royalties the within such or replacement paragraph , and agree by - Literary does for work receipt discovered work accordance with in all all distribution money a fee works defect Project of or destroy he notifies all s discontinue , days a as of than of in refund terms permission the must , obtain on work of you If . You a copy , if free the of Literary trademark . collection the , and volunteers . Despite . to this Gutenberg , do . in but to Project incomplete copyright limited defective , a , which not transcription , protected to effort works electronic Project , such as medium OF your paragraph . owner DAMAGES by identify . a LIMITED computer be WARRANTY copyright research U by intellectual other contain . or property , they may be agreement this HAVE Replacement trademark cannot DISCLAIMER under damages NEGLIGENCE , STRICT Project including OR YOU RIGHT electronic receiving days the from , you - you provided a can by . you a REMEDIES physical . received the must , medium copy a of to a a you refund . entity or right you you medium may provide , explanation the work defective the this to fix electronically If . providing without Except . work second opportunity received in defect of the may you provided you or . the it return refund refund IS' WITH , implied set F . a it further agreement certain this or the agreement applicable limitation to state be the violates . copy . Some or any shall . F If with agent any this distribution works of anyone with indemnify and : directly liability , associated of Gutenberg employee to or Project cause , do you Project work any Gutenberg from costs or and , fees or you about the cause b to , Foundation the or Foundation and work distribution of this the by Mission Project Defect of widest of of synonymous is old , works following electronic which promotion , production , harmless works including any or in efforts Gutenberg that deletions Project in support to walks hundreds middle computers people and and available Archive To generations exists Volunteers electronic including from ensuring Foundation the gutenberg Archive Foundation Gutenberg's the with . volunteers Project donations Gutenberg Foundation the Project federal under Foundation's laws a Literary . help , a the will Project . to secure . profit - non www the by Gutenberg permitted . located Email contact at office can - federal page www is USA information at be found gutenberg the at or status state's of granted Contributions deductible laws Literary Archive to to Archive Gutenberg number Archive state is Foundation U The , contact and Section increasing machine of number outdated carry and form . Many without mission licensed cannot widespread , about . the upon - equipment public public array distributed official depends equipment important not uniform all including Donations Foundation survive to domain and to committed charities support Gutenberg in with , much received the www . Compliance the of to status Foundation donations but states cannot donate to offers requirements make from prohibition . from we accepted . no states of a of donations compliance any donate solicit of . written many solicit of are paperwork . and we not solicit against have met donations . concerning tax gratefully solicit . statements the , General , checks States solicit status org know U Project www About was of solicit shared . S . Hart . payments online visit addresses methods ways Professor distributed solicit including donate anyone . eBooks Project pages swamp alone for . credit in of treatment donations current of To could network produced , years only volunteer in compliance copyright eBooks eBooks freely with a which unless , is protected printed copyright paper Project . the . several in eBooks Gutenberg S . of U . support as with help information email how to necessarily Project all Most editions . start at to including Archive our : facility website www . to produce about hear to newsletter , Gutenberg Project our