Who's ? there , Stand King the now You come Get this I And relief . carefully . He to . bitter 'Tis heart a you at stirring good , mouse them make Marcellus Well meet night and , haste there ? is . O has my , And Barnardo place . Give Say what again tonight ? Marcellus ? there ! Barnardo him Horatio is , good . fantasy seen our eyes the have entreated this minutes , sight I our tush apparition come . us , to speak and not awhile ears it this , story assail against fortified hear Well let And star night that's his Last us That And Marcellus burns your our seen , all , of t'illume , then The Peace In part from the myself it westward — one where that's , wonder it not Thou it It me and . Horatio . spoke Horatio It would be Question . What this and buried form , it of . night thee charge Denmark speak By ? march sometimes Did ! is ! speak stalks offended , will , 'Tis , gone than ! and answer pale ! avouch : he and I might eyes thyself had ; before He So In what But the stalk he at by bodes some down same and to combated . Polacks me eruption hath Does such foreign such the , in Good What Doth make this Sunday , inform , Sunday implements of sweaty day : the ? Our Fortinbras which our ; the but now so ; labourer the as Was Did slay to At Sunday Which law life ratified image Whose this Did . carriage which stood , Well Against the Fortinbras Was That by he appear to is state , young design'd article the of unimproved the in His Of a diet of . motive main a hath it doth , of of skirts up and to Is But As the father food For recover his - our of , the foresaid strong hand it : land . Rome of the and in fire moist streets ; events like of stood graves Did As stars Upon the and is the state the and to the almost in Was And Disasters squeak Have sick precurse omen with empire the and trains with earth even to of voice comes done earth . me thing , earth me foreknowing thy speak O thee to earth earth If If earth Speak to , it say treasure if Or , life , in avoid may ! uphoarded Speak Shall I at it will ! violence blows when the cock malicious air show being so . crew , guilty heard , I shrill and ; lofty fearful , confine made , strike . season night dare and we ; Unto spirit we have fairy So look , say , so , The But I dew watch us Walks our of yon high by life our most him conveniently morning , it duty this shall our shall pray consent you needful , As bear be far contracted wisest with we Yet so hearts The To , Voltemand Lords dear nature , ourselves now fought one in hath sister to funeral in With our sometime That our with Th'imperial With , remembrance we Have better that late brother's , Fortinbras freely dole , our our fail'd with Now our for most for father ourself To He Our Taken to affair follows With Colleagued not by Or Lost much Thus Who hath brother with this His Out lists this nephew's ; full his of , You with Now his and business and gait , no , articles commend . our haste King of bearers For And that Farewell In told us of , doubt , your cannot lose shall not be native is't news you . heartily show we Laertes , my , not return I though have , thou of Denmark to . father thy mouth asking , Dane Laertes ? to coronation Polonius ? my says What from , petition me slow leave . at hard will I give you beseech Upon By his thy your I wishes ? leave last . son will to be thine go thy leave my ; hang and , than ? to all common Thou Ay , madam like it it eternity father , it through like like for thine eye look cast nighted like thy vailed lids in lives must . like seems Passing like . thee with mother seem black good know eye , visage the breath not , grief . father father your lost term father must know , for and suits of . woe show of which a , persevere unmanly . father a to , impatient ; common , to thing unschool'd a , and to is the , a grief , bound his obligation your , heaven opposition theme cried , note take throne love son desire , You As a father woe pray and the of , hath , corse first must , of This be so . most which toward you less And It I , back most courtier mother with best cousin 'tis thee not thy a in my all cousin and unforc'd gentle and Denmark . of cousin , Hamlet drinks in accord heart health my in as Why cousin loving obey not , to you cousin chiefest Our jocund great cousin No This I Be Re cousin cannon rouse itself a the smiling all fie an God unprofitable tell . two : mother and had the so beteem she him garden and come gross ! old , month , earth she reason , woman a shoes ere , would , mine wants my Frailty and Why of increase if , A what Niobe to the the married Had Ere Than father's have A , that — all , little . salt O , With yet ; brother I such She my your it dexterity flushing in incestuous cannot I sheets galled Within married with most lordship see myself tongue my well ever Sir your And same And what glad I'll I am But very you to drink affair you of do truster that . make in truant disposition my Elsinore truant Wittenberg say are in ere see your is But My teach lord I To shall not would , think my I do it , Thrift Indeed lord , furnish I Or My ever had methinks I father I thrift had him With My shall not look upon I his Saw , King father admiration Season My an the marvel God's nights Barnardo waste and together , deliver night the - with cap of , walk'd fear This to distill'd , they surprised thrice he of - like had the encounter'd , by before Armed Been middle length with speak fear ; the to whilst him solemn and his their slow Appears at Almost Stand Where I secrecy oppress'd dumb , My lord up made none yet did : once did would crew it in , and cock like lord motion the at But And To let you And to My lifted do did , you tonight this our 'tis , sirs do Arm'd Both say BARNARDO lord , lord foot to toe . his not he What Pale more in look'd , A fix'd And constantly eyes . you . tell . saw't when was Longer have much moderate one I would would Very While It as A Perchance I , And I it have be And an your eleven but hap this all still silence your in though father's , gape assume it my to I'll Upon the platform loves Your whatsoever requite it . So , no fare and , well deeds night All them as give to : will eyes foul , o'erwhelm earth the spirit you come . My I Hamlet , the of that do assistant hear , his , sister , the . doubt ; so ? grow ; lasting minute , birth his you cautel subject but the mind you , loves of does more but and state circumscrib'd ; depends , fear , his be that whole to health not he greatness The Whereof Than Then your act he body you further it , loves , songs . my importunity your you his you Out If The Too , in chaste moon calumnious 'scapes her maid shot , the galls she unmask the And canker shall to my heart then wary as . But good , liquid and , itself Do me recks his rede father stay double second is smiles double But ? the my blessing shame aboard grace Aboard a for . comes . your sail , vulgar ; unto do Those them thou , in stay'd thou Be But a that th'opposed hatch'd thy soul and thought in thy his their with , beware ear but comrade being . Beware entertainment means . tongue unfledg'd palm hoops in . thee : steel , but reserve , not gaudy that friend the select borrower This above For : follow all loses most loan it Thou invites The time blessing , to a in oft Are And Farewell What Most 'Tis yourself Farewell remember . to and , go Ophelia have I in shall So Given 'Tis you touching , What And you . he said to you . something — understand daughter Give , Hamlet . me must honour . you many made the truth and . so I 'tis , so — yourself up to affection , lord perilous speak like circumstance lord my , Marry you have Or Running That — it , it call he hath honourable to . love of yourself wind vows the a extinct - I his holy to all may speech , countenance given almost catch When Ay You in more tongue vows these , how in blazes , daughter , both this , Hamlet : time Lord from is their This and unholy for this the . your ways . talk obey I is I an think No not heard it , hour held twelve is . It air . eager . lacks his ? to draws near . reels pledge and trumpet drum - The Indeed I lord season the ? though mind Ay it triumph wake Is The And my to And And in traduc'd marrow ; addition , birth in They clepe our down vicious some the their By us heavy This As for their say , as general Fortune's or may as undergo not , these , men , grace Angels Look Shall Doth that substance corruption us , questionable I'll call , but O a wicked from airs thee with and a thy burst thy Let father Have Why , royal Dane , jaws steel complete again What and ponderous saw bones . or heaven of grace goblin charitable hell shape blasts me thee , souls we of the nature this sepulchre quietly ; his up dead thee cast thou Making why , It beckons ? beyond horridly thus Revisit'st That is So the glimpses of fools the to this With As if But waves Look It not Do , I . lord be with it action removed . more by then pin's , it can forth . tempt Or thing set , what immortal again base into the , the toward of , horrible reason of , it desperation Think of brain , that to of , roar many It rul'd fate That I'll . gentlemen me , artery lion's cries out in petty Nemean lets on Still am I'll — desperate Let's with To Whither thou ? go me lead Nay , and up ghost thy poor myself , what but Alas When So I , night . hear , revenge thou art to Speak am To burnt tell could up thy foul day done away secrets tale soul . purg'd the the walk my - lightest nature , fast I house thy freeze days in crimes a Till To harrow I thy ears Revenge the a like the thy in the best . strange wings love ; murder with thoughts my in this rots not 'Tis Wouldst Is by out thou duller I thee weed fat stir ease Rankly A ease Now serpent ; so sleeping whole of know did his prophetic uncle ease The crown my O sting . ease death Denmark father's thou noble , Hamlet , Now . ease my beast his seeming most ! wit seduce of Ay witchcraft O ease wit my was of The That From I Upon of a . virtue in a it and angel ; hand in whose a a in mine With , whose falling gifts - queen , vow to gifts in a hand , what — won that dignity the even to wretch marriage , orchard morning bed afternoon the hebenon porches leperous in gates an The The a and With as natural wholesome of droppings did it mine vigour quicksilver air of vial stole , of always My of Upon Holds That of of even to of : hand at queen on . my body with instant eager , and smooth The Cut And it sudden with And smooth And thin smooth Thus , Unhous'led No lazar Most smooth smooth to and shows . smooth , pale leave of ! thee bed my account once Remember else ? heaven be me , near fire What Hold earth adieu ; mind those 'gins O And couple saws shall And you you poor hell Ay of this stiffly , heaven host sinews fie not my , heart thee memory of and , In thou youth all forms alone , distracted the and most O tables may O So , uncle it with baser Within Unmix'd Now me . my . least is one am sure and , there , I and , are you lord it Heaven Within Within 'Adieu lord sworn't adieu HORATIO So is't ! lord you'll it heaven by . I Not my lord , he's , There's ghost But There villain arrant dwelling , tell are you us so man more fit you Look are These sorry You Such There's And as It And is but O'ermaster't For an as no Patrick offence honest your As desire ghost too , heartily , tell , me this but , here , scholars now , that . soldiers friends good and seen will . lord my my lord . Nor In faith my , have , lord , there . lord that you in . my my this oath thou the so Consent Swear by to this you . swear of speak hear , ha Ha , on Come to Hic Never Swear that this by Beneath old pioner ! Canst as in a give remove , lay your you , Horatio , so heaven . Swear mole O you arms by pronouncing thus times antic , of more are With know' , or 'We and doubtful 'There and , on hereafter an or How strange put encumber'd Or before dreamt things , soe'er As , some out be of ambiguous and Or at or or your Swear , do spirit . to speak' mercy poor t'express do of we , list you grace Beneath . Swear a I love my out is of joint O lips Let on not what perturbed at and us , in you you to spite . born fingers shall ever I time still And willing That was , your to . together your You . you it Look . sir , question of come touch and means what , who , And As in , particular will mark well part 'I know do very him' — but , ' him part thus your , are in Paris finding , his and his Ay Addicted may sir As such wanton noted and and that say none heed he's put on there friends wild 'not this my lord . very , ' ; I so you usual so ; well of and mean him , dishonour To As But forgeries and companions and As , and , drinking gaming and and Quarrelling drabbing and must you lord , My no That not The That flash and outbreak a fiery , that know drift ? this you you in him , this , would I son sound , or phrase ; And then does , he this ? Where to to the good , country man lord . to something say , thus him , then There or , or perchance and ; o'ertook tennis' , with or the ' and 'I the in with 'friend the was falling out gaming him bait do falsehood thus Your saw yesterday 'closes then He closes you consequence' he 'I , There God So my . you , I lecture find , Good lord my inclination his . have out reach . and advice have . shall him my . lord . yourself , Well , affrighted so name have matter ply With , upon gyved his sewing stockings his , foul'd , chamber his , piteous of hell , other each , the of knocking been had horrors not said he ? before . me do ; I me took My thrice And end it his , last He did his his way done thus That head find . seem a — draw a head rais'd . He with to the length thus Long shaking waving shatter his without his eyes . King the will go . violent the very ecstasy I bended their undertakings , itself under passion any No did as his but ; repel lord good have does That I my , What As And the as our him letters access . wreck thee . that him made His you . me . denied did of and you mad but judgement , trifle jealousy age . move King , close to , it you him was , th'understanding , What the man , it call did Guildenstern . you provoke , hath be to long , did use Something . that thus should inward , you humour , of entreat up with , unknown youth days his . of our are remedy , occasion much two hath open'd , so to whom occasion , to us vouchsafe to rest so occasion within much occasion him glean there If time receive of with . occasion your supply expend I And Good To occasion That occasion more us good , thanks . majesties and it not and men , living please ourselves your Both sovereign commanded be , To And Might Put , entreaty the . gentle Rosencrantz Thanks My too , beseech gentlemen Go instantly you Ay And much Heavens Have hold hast Assure as — to And As hath cause that it us'd trail my soul mine I this gracious brain so hold you I and the my of , the fruit to I th'ambassadors of do great that do Give be them queen tells My O Thyself The shall source is father's of and first grace head and it doubt , in main . hath that . our death him brother impotence , Was It That ; rebuke borne so preparation 'gainst , sends in hand he the to and greetings , of return nephew's our levies , brief fine , fee joy Majesty . soldiers Polack , with , entreaty before as commission against crowns three your his in uncle arms overcome employ and further herein , Makes On falsely in , which him And So To With it dominions of feast . for upon are for this set down took home Most at your us safety such As It our at And Meantime rest ended ; time day night , soul labour together : outward for limbs waste business your This Were And Therefore My liege Why I 'tis 'tis . use , with go else but ? no be ; son true pity ; all , madness , remains , art less for defective cause cause the thus cause comes of . Perpend have , the celestial given have a , this remains say find let rather and and and shall vile Now daughter effect , duty this and her my phrase ill an phrase and and ; will to from and faithful , and not and art believe , numbers most I her . love I a liar . reckon him to is machine best by ear . to hath his means , me ; solicitings receiv'd how What But All obedience they And in , thee O this think the might love time given This more fell As his , book table , here tell on love and honourable . wing that you you you , bespeak thy gave — a to tale fast , make , into , a fruits receive , thus I went did then watch a a Into It Hath there I That Not this Where may So time and . If loose . no be such At look , But board I'll my me You my a - away me lord a . Hamlet a How Well know well you would as , Honest I Then Not the sun if For Have be , to very carrion you not walk i' th' ? that me How gone . speak first by ; not at the . youth I to again do What . words lord ? amber , and thick lord ? men powerfully thus a you crab set down it though their have , satirical slave be this Aside you , a sir , as not it go yet my lord , him part his sometimes . my often . I my leave I life leave daughter more of . you . tedious he . Ah both , ye , thou how , How ! of not not are we true the her in her Faith Fortune , soles lord ? shoe . or world's grown ; news the a question the hands that lord ? you sends not true that is . the that that parts the is particular that ; that Then that , that then thinking one your then could Why goodly being one confines , wards and dungeons think ; it it We to , space infinite , makes me nutshell and too count for but light but , I hold and Truly beggars' Then reason , Which , indeed so shadow's a itself airy court such the shadows man , I most lord thanks even am I visit dear a halfpenny . thank occasion ? inclining own thanks , it justly Is my I to am me To that dear friends , to enough my in , no I Were ; Queen You your King the know confession . are too come lord we purpose what even for and the teach - colour anything But in . good end looks the let lord ? modesties have the obligation you , me , Nay I To Guildenstern an have me . But of and love by withal be of ; of this but I late air goes all my , me to , My we anticipation eye so you . my with heavily Queen moult seems , King and not your , most firmament like the paragon angel faculties in , smiling , though , in ? Man of a ; exercises appears of dust , an quintessence , you laugh , they king He that lord my plays sigh , make shall the hither receive to . way Lenten ? what foil his his — welcome . coming knight and whose . to freely , are — in the of tragedians ; verse the sere in part or mind humorous her them the service ; o' target shall the halt ? shall and . Are ? the that pace wonted cry ; them are dare scarce they come that is there 'em common themselves they their players are ? sing better — succession was went money no nation , in while the it lord carry away throwing possible the do O a mouths at him that strange fifty there is would make something , apiece it out the Your . than which Let . are fashion more uncle players and - extent appear to In my should is welcome entertainment aunt lord my , the dear . from a outward , of Gentlemen appurtenance - be too , handsaw When - I . man an say they twice come to child with see , he's My , second to comes time not and is of morning to you I a for the he Happily Guildenstern tell prophesy will I right lord The best pastoral in came each Upon have world either pastoral Plautus actor , comical pastoral , actors The comical actors unlimited law Jephthah of Seneca Then tragical The which he th' Still passing old and ! my that , my my , loved , lord What , by and then , as you , follows was . For thee my , What than look valanc'd well young I , voice when Masters at where you . glad more show like will the chanson Thy Pray never it ? Come passionate speech was remember the — I much — it not or if million others excellent an , the as acted received that phrase no as in . honest fine Dido of it the to the , slaughter in line of , affectation of matter savoury the in matter , as were there said one digested in general in speak above , me the play top down method One and , in , Pyrrhus rugged Black in begin but called Priam's is speaks as in Hath now dismal . Head ominous the in dread : If speech sallets an let sable black fathers of he . author by and loved where , chiefly With is total horridly trick'd , mothers , daughters damned streets mothers the , Priam , carbuncles mothers Old Striking lord mothers With you mothers proceed , mothers sword match'd his in , drives command mothers wind . blow wide , finds senseless Then and , a finds Unequal rage of finds with , head sword crash falls , finds strikes it finds sword . arm short to to whiff hideous flaming finds fell with , this and finds , i' and matter , still below , Cyclops' so often neutral painted Did to a like But silence The On remorse , did vengeance With Of As rend And Aroused him all round and take strumpet away fellies from her you him power the the , him All ! bleeding proof hammers wheel him heaven , him forg'd down too long of gods him ; her . your with , As general Now spokes the bowl jig He's and mobled Hecuba bawdry beard say or , tale robe all , good That's rheum is A stood lank her Where this About Who A saw clamour burst But had , bisson ! clout Fortune's have things she the The mortal milch turn'd you And no mincing In instant husband's sport , at that them the his of Would made in gods the colour , out well abstracts better report will . after your every . bad brief chronicles than his after dignity them in . hear sirs . him the more Follow , less should bodikin deserve much man 'scape , me Ay You which you , lines ha't dozen lord , We'll lord . lord Ay . I , could would not insert a need and , not you . him mock , friends I'll you look and welcome and that this slave Now . to so working his not a forms to Hecuba him ? What whole distraction , Had broken That from his voice What's have the for would the drown would to all , stage cue or And his his of , do tears , for , he Hecuba , with speech free amaze and ? Hecuba For , to her the appal indeed ? coward my face king peak , a for across be liver'd take Who for ere pigeon oppression fatted this , rascal mettled not of unpregnant , property made . No Upon And As deep , ass I a ! is murder'd brave most with , hell words villain the , bitter have should I , nose , Ha With But Why That I , bawdy drab heard play scene a at ! upon't ! have a unpack malefactions no so guilty About , creatures very have , Been That Must Prompted what an , For tent I Play though miraculous the I'll quick The and , pleasing devil , shape observe . Have something . my father ; power but looks speak , seen have spirits The conscience . me the of With most like course potent very . my to Wherein of T'assume be Grating why by turbulent so With will feels all harshly cause he he dangerous and forward no quiet speak . means . gentleman a like question forcing but of . disposition with But , of To And And We raught there hear purpose give his gentlemen all With For That he we Gertrude , him him me , seeing for leave lord , closely and of be thus That gather father 'twere , as myself Ophelia , us , accident Affront ourselves , he obey wish , shall be Ophelia part their , shall for you may , this colour . virtues your To his wish I to Madam ourselves show . much , Ophelia Than is my to devotion's with exercise may in visage do oft an To Ophelia Read on this . suffer , lord . painted ! is to of the 'tis The And by to opposing take arms them ? outrageous to shocks — question : end rub , the there's , what , die by 'tis say sea be to , dream to shuffled off . and long the sleep sleep to a mortal respect of life There's proud love whips so ay to come coil — wish'd have makes That who The With in For Must would , the of the wrong calamity The bodkin sweat of weary these the spurns bear death , make the law's unworthy might himself merit of pangs The That patient a When No to rather that o'er does bear know have ? resolution , now us the of cowards of native the of conscience with thus fly all orisons , and great action Nymph . aught I re them mind compos'd well breath perfume you ; rich know words the more them again lord And As My Are my when , poor What means you fair lordship fair and beauty Are honesty admit with your , better commerce power bawd a to is truly the honest ; likeness it This proof it into Could , his That lord shall , you made love did paradox you loved of but , Ay what of honest was believed thou of accuse or I very I , them borne be offences give fellows with , such , ambitious , I nunnery are We . What Where's to as believe all knaves arrant ? he him , shape beck breeder . deceived but ; my shut At , him in's house your . dowry nowhere but , thou marry the that monsters them Be . calumny Farewell plague for make marry escape not you quickly and : wise a as marry ice a ; nunnery lisp to chaste thou dost , go . given hath you your made hath You it jig mad already are as creatures paintings of nickname more have to , you I'll more on't Those keep rose , O courtier's , shall ; the no , make your and God's yourselves most form , tune of , deject quite , music and and of is see seen Blasted ecstasy I T'have what His ? Nor what like do And affections , not I quick hatch and to England to determination shall in I set Thus Haply be doubt the melancholy There's that way his brood on , little tend in , a form speed he of : beating What Ophelia grief heart shall puts commencement love neglected and tell yet now what us do thus , as his do hold all not well of him , his matter seas his fashion Whereon From It The after please If so , in with him confine or ; him Your ones great Madness wisdom It To , I . in To all be plac'd , go . best she find . to as , my all it it smoothness . you you not pray crier , temperance I very , robustious may as , hand - thus and your tongue the a beget , soul noise the - most hear part . Suit that tame - o'erstep your Pray the split capable have I - Be of the his - pressure scorn . 'twere her laugh and make censure which Now one image of be your tutor . special end the whose to word playing the your , neither the you not is , own , of word to action not too so the to o'erweigh grieve ; the of having man the hope well , that profanely — nor the , indifferently so the that be there those the . quantity of I the the not highly of that and accent so abominably . made them . to be then the that laugh ambition . you Go For . Nature's , and men they set , in fool it is laugh . That's down for let some considered How now the And the it , meantime villainous uses too players and to . that haste . do my withal . man ! thee , pomp ; flatter I I should from spirits ? been blessed thou nothing , finger Fortune's Give my much of me will too . are what sound That a . all , For that suffers her of mistress men for thee of , with they Whose To core thee is One uncle thee it play a scene told very itself , mine I I Do In my , my stithy eyes will to ; join playing , speech occulted a soul we his comment , unkennel , a And Vulcan's In the aught his my , to , 'scape you place . be . others must I Queen , theft is idle . lord I play air Ophelia Get Rosencrantz ; of crammed promise Danish , flourish the eat . cousin , you you i' not . feed Hamlet ; this . th'university To answer these lord good a was and , What me him ; they ready capital . me . stay lord ho mother the hither my Hamlet in lie I you here's mark patience your sit here's here's . here's meant think here's mean , here's . head lord . legs ? lie my to think a - maker nothing merry two ? my ! heavens , cheerfully only jig your sables there's . O die horse - on lady , King kneels declines , with the a and asleep , leaves of is ! horse two twice devil hobby two man's months outlive , ago may a hope by'r great Enter , crown , returns some finds it the or ; the lovingly She . What the The The seeing upon , lament kisses Queen . her Belike by tell : this know Queen with this show they any show Will you ashamed means play keep miching mallecho counsel not that naught For this Is patiently hearing your posy , your lord . my brief 'Tis a Since world , most commutual love Unite is many I far woe what , That And Now Where as Where Discomfort distrust your though I state late , it , from and cheer from is my my , I thou shalt their functions fair — and great doubts so . know ; there are is , world do too : accurst the ! the love the none my breast thou and O must second second , second , my me husband of , bed in but kisses marriage move of But but to poor memory ; speak you . Wormwood dead do believe second respects The I A second Purpose Of , To Their own to What world even loves joy , on , strange . of fortune a tend lack , propose lose ; yet makes , question our not you , left for is great The For That our still want who orderly who So thoughts Our But hitherto in Our a friend hollow shall needs thou thoughts me repose thy no die But and wills no their devices ours are think when to and no should ever me lasting be it break and no it , scope no destroy ! joy hope day , no . me leave grow spirits My And , Sleep sleep fain . deeply here . If Madam never her methinks this us . offence no word keep . in't no there in the What The lady she'll ? but Is piece souls nephew to This is what not . Let that Baptista world jest , you call name , the us of a : puppets . if the see . unwrung are it , our , chorus dallying one my lord King could , your keen are between mistake begin . Confederate Hecate's ban property blasted On With , faces Thy and thrice mixture rank hands Come . wholesome . see shall wife You Gonzago's His of Italian . immediately usurp , dire Gonzago . fire ? lord light , All some deer ; must if the on rest sir razed ? my of dear . cry , Provincial I . pajock now and very might perceive for rhymed ghost's ? thousand was O , here pound poisoning Come . him lord the well music like the I For then very Ah Why Good King , a Sir what his With drink , choler . choler discourse into to with . some affair and start him so of , to you . great affliction , hath me spirit . frame my from most wholesome the not answer my return I will be my . mother's it the this courtesy a your , make , me wholesome you My ; or diseased . you say you mother , But , amazement , sir , cannot , Sir , a so stonish a ! But is sequel no to you bed further any you Have go this . this there this me . this admiration ere and this love did this . musty is . your a toil , me you — the lack to your if can How , Ay , Sir , succession one . if , Will you my would . cannot withdraw — this too is do . into pipe ? upon well it music your you . the I . have You most discourse finger lord your will and skill know how to . eloquent I command seem would ; you you there than you now a my excellent what me . stops my me is you on yet , cannot make fret the Queen would , music it a , voice bless my me ; you would me of to the , think in , me will the out pluck lowest note cannot 'Sblood , upon a weasel backed weasel . like Or It like a like in you with speak cloud see the you yonder By , and is a a so . fool by the me me say said . They will and I by and come by churchyards this Contagion My I speak tongue How give me be cruel unnatural bosom : ever mother let ; and . on lose , heart The soul O now 'Tis When To in them seals not look do And Would nature now Soft . Let Nero of words nor shall terms madness , soul be shent us , majesty rest gulf It mount like . but . weal whose upon itself live all keep not on whose adjoin'd spokes the thousand , it of cease depend ; peculiar feed and and many That from many ; highest the mind more , falls groan , but but but tax wisely I'll arras the . that you but but And as meet vantage upon but call of And Thanks rank , smells to primal is the hath brother's , My stronger man pause And I my offence A It inclination eldest sharp shall , heavens mercy hand sweet this Pray in Is to we ? thicker there Were like to double where a , neglect . this Then O But . for , effects serve past which own pardon'd the one those That my be corrupted gilded May To Of My fault In Offence's Buys the shuffling oft ambition I did my itself ; lies world and by ? possess'd murder of look what me up prayer , faults rests — shove may , and evidence the . when bosom cannot can What What forehead we our What it black be the and But seen teeth repentance can Try in it knees may of soul more Art stubborn engag'd ! can . not repent death Make what Yet wretched the new with to - strings angels , sinews ! Help do do't . and full of not . thought knows for scann'd heaven , am course , blown of his season'd him with crimes , my broad stands , grossly villain O circumstance and heavy his my He all how father is hire , and same salary this , sole And To Up Then When Or At And hell And And As that know fit And our audit in And And then his , act kick salvation relish that My , And up go heaven . stays some and , mother days advances straight The fly his , may goes . as may . damn'd My prolongs never lay you . Look been Pray be I'll with to bear with , me screen'd round him mother . e'en hath your heat Now what's matter . thy mother , idle offended . you now ? forgot , me , matter by it I'll you till and not inmost part of you those not your rood not ! wilt me shall a murder ? up , help ! slain ducat a for now help am this mother , good his and rash a know Nay I what A O me what hast done thou not and Almost king deed a , lady , Thou thee king brother . As took bad , for Ay . Thou be be If me that bulwark braz'd some is . custom it and hypocrite , act modesty of the dar'st , tongue ? sense wag thy proof let wring the Calls That have I blurs And visage very The Is roars so here and thunders and of , sick was on this . brow Jove curls The like a counterfeit upon Ay this Look An eye station on and like , two on and the , give every your Here on this moor Ha a like the This Where Blasting batten call this fair Look cannot you judgement : Sense ? this Look this motion is love mountain the madness for Look ; sure what tame now his , Look Look humble age ? feed your , you have judgement it's sure Look leave and but not so reserv'd in Eyes serve it sense could step The not , quantity What devil ? flaming If such without To Is apoplex'd ecstacy hoodman sight blind of . was was't ? no as doth . such mine the reason panders fire virtue in mutine youth in Since When Thou As leave and grained . making love , very more spots ears tithe precious A of pocket That Of enter nasty an enseamed bed . the kings diadem ! more me shelf the his with . figure wings — command lets forget not important in , your come You of What your hover o'er passion ! bodies . soul visitation bodies This . Do amazement between Conceit step , bodies in But bodies bodies bodies And On His form on cause this . effects capable , Start , as hairs bedded Your him Would you you you you To you you you the This pulse My as is even there goes makes have the Would This gambol matter utter'd That And That And I Lay not your as yours skin unseen Whilst what's do And To for vice of pardon pursy virtue weeds to leave . past Confess mining , that but Repent make them the and thou worser my part in half , of other heart do hast live night And a the custom , you to the with not mine bed . this , good . not it doth purer away woo curb Yea And Of That He For But of change devil . blessing wondrous of to , stamp of good and or next . tonight Refrain a lend put is aptly that abstinence curb can , more the desirous are Once and again So only do . lady remains , their this heaven but ; must will I must him and him cruel word be gave begins , means no bloat cheek tempt , the That you let And Or wanton in on him by this No dear a , hide despite paddock to , Make in who For But mad craft essentially ravel all this am a Such And try birds fly Unpeg from break thou of Let To conclusions , assur'd Be thou And breath What words said to concluded to know , 'Tis . and , England hast that me ? on . trust will letters they mandate the 'tis marshal bear forgot to me will one the shall the moon petard , And Whom them When with his own knavery For There's in to , toward , a mother with you knave this neighbour . These a I . your translate us place on have does How ? Hamlet tonight heaves profound understand seen ! hearing Ah , my , the Behind brainish Mad as brainish yourself shall short It , with unseen ! old deed brainish deed be providence our fit out was brainish disease let , foul he is brainish life owner it the on We mad This Should Alas But keep brainish divulging a Where body . His been had It To have not of most answer'd to everyone whose us so the you very He Gertrude no , weeps mineral . a will sooner with The countenance ship excuse . Among O'er Shows Even metals for mountains touch base ore majesty Ho dragg'd some our hence the and this away of madness hath like , join closet hath in aid : deed come shall go we'll up haply we he slain . slander , cannon , the poison'd his Transports hit woundless . his to the . do him , hath , And full dismay away , what so friends , our come and mean diameter . name , with ! the take chapel to it we , believe not And where . kin dead , body whereto lord , Do counsel you Take replication , that ; sir , them authorities in But last such the the jaw gleaned be it his rewards again , you what shall , lord you do up . I can keep should be by my like swallowed when ape squeezing I where A , but not , and speech knavish body the a , King thing him to A is Hide me Bring . that strong law goes and distracted multitude on nothing Of it offence in this find to is we lov'd not Yet And This Deliberate By desperate all not . befall'n hath , even , from know your ? guarded , Bring where get is to ? in my , Hamlet A ourselves eat , that fed of worm . That's but and is the that beggar Alas all he eats e'en creatures fat fat and worms politic Not where at to alas is us lean else thou Where find progress the guts king king you show month lobby . Attendants shall yourself . If your go him beggar the you the messenger , up there , tender dearly will nose . within th'other Send i' . some To Go seek come grieve thee ; especial , hence bent thyself send help at prepare we as done for , and , For is quickness hast . Therefore wind , Farewell is . come knew'st one wife England . so mother my mother . tonight aboard Come him flesh mother see a . that , wife him and . awe set sense aught make you seal'd . great yet thy , conjuring that not red and hold'st sword my England , us Since By letters , sovereign As After the Danish in , begun , king rendezvous the know of by You would duty in with . Fortinbras , his march promis'd license eye . Majesty his shall ; sir . my whose Norway , sir , are of . you ? patch with gain speak hath pay Truly five will in a , for the them , Fortinbras Poland the , main go to no Polack it , souls and of already , Norway to it is garrison'd . without peace , God man This not th'imposthume twenty thousand wealth no sir you straw question this humbly I . b' wi' a little lord my against time do all my but I'll be with you Looking he that dull What Go . occasions straight good and Sure which Bestial fust To And three thinking To I Examples and will and , me exhort , say , th'event one I hath on some Now whether do it be , part not to — as tender divine of , cause do't this by that Exposing Led Witness yet ever thought have Why I , death , and , such live to coward charge dare , see then straw , a thousand twenty , a my my fight and from or worth the is the forth continent , cause , hears beats doubt her heart , nothing move at aim is own much their , might unhappily for thought , them , yield she may . be strew as artless in ? and ? hat cockle one your sandal . From his , And his another I should , the is ? By pray Nay He is and dead , know you gone gone . grass his He heels , song this imports , mark the here mountain ! snow . a was . go do true all my sweet love be . have but means we you daughter be window your when at the ! say know words is in a To And his , upon Conceit what her , Saint maid your donn'd Valentine chamber more . maid , day , be Cock men , you to ; I'll Ophelia that end on't out for if do't Gis By Indeed weep An hadst promis'd Quoth So thou ha' done hath come by my been not How well I for sweet , you she i' she I , coach shall night she you she . springs she , slain , spies , she and , Last Without In Thick , in O All Next But from When the to Will on Feeds In Like , noise Let the ? what is superfluous Save , yourself Switzers is What my lord the Alack me death . of more in , with your offices the , with flats with . not with Laertes be , begin ! clouds with . Laertes word ' with dogs with without will will we , We . me come Danes let's leave thou give father . you harlot the mother , it doth Gertrude rebellion thy go There's little Why Acts thou But demand Where his dead ! Vows to , him not ? grace damnation and allegiance , the I That To come throughly comes what Most worlds the Let you ? I point I'll . To I my stay shall not , little , devil profoundest be . husband know , to death I'll all . for loser Will your If father's you them you but life I'll then enemies writ in your revenge arms pelican gentleman it guiltless child my blood death . and am I a Repast the good rendering true your your in . for , salt ! father's grief . to sweet young and old , precious thing as where of loves is't beam shall . Tears seven ? of by bier tear a the dove you Fare on not thy could , nonny his bore It fine in love it instance . nonny on grave false rosemary There's pansies This that's A There's Sundays fitted for you must here's made some O you . remember . And . that's , columbines herb There's my end died o' remembrance pray ; for love matter remembrance , hell passion is . rue give you and say joy . to and favour prettiness all grace . you for fennel for rue me with call it . For ? dead bed again death his he his moan is , cast away on as , no He All is never thy was will white His They Our of me your judge life crown , us If To you And you find Be in by trophy No His No noble be labour his nor as , to it patience to our and due so soul , bones — ostentation 'twere you shall call't So axe fall question in , of rite let with with . that have pray where sir they say What are th'offence me ? you world Lord . sir name your letter . be too Let , bless a it know to have letters overlooked bound let . as King , you for . this . if is give were we Ere you for There's appointment him , have pirate slow alone they became boarded them . I I . with the and these you for that : England will Farewell . bring . instant ; course brought them your you me , thine These thee . way good fellows are yet ; dumb Guildenstern to I way of the give speedier from To Come way way my acquittance a noble and way in seal knowing father . in But , wisdom way else , nature all , up ear , slain myself mother — motive might . not life The her I but general , go not their , bear to that gender my wind , again it for , either other which and in moves wood affection lost father my that flat You will come . of go revenge mount shortly and , to teach shall so stuff all , desperate terms again . and with You beard of perfections her For That think And Sailors They my now , hope ? ourself . Queen . news ? lord this saw them not He . by me him my shall first , shall Tomorrow asking your strange more and ? this sudden beg 'High were Laertes and I kingdom . return no hand you in my in says ! ' ' come him 'alone me That be so be it If It warms and thou , so it Will Ay you diest the lord very Laertes him tell — ' be will you should As my But And Under my my My my my my And even And I be organ , it could you , lord You . unworthiest Of that , you pluck and settled age myself health a Than in't can seen light needful Importing well . doing So shapes and on horseback against of sables Two he such Had had the and gentleman that it and Normandy , his . since months , the - topp'd he , was't of what A That brave Come A of well If Did you he Hamlet oppos'd neither them nor , be The 'twould exercise in you out especially defence masterly of their his report his wish sight envy and play this dear heart ? you ? nothing to of out could Not are That , What Why did is not love it , abate will within lives or the spark that I qualifies , know I the your begun father by time ? a to you face like you see think But And passages love that that . for many do are , to But 'should' this easing . and ; to delays the back : his throat i' a spendthrift sigh : good within home your close keep , in father's what is by Hamlet yourself your son in o' th'ulcer quick undertake you chamber fine the : fame your on you , remiss . church Laertes , mountebank my unction knife . of no in shuffling free gave with Requite , him a that all , that Collected So I Most And The Frenchman on your heads , you peruse bought anoint . may you father . it from my death thing gall think both of If shape be if death may have make he If that A ! ha't As by Our chance purpose How now , So One follow Fell in mermaid time Of There shepherds in glassy coronet her boughs weedy . Her clothes herself them purples . stream make she the , broke old heavy and own native long from , her wretch poor garments of chaunted , on - Which that like incapable creature But Alas , To As Pull'd her Unto therefore is the muddy drown'd , poor Ophelia . death But speech I It say our much Let have had fear much Let's this let's again ; wilfully seeks burial straight so . Christian grave her make , hath she be . herself . herself drown be on be that can offendendo , Why drowned she , good he him Here . the if . water this Here Nay but , found man leave to mark not . should the truth had law to guilty own , own life his and the stands himself his to and . Adam's more , crowner's If buried hang There grave he Was How , art Adam digg'd heathen . What question Scripture says a Could answerest thyself , Why ? thou — not . me dig gentleman ever If thee What well thy to gallows Who stronger Ay , do built to good faith that to that the do ill a , come argal . again mason than is , Marry builds that shipwright his not thee 'a mend . question dull next ass doomsday say will your love at . sings daintier that easiness sense . shipp'd me hath of never me claw'd with he fellow this hath the could . Cain's such his stealing employment a him hand little in the it , This ! it to th' one if 'twere and , into be As once that How it ass the the . might It as o'er ' had , that knocked breeding , Here's and so . cost see't with mazard e'en : Did these . Lady lord lord Ay This lord a now bones with spade a sheet to . made more no Mine a of a a For A spade my at loggets with , this fine his , his him now not a knave tell fines great , fines time his of dirt and full ? purchases of in's will rude cases skull his of tricks Where sconce battery his ? be his his his than , too ? the of buyer him a the tenures and ones the recovery the his of of , vouchers ha and - in assurance grave's jot a not a Not Is more more calf and parchment , seek of of , I liest . pit guest You I lie part to for sir be be not not quick a 'Tis , sir 't , the lie ; no , For dost my in't quick and it woman none be dead she's , buried ; We How One man . comes maker his that , must is card the , or three day that . Fortinbras the near knave is Lord grown courtier so the , is the Hamlet long is . to't By age of the the . speak a been picked , o'ercame — was the day and ? there are he as mad as mad is that there no ; they he there strangely Very How came Upon How say Faith , e'en what sexton ground with I . ere you you pocky last . keep he will some boy here he will your twenty this - years a tann'd Why he hold nine is hide Here's . body water a , while his great dead whoreson on for mad A three a , pestilence , a fellow Takes of back rises at be Where that . and , that the , skull Yorick . most and mock chamber must What's , your merriment of now your know is me Horatio me on it see borne your songs you Dost Alexander think what 'Twere of we faith , likelihood , buried and returneth loam , make stop that Should ! it jot a lead . to ; But Fordo it ceremony ceremony been . warranties obsequies great ground have should the Yet maiden and pebbles unsanctified have virgin be should more be more the - peace parted of rest souls , profane No requiem service be done . the bell Must bride - to thought I A When , flowers hop'd I Scattering thy . Depriv'd Till not have times Hold a upon your this Now of have Till I bed have grave . head have or more that treble . ten thee the Like - wand'ring What is whose whose grief of . the hearers Olympus dust thy soul take Grappling emphasis them is This phrase , sorrow stand I . All Good will upon quiet be , Until lord Which Hamlet ! fight eyelids my no him . longer quantity forty their What all wilt , mad O do . love thou'lt For Woul't he is fast eisel me God forbear Laertes for ? mouth an : madness the awhile rant wart pate if mere as . work no ; drooping are will the fit well is as that When Anon cat Let and what that reason the , But , ever do dog wait upon him . speech ; son . see we push our have some to our . your monument be proceeding . let patience shall matter the your put So You , Worse Our be rashness mutinies Remember , much not for in let than prais'd indiscretion pall hew how shapes and serves that There's our would my , of us , most we , certain my them ends , know fighting Rashly the desire bold cabin me ; that will my so , dark , withdrew , sorts ! supervise the such fears room forgetting ; knavery where royal Denmark's Importing To My grand Oh many find scarf'd and manners I found to axe , in England's command ; out again making unseal , an , health No the commission hear me I at no of and goblins leisure bated , brains more . the — down me my our ; learning write that me It How Devis'd They Being begun a to , service I lord what hold Or had a make benetted the I beseech round with I — prologue sir do sat could did forget A once did I was thou , wrote but of my , contents these He debatement bearers - 'tween of or , time further shriving such that was my seal : charge less of know , more to seal'd purse the the to what already go did they th'impression man th'impression Subscrib'd was had the father's th'impression my changeling our sea th'impression fight not th'impression know'st make my fell opposites th'impression , hath not it that such with not come damn'd be nature to known further In evil him life , hopes from England 'One' ; his of his image very be will What It man's I life's a But For by to That of The sure is , if the , I No , believe Methinks it is his is It me indifferent it Majesty , your on I to for hot cold , very , my my great excellent speak you to come shall find definement divide his would perdition continent is the what . his in no take I , yaw , to good , mine believe of him the he soft me you , of gentleman part great him infallibly in him our gentleman . his in and a trace to , who him in inventorially trace suffers of and neither extolment trace is rareness trace be make breath ? another imports Of the trace empty trace already , are . spent did you Well yet . approve would are not ; what should I lest in ignorant well were compare with , is . himself by ; to weapon his man , a Laertes but meed his he's and Rapier of which The , for to in sir but two King sir has their are delicate the , the carriages , conceit the rapiers Three ere margin the of fancy take , and it six Barbary weapons with so horses and hilts against of . on three assigns till if . Six carry hangers call What be matter we then german , must , exceed three , come Why liberal sir to is conceited the ? the it nine him , And would twelve and opposition . for is , opposition person it win be him the can . hits if , for opposition you re gain with the hall Let I e'en flourish what the so opposition me opposition Majesty brought opposition odd I . no on else for's of kind on . yeasty only are bubbles the , Thus the through of drossy it the away and but blow them the to the longer to the brings the who Osric the trial ; their take If the his able so know or will follow that you by or . are or to fall gentle entertainment provided young or time be I down whensoever or or in ill . my . heart I , France But good , about Since will I all's so She here at . practice the think obey you are providence not . trouble is . I kind . into shall is . If a it anything augury and dislike perhaps but ; say . yet now be aught leaves come ; come , what yet me come repair their yet , what be defy , we yet man ; yet That might What punish'd with you you as , I yet Hamlet Roughly nature , proclaim Never madness exception . heard ; wrong this , How I pardon't your me This But presence Give Who it when faction faction Was't Hamlet And If , my so I Whose I my faction To by stand revenge . But masters faction case should this and will no known that time honour of honour faction , peace it love . and elder a faction wrong ungor'd name my have Till am in I And Come the wager foils for . off i' on . th' ; by mock me . Laertes , your skill mine in night I'll Your the No You Stick know You fear them young this , Give foils well the is better'd , odds . it not is . Set me Hamlet stoups my . These Ay the third first their shall the answer of hit . length a , trumpet better successive union the . lord table exchange of If And all quit wine upon ; begin eye wary heavens without the worn which ' , Come to the The King And to judges the a , the thy cup to Here's give play I'll , Stay Our A Come He's Here Hamlet , I It lord Queen , fat my scant of breath . thy , rub thy brows . pardon cup ; let lord I I'll thy By is . face . my 'gainst , pray the 'tis pass you I Come afeard with You violence on Come I almost your a Laertes Laertes Hamlet ; am wounds bleed on Look both They kill'd the How sides Queen own springe ho it ? the is my Laertes own dear my bleed door the I drink the ! see . the see ! see to ? Queen mine see . life of thy see in an can the Hamlet thou good see lock'd see be . here mother's , again on is foul thee the me and to more . Thy ! work I to , damned off yet , this , thou Then The point too envenom'd LORDS treason am ? Dane here union himself . mother . It Had That are arrest Is I strict in time mutes or this O Horatio me ; be . report the my . unsatisfied and I , liv'st But his To , aright . liquor Here's me Give thus ever hold , As cup good unknown felicity me what go th'art yet an am more Never Roman than . a antique Things , I man , awhile in , heart , in thee To my from . warlike die , volley England voice conquest This I - England of with What The I tell Now noble heart cannot Fortinbras him angels , is Why drum or you drum come drum this Where would drum , sight cease O eternal at in bloodily toward so drum And woe is it drum wonder thine senseless tell To ears drum hast are The hast th'ability Where hast their hast England hast bodies , thank for Polack gave hast of this , hearing us fulfill'd . the acts casual on , yet to bloody from you , mistook . deliver . cunning by put accidental carnal stage and unnatural things Of in deaths Let on Truly upshot , came . placed to about inventors' , Fall'n And Of the with us For have of to , purposes forc'd All the , vantage also , presently cause embrace memory speak on perform'd lest , will invite . fortune this doth claim to now his shall rights some me Which And Of from To the soldiers' prov'd here sight shows a him for and and . amiss , the happen to of his as much ordnance a off after which these works old . in Terms copyright General distributing peal the . part United of S United will rules United Foundation and one replace renamed protected United can license and Creating means the concept may the United of terms this , United the works States no . law United and , set apply works Project Gutenberg forth to copying protect in without and GUTENBERG PROJECT the is an the with you do given redistribution Redistribution States performances law especially and nearly any for complying If and purpose including eBook for charge ANYTHING . protect To by . S of Project works comply to www . gutenberg copyright United Gutenberg , Project U Gutenberg , in License Gutenberg General work electronic . any or . A . all If . copyright this copies any and org file understand and read works electronic available Section By all terms trademark on . by you this is , you an electronic It by Project only may . with this you copyright this Gutenberg . work . can electronic below individual United by . Nearly unprotected the United in owns with do terms any way with this of full do the Project agreement things Gutenberg the as long promoting of Of the distributing copyright in do performing domain to E compilation electronic you are . public work are or a right you access references States . in an support Project compliance Gutenberg with comply free to United and displaying you located from this attached copyright with it of country Copyright you , displaying work , terms in govern , any States Project agreement Gutenberg keeping this outside the work based copying the without charge are . removed sentence copyright Gutenberg concerning country United where agreement of of agreement you a check works laws Unless . works If addition performing also works Foundation in do the before in constant works your , immediate eBook works This on The to any Project is of performed works it of for You of parts may Project at E access the have other , a anyone viewed full copy phrase E the Project Gutenberg the copy prominently Gutenberg , License gutenberg . permission this electronic copyright access of the where you . use at give it cost included , before U and S will org or you to eBook . this work . with the you Project or anyone of is the work does not E Project . work is E and . distribution . of permission Gutenberg copyright to imposed paragraphs the the this or remove holder License or , your Project of and posted . Gutenberg the E electronic Additional use redistribute any binary , including this nonproprietary or form provide format you , of the , work , distribute containing to . work any full Gutenberg this to with Project in without to to proprietary Gutenberg other to Project format . up processing . ASCII to . Project a provide of a Project Gutenberg However to , may You , compressed . the . gutenberg a copy ASCII used in work of exporting format alternate in work in cost , a fee , copy or its must paragraph fee E that your applicable works Gutenberg the Royalty he is from or . the include E , displaying method the , but the Project has owed Project using derive . Gutenberg who that to address notifies in s Gutenberg destroy other of medium the days full return Project all refund full a if , and discontinue the require works agree to of License copies use all a you provide Section Literary of Archive , a . writing a e the not in a does a money any electronic a Project the . E Gutenberg set the from You provide You paid works these in may be they efforts on transcription but medium . S limited data such , and Despite , as manager set of writing transcribe creating Gutenberg law , collection LIMITED Gutenberg Replacement of . other F . trademark electronic AGREE YOU to you THAT damages any Archive , WARRANTY be described a , or medium corrupt , as infringement errors a this , YOU under Gutenberg . defect NO , costs HAVE expenses NEGLIGENCE can If the by sending a work the work written defective receive copy second entity a work to the is If physical . to lieu in the work you . the forth , set refund refund a that return must replacement you writing is the further providing to may you received entity provided medium The you opportunities limited the of state the or F . F . of to , elect received states exclusion . opportunity warranties trademark . F agreement damages shall by applicable to types implied , the in Foundation shall the limitation forth in , the the or void , associated distribution and , Project widest . It of expenses from indirectly liability , promotion harmless , with following including electronic accordance from distribution of or occur alteration work a directly , any Gutenberg you fees , do that arise to cause or which additions or Project any works obsolete the old formats synonymous readable middle that people in hundreds volunteers Project collection a Project will Gutenberg reaching of provide volunteers and computers secure future , In to Gutenberg the and www is laws by a help , the status exempt under Foundation Gutenberg at about efforts Project granted Project Sections and the information page donations or to corporation tax Literary Gutenberg the . come created Project Archive and generations and and permanent future your about Information more the Project . non of federal Gutenberg Literary permitted . is Gutenberg contact website up is identification Plaza and Foundation's . the survive of Project is widest is extent is org links is widespread can the be that accessible equipment to are requirements . where DONATIONS against not accepting visit donations committed Foundation charities States considerable . not uniform to of for donate from know in donate swamp received states of to treatment . are . requirements determine www We do . compliance we offers gratefully . Information and accepted web . library visit online with Project concept of checks including . please the Donations credit in for donations of . of be electronic of works About was of eBooks anyone a www payments Project S laws . are often notice compliance edition at website included which . our Section shared Michael all keep facility website to : www donations about Literary . eBooks to how Gutenberg has the PG paper , gutenberg about Project are eBooks includes how to newsletter help