. yourself ? twelve sick thanks much am I now this relief upon to bitter . heart bed , Francisco cold And had 'Tis . you the bid Horatio my hear them this , Friends to night . ground Stand watch , haste . Who is there ? night . there is , Holla . who hath ! thing has , I Horatio will us . of twice but seen again good Welcome have Touching tush He us our eyes awhile . speak this Tush watch And let are , and , if to have the appear not apparition minutes , your story nights . down this , of , assail we speak of , seen have that the pole heaven — and one Marcellus t'illume it where then thee Last same his course . bell part myself like , dead Horatio wonder . Looks , King harrows not same off Look . it Mark with form , Denmark thee speak . thee charge ! I not look true and sensible ! speak ! gone 'Tis ! the . Polacks 'Tis he As thou th'ambitious once jump dead this he hath and martial twice With But sledded very to he frown'd Such was , So , the thought the mart brazen most me , implements of of daily toils impress nightly And And such In bodes down foreign this of Sunday this task week : me sore war of from - toward divide , least sit What Does not night the that on as , Dar'd cast be , labourer to , last appear'd . can joint I so us , of emulate esteem'd , King Norway him compact ; lands , seal'd known our of stood Did fell to unimproved list , design'd , had which which our ; the mettle skirts food Shark'd up a diet in't appear by foresaid , a So it in Of Hamlet carriage of and But source - of be through and was Comes The Is his terms watch lost sort it is watch no haste and watch watch this in question trouble palmy mightiest watch sheeted dead watch ; blood star watch of gibber tenantless the Roman the the Neptune's doomsday watch fire ; influence the even And Disasters Was in the of eclipse omen earth , fates and streets fierce in precurse of together trains stars As Upon harbingers blast , me where , coming and Lo it though , If I'll But cross Unto soft , hast any thee Speak any me . do to For speak Shall Marcellus speak partisan it , thy speak , Or speak which they womb earth of and speak oft , say , you Stay will speak Do at gone being air malicious mockery invulnerable violence show the it offer it our , it For It was ! speak summons morn . at - have warning I . lofty sea the Awake the , shrill herein to truth cock . the crowing or of , This Some erring fire is and spirit trumpet and like earth or object of ; guilty thing in day And the And The nights they say present Wherein fairy , takes I impart Unto This Walks young Hamlet , our the watch spirit do't Let's Do As have to ; of for upon by eastward hill , speak will , in you dumb we I , know fitting him our this most find I bear our be yet we Where , That hath With we Have in funeral nor scale equal our one weighing and sometime With Now Holding a , With Who , Norway impotent His lists gait this Thus To Lost by his most valiant the father Importing hath Now our To For To , his purpose young of bed nephew's : greeting no in rid full we dispatch levies suppress , Norway , proportions that the ; and subject are here and , of to the you , Out You The lose And of cannot is throne not The native to to the , Denmark more my . speak , voice be hand What Than and favour have wouldst What thou wouldst I return willingly must whence show That more You , father thy the ? mouth Laertes your duty confess He Have and my now Yet , France ; pardon my me from wrung , my give lord By his fair him be go . to consent last . thy . says leave and What slow at and I you bow And them to your ; spend laboursome do than clouds still kin , less and at Hamlet Laertes seal'd leave graces best , little more the and ! will hang cousin that eye Seek Thou Passing 'tis look like a friend . the , Denmark . I cast all noble nature through common thy on off ? thee , be cloak of windy ! customary , Nay alone of Nor Why not it , madam If so ; black know , grief , the man of . play of eye , seem . good seems solemn suspiration , me trappings which nature , in your and actions the these obligation within that a passeth suits . Hamlet ; survivor , a , course bound the some incorrect father , sense to , unmanly grief persevere ; vulgar nature fault vulgar fault who to corse , absurd , that , vulgar heaven cried he fathers first the To ; which toward vulgar you . son throne world think you common theme vulgar opposition : to less immediate our For vulgar dearest no most woe father back you in , of to , your impart I a with And going we Than of must be This As Let I not thy mother lose , with you Wittenberg retrograde in chiefest cheer bend my Denmark , reply madam Madam fair accord ; today Hamlet ; son grace of shall thee stay all and go in , flesh too earthly the the solid and Everlasting itself into melt would God had health my gentle as Sits great loving a 'tis , smiling the Re cannon the dew God garden in , fix'd world gross to my loving not an to , king ; beteem winds that and . all to on't to merely — nay it things fie me weary 'gainst Or His Fie Possess Seem How That canon , seed it two But grows might so , this heaven earth him ! is old mine she father's shoes , appetite Frailty so ; not Hyperion Frailty to That Must remember ? Why not the Heaven would Frailty With ! mourn'd yet flushing in of ; that wants name a body , Frailty — of uncle post Frailty , incestuous Frailty my is break heart , Frailty Within more discourse she even with . it cannot a reason , tongue to most O glad , or It She I Ere Had . such , the must my good . you , make from good forget you am Sir And my name Wittenberg that with friend servant ever you lord . lord , what I'll poor my . Wittenberg ? no your of know To A truant not you it is Nor I shall you . from Good you , good , sir , faith — would do I you that violence so say ear affair deep , my ! Horatio , had forth my me furnish had I Would me lord mock it upon me meats me , eye methinks , ever thrift me , met lord dearest me Thrift My saw In once him all ? for his take father deliver . me figure solemn . A , them encounter'd the Been In nights waste point Appears truncheon's length and stately oppress'd slow speak dreadful jelly with not impart And at Armed Barnardo middle exactly before dead Marcellus I and by - with : comes . third like third third : third answer third lifted up it it lord not speak did ; it watch apparition third vanish'd then even motion made to I it shrunk it morning lord , 'tis ; methought would cock as , yet did once none like and in sight away loud crew haste know duty know know know me troubles . know know lord BARNARDO my lord foot to know ? say Arm'd From lord , saw my you lord , anger you constantly Nay It I had much Most you . longer . a been have would His one Very with like might I was It saw't . his tonight it 'twill Perchance I will . silver'd sable will If warrant you I the platform 'twixt and , this tonight still . night All ! is deeds , were not you you rise men's the to them : foul . come , soul o'erwhelm still sit My as assistant the favour in blood of toy not and doubt a me , necessaries let convoy And are embark'd lasting not primy his , youth a trifling , Do you youth , of more more not as Perhaps wide withal youth soil . The thews For nature bulk service the this mind he does no youth Think youth He greatness his no now Carve youth For weigh'd himself and , on , nor , nor depends state nor birth ; nor no place it body nor says far particular saying in head Then his of this that circumscrib'd , nor , further is and to persons not subject as voice so his Than the wisdom . must give weigh so fits lose so danger desire ; sister open so sustain your ; so goes may withal act honour list affection calumnious 'scapes maid and it , my dear so so main what Youth to oft And keep , Or Fear Do Show like As I not as heart of , their liquid good But safety th'effect a steep my Too Be in itself Contagious watchman the stay I And recks fear . Occasion smiles is a leave double , shoulder , your for stay'd , aboard blessing . rede dalliance of path not But . few . sits in precepts familiar thou them friends thou Nor - new do But Of Those Be every man ear th'opposed that dull , soul unfledg'd being of beware quarrel thy to , thine but with with entrance a But Bear't For thy censure may , select France apparel the The : take , I , keep shall you And I Ophelia , to and 'Tis you Farewell of it said oft and , yourself on bounteous late of : most you very 'tis and and your the me up yourself — so as of my lord affection of daughter ? not you my hath between do , been behoves it it your audience to caution understand , made like to late , clearly so green as you circumstance me perilous know these think wind Tender teach I'll do Do Running , hath , Lends these how With call to countenance given , burns vows almost springes fashion may go soul know , both - a , in daughter making ; From this time Hamlet , rate maiden higher Lord For he presence a . it fire they and . so with This terms slander in sanctified which entreatments of your . at young walk , unholy any their few he may tether ; pious , all , bawds suits for the moment lord cold . bites is The hour now . season draws his and , to lacks think , it heard Indeed not struck of The does ? No held it I it is spirit swaggering takes his upspring thus bray . walk ? of . down , pledge his a triumph Is - of to my Ay it marry though - in mind the drunkards , some their Since As From The our heavy the Makes That Oft clepe of in it and marrow us pith and , chances mole , nature their down manners that forts much , complexion attribute in his , pales wherein particular perform'd nature they oft achievements of , defect that grace undergo as pure doubt evil take a corruption may Fortune's one these of stamp the as of dram — of star , be . censure comes own as they — virtues His , thee from in a or health heaven blasts , shape Hamlet it grace O sepulchre the ; ignorance in in burst royal not canoniz'd cerements hearsed tell thee defend of intents com'st thy airs Be Bring To Why their to father , Let Wherein reaches our our beyond thou , So Say With thoughts , and waves to do you To more go what speak by , will As if you . impartment go . fear at And Why , the . will then lord as immortal toward you forth what can life be not if tempt me Being for soul I pin's flood itself . of ? cliff lord that reason of desperation the . still looks Go on It you there And Which shall You That And Or to deprive sovereignty the , sea form , go , out cries ; not my . petty each rul'd , I'll hands your Hold And artery Nemean shall you in I By in waxes with . Nay desperate follow Have follow it state fit what issue ? me Speak ? lead will , go , Heaven me thou let's thy lend I , I Alas to render , what thou When My night walk spirit . serious ! ghost To me , to my in , bound unfold to term certain So revenge What the could Thy Make Are To And for a am ? list , O not , spheres — be . father list stand end on . upon Like But and soul hair the blazon must porpentine , with is best the in Murder ! List ever O didst God murder and unnatural as weed swift youth thou of whole thy sting his prophetic crown life . orchard of noble father's that seduce and , Mine my O Ay his that of , lust the virtuous there the ; vow dignity decline poor to it gifts as natural be link'd , never shape angel . bed , whose But court though sate So it virtue went a . in on the thy secure of And Brief But lust , mine Upon made to lewdness Though The swift such juice prey Will of celestial of effect of body posset did So , quicksilver as That natural with a lazar The curd and - The And And All my by a vile , And enmity distilment leperous an milk into it of blood with , I thin it , the eager Most was , No hast Let to those pursu'st and in imperfections but ! most my sent , once account sin ; head bear of thee O horrible be ! once at be ; aught prick And 'gins Against And and sting thorns howsoever A ! on . damned her to fie , couple O heaven shall all you , To not thy mother her the his adieu O , shows glow uneffectual . adieu you earth Hold ! holds ? old my heart thee my records . all books And saws All Within Unmix'd O baser the book pernicious , most uncle It , At So Within . ho , Hillo ho , boy , So it be ho my Come . noble my lord ! lord lord tell it . Not I No my , news What my say But ghost needs There by he's my you without , To lord i' more we circumstance and are . arrant in knave dwelling and shake that fit hold Why it right tell desire own pray for business and I'll shall it For Such no , I , I'm sorry they whirling you lord , me . and but as every are you Look , Patrick but no These by much is Yes It is't me friends are HORATIO what you swear't . friends good , request . We and , tonight . seen . indeed . stage so thou there . cellarage ? Art sword . already lord Swear . lord have seen to Cries you oath my Swear . we'll the , this heard sword , Then hither your Swear this by Swear speak And et ubique sword that . gentlemen my . our . strange welcome friends th'earth work good upon again to hereafter antic meet think come , on seeing or , shake shall , mercy , we and , 'There could note and , not help might' they to if , would' you . pray in you , together go , cursed O . joint lack love not t'express , still time Nay God to it together ; gentlemen is set let's go spite . this I good lord , keep sir and you . him his do visit , said very what , who shall I first and Enquire well your as 'I this friends him , it knowledge father and ? of of ; more . well his , Paris in are Danskers , drift what Take Than part , be Addicted him sir To But As may wanton take marry , ' ' you may say and of and known 'not ; wild him usual put very , mean and You . slips none rank ; fencing may season , drinking so him in it scandal to breathe go the him so that may : but the unreclaimed assault . should Wherefore But in general Ay my , would I drift , you , you my do you slight little the you this you you soil'd you prenominate , or The As you 'Good 'twere you you According the I to , I about or crimes — this 'friend At sir Very By And was or , about my , was consequence the in then good and ' say , you , now of house : and , rouse carp of See sale' as have You . have , not and . out directions wisdom of you advice bias , I . well . music . lord ply his my fare How him Well , lord . lord , as Pale as my lord speak he his And To for My of Lord upon and shirt with not said truly , horrors Mad As if been he piteous knees his , but had thy What and all o'er of my he of length Long hand shaking up of so sigh a draw to . waving all eyes , their went his his to thrice , would with And At o' me And , Come And For with And doors . I This to go will any our you good afflict As No And I , I am I This to , grief ourselves ourselves Guildenstern , long and we provoke heard ourselves to . kept close sort younger our to the King ourselves the for , which discretion it is Come ourselves be ourselves than More The you have call put him , hath thus up both , our to and so you us to from as Good open'd , If gentry and it of please living , not , you , hope us good of shall profit remembrance you majesties thanks are our such . us king's fits Both receive command sovereign your time supply visitation the your to and To Rosencrantz Put Thanks And here commanded your full obey at . and , you Guildenstern visit . instantly these . lord news liege , good amen to and him . feast to and bring them . to . have sure found mine hear great ; th'ambassadors first death Well it shall no of is we , Welcome Voltemand what my , Say Most Upon His To nephew's into But a look'd preparation , which him to Norway desires suppress ? out brother our from first be Gives To his him Whereon give so which from old And before arms in rebuke Fortinbras On an So Receives That it As On Through With as commission , to enterprise , fee in quiet , read business labour together home well . welcome upon , your well madam and This , ended night regards rest should , be to waste night we , Most more likes consider'd we'll . took art less that Mad will tediousness since What I Were That And But us say it Thus Or farewell Madam I mad 'tis true . And cause . she whilst the out it , 'tis true , foolish no all , remains figure true this thus the . soul's and duty obedience by of cause I will use pity ; surmise mine defect effect now him comes of Now ill . phrase you a my gather , and a Ophelia the 'beautified' mark , beautified — liar are sun the that , the To an at love ill But never a move , faithful . fire ? Hamlet stay Doubt Doubt truth to , lady thee doubt these stars doth be the numbers O his daughter by means ear receiv'd she hath , to machine solicitings love . hath his show'd me of I When a faithful hot so do think ? wing and But must love me your ? be That must 'Lord you is should no No mistress prince herself the took , Thence for . raves and that fain this by now and wail and , wherein thence repulsed , he and and this , I prov'd have such be likely . and and know ? ' this , though lead positively I'd ''Tis said time When Take If truth hid the try in How daughter . it walks four sometimes know So a he the . state fall'n love indeed a try a arras then he If loose for it be me , comes both me leave give Hamlet , my , me you . Excellent Do do beseech I board does . to is one my very That's sir be maggots For sun honest the Then I would this , of world goes lord , ten thousand . a but . not he ; gone as Yet lord read the I gone me How I'll For their . matter have a thick grey , and down crab like thus powerfully amber most if in't — method , though here lack am to plentiful I it you , is as backward . the . often , grave be , this be , madness Into the be delivered , meeting madness . I , will and my take of , him leave him . part his which daughter reason and . life fools my , tedious These old Lord Hamlet . there you , save . sir Guildenstern . her soles cap Nor the Then Fortune's ? most news the her news . middle strumpet news . deserved news . news are o' news being there Then news We Denmark which is she that Prison Denmark's a my so , my lord is narrow ; nutshell that not 'tis one think is it too count the of a but substance of it . shadow's so ambition , our are God shadows beggars' Truly I hold Shall ROSENCRANTZ you , my , you visit beaten I that Is with own my , are dear it ; my You sent there is craft not sent which , your the confession of anything ? I am even poor should to . colour in enough teach must charge ever . Nay , have we so were for sent anticipation moult my mirth my promontory with sterile you look air , earth canopy , goodly exercises secrecy wherefore it not and . the the excellent no , What piece of the most . appears ; tell I other a faculties like in know indeed man this in , man , And not how like how man , man , no my man them man entertainment and man man Lenten , not ? peace shall sere ; halt th' in the lover ; the tickle the ? verse the reputation innovation Are ? city in the . and of when did comes better means , they ? it , same of so and most afraid they the clapped for't . are now top rusty is many , and can ? players do wrong as is succession common grow longer Who themselves are means them much was own their and went do exclaim they of berattle rapiers , afterwards against no the if they pursue the no should quality , if make been like , unless them there to argument , has no for bid , that , O about brains . of it his and those , 'Sblood twenty philosophy . of King is father his natural . could . players to lest welcome fashion are There , Gentlemen appurtenance of fairly outward are in my should my . you this are garb , But - north and is to they twice come Guildenstern you will Happily you , there not you comes sir he yet out at gentlemen his a time the , The actors news , tell : to I , pastoral in lord best - and of treasure What Israel what my - Jephthah O , and ' daughter , on , only , thou the , for , are . lord the , 'One The i' , fair . love daughter I th' , I not , wot where look . was , show comes I glad is valanc'd me am to O , my beard in friend you you It row came of welcome be gold the By'r . good are The , thee and will lady friends of , What . quality it lord or , acted never pleased the anything at God give ? remember , my I of — and an it with much not , when like you a , ring your . speech but it matters . uncurrent piece are all We'll e'en . was excellent make it wholesome indite the it your the was top in , see If and thereabout might that was , slaughter me was others as , was was — see in live arms night ominous the , let whose did in purpose rugged When lay it Priam's Aeneas' , line at : he , and so Black is blood With Now With now his 'Twas of not Hath vile murders , begin It is heraldry as The this dread total complexion smear'd , daughters parching damned light good gore proceed too 'Fore Old to his arm , the whiff and . Greeks Anon short lord he Unequal senseless , accent , Priam antique of , at , a flaming Ilium wind command , finds him , sword , wide where . with his feel But , Rebellious falls and with hideous top his match'd rage For . ear often heavens death as bold in Takes Stoops to Seeming But a a painted as , So hush region sets did Now Mars's less never the Cyclops' so , and the stand storm and will nothing as Pyrrhus stood - work pause thunder the a him ; Aroused In all low as to down away All wheel long on Prithee power ; of . sleeps say . fiends hill from ! bleeding gods . Hecuba to come ; 'The mobled on a It That's queen' is a robe . he the , upon , for in see sport then pronounc'd venom up — malicious treason sword her her , loins have o'erteemed tongue , head flames fear did she of , heaven has tears no out . rest milch have When the gods state would Pyrrhus if mincing things not you the bestowed well your death you report epitaph , of desert according , use and the Would . they see the thee turn'd his for , well I'll players speak you will while you every man after his their bad a have live honour Take your your merit . Dost Follow them better the whipping ? more Come in Use . Use , 'scape deserve him , tomorrow ? a need lord ? for Can lord night Ay hear not lines , would my look friends and not that To not not Ay not a a not well not What's to him to Hecuba for all And whole distraction conceit Hecuba or ? would motive the cleave I have he the Hecuba With That Had mad Confound eyes , guilty of and What the and the Make The John Like - a the should And blows . No most dear for my Yet ears mettled , property whose and drown ear - peak life king , nothing dreams very dull say damn'd Who Plucks me have , fatted bitter pigeon am , to nose beard muddy . defeat I I But Why That I what , to Must Tweaks 'Swounds Ha ! Remorseless make slave's Oh of the , fall a so though their that at have Foh drab most villain , hell with brave , murder quick If observe the course him I'll of have I'll , soul brain cursing like a play a , heard I ! to devil , with potent weakness shape , yea and , play's The than me As relative May I'll Play a know With They have it organ . and these players looks blench my he my , very damn and I his that I'll . such the on of drift no me to Abuses More catch from Grating from He Get can him so he will by no , confess we But bring Nor Did his true would with a crafty confession some . think in him about have ; true play before entreat hear me and your Majesties much gentlemen most a that the did hear To , it so Madam We my To purpose to him give , heart And drive Her With all Good Gertrude we my . too hither here , may unseen behav'd or . shall I happy your , obey Madam your wish honours obey obey obey obey wish hope again wonted his it so obey colour this book , visage obey conscience . cheek O doth that word o'er in true thing most , it . hear coming to be , suffer , rub sleep the the there's . troubles fortune outrageous a against nobler 'tis and ; is heir die — death pause that , When For The The who That have calamity of might , the off of wish'd be whips to To whips perchance sleep to in whips That that The whips whips whips To bare When whips The patient With grunt rather of and dread country that the native , of not know cowards does makes sicklied And enterprises the lose does My I ; well have receive long to remembrances - well . yours , did breath . them deliver of unkind lost you not know rich for when my ! ha things There you words them wax Rich gifts Ha And honour'd , That if , to , fair , means honest power will sooner than force of the can of commerce than sometime . the translate with beauty be you it should You into , his have my I paradox now honesty honesty transform honesty , me borne . sinners old our of loved I wouldst yet had ambitious them put in We them are . arrant What , were ? be shut doors Let . thoughts revengeful O in's own him Where's , house that play he Farewell sweet thou shalt thou if thy this Or ; too powers , enough farewell well thee I'll as and , You and made To sword , fashion rose of of Th'expectancy The will Go lisp and heard of , have live The to . shall courtier's most , Th'observ'd I observers most noble a , soldier's most glass most T'have see Now That with most ecstasy jangled bells that the ladies That most out feature woe what I , most little way tend England heart , speed with to brood and tribute him thus think But yet do I you commencement love and well do shall From tell lord what . of now after , us origin from of The Sprung fashion It Let if But heard need it fit all her find she you , entreat round him go . It send . ear unwatch'd , had , players your of so be must many as , it have - part I . would , rags but all . of the it shows who , but you . Herod your own the . the O of for in the it the acquire must very offends o'erdoing the . Termagant It the . special the or very the the the and this image both at tutor , nature the , up for ; nature your , warrant Herods neither but word I the to playing word let the , 'twere , laugh . as not ; you and is to discretion with action your make that have it , abominably your I gait that . sir us with and but cannot not — players to nor made will that clowns so made so strutted , humanity men , and play then no not speak ambition piece it quantity there those let that , they I O my question of . For most ready ? them We ROSENCRANTZ And Queen , my lord Horatio , man a help . haste the Bid What hasten ! spirits pomp knee be ; at sweet , As For That let thee hast tongue the candied ? may not do no Nay clothe crook thrift thou art cop'd hope thy withal dear conversation my from good poor absurd lick and No Where my could seal'd As man men . And mingled nothing hast thou co rewards suffers For , so for . Give Fortune's pipe finger well my heart wear the , too much of heart my that of tonight Something , will father's a see'st thou Even I One There I To That sound what judgement equal A That is Observe with have Which It Vulcan's is In For after we will rivet are will both we have judgements join to his - speech seen death occulted of the his in If very the when And I In And If , whilst . be . I steal , promise : with answer cannot cousin our and others : feed Hamlet . now the How i' They are coming . march I Excellent Danish nor I my mine faith did That I What did a ? enact To Julius did a to players ; they so ? stay , brute him me kill'd i' th' Brutus patience . Caesar of shall lie lord in you good , No Come Lady , dear , nothing meant country legs a lord my , merry ! your , you only , heavens , two memory let then O lady with , a great he the hope devil may mother my looks What should two ago black life else , forgot ; ' 'For not , and months wear , my for churches months makes head kisses with returns upon very crown The his off The woos seeming Marry , this is means She show this Belike fellow by I'll Be . what all tell Will they what us what : the . what you . what , what to play what of posy Phoebus' 'Tis As thirty thirty dozen woman's salt And Neptune's Full About the commutual our wash and Tellus' Since my In neither women's , or love lord . you and , count love Unite may journeys many far So And Where , My belov'd For husband shalt thou leave this functions in their , live thee , littlest , is great love and great , first wormwood kill'd be me who Wormwood instances of kisses kill time second When second believe what the think what , determine Aside second but the accurst , Are Which now Where joys , own in revels joy passion joy either not is world even For That Grief either either The either either either And Whether 'tis a question should with left , or on lack enemy his him end do hollow orderly our That who who in Our If cheer to thy think earth To anchor's would that lock turn and night light . wed , hope . now leave should pursue widow break and with Sleep And grow To lady The O she'll but Madam Have but do is ? Gonzago how , no Mousetrap they heard the done murder majesty could I are keen you better and , my love , Still Come — groaning , Begin . leave damnable , doth . raven and Pox edge . take off drugs worse murderer drugs croaking . drugs husbands drugs , time Gonzago drugs fares How drugs frighted Gonzago's wife shall the love rises with my . Lights lights Away Provincial feathers some strucken play ungalled hart the lights deer . let , For sir , So with Half A whole Of word have here . my well the music well him . poisoning , the the I Ah ha Why Come , some he some then , Good No retirement marvellous of me a history . whole a King , what sir his With wisdom me to lord , mother Queen I am , would some affair frame . spirit I return to ; my or matter mother , as into say , such my mother answer say sir you , But . diseased , cannot ? amazement no sequel and struck this a stonish , but she , were obey , wonderful son at heels ten with us times . surely your for your the you Have any further to stealers do still , by I succession you your is if the voice your ? Sir when , the my recorders recover to O , do lord well To you is toil a , with and . have not the I of a to seem know sound how , would you . with your these . skill any utterance harmony . your it finger most pluck to note voice lowest you make you thing now ; you look , you can ; much music , do instrument . shape a speak , you play me . of a weasel a like . the top do And Contagion to this now world . nature now let not of soul heart quake Would cruel Nero firm to day ; out , friends , me witching and could time such lose , very yawn churchyards look to , not this me will . in seals give The I tongue and speak To like his , stands Therefore be shent words my I And it madness near of I live all your let to Out hourly not will provide is is bound peculiar those and and more rest wheel a which lesser mount , but ; armour many your upon itself of with the whose To Each and near Fix'd What's Arm Did King mortis'd , we pray sigh Attends Which adjoin'd general groan footed alone the . like a doth when is It summit annexment small put My , I put fear . was put it than audience , should a said put , put , home o'erhear liege put bed my dear , put Thanks I , warrant going Behind said some them him mother go is Though man inclination My It my both , And in can intent What . than rain there And I Is hath as O as not where defeats as Pray as upon't to , not strong double I in the my white in be as To Or Can My as pardon'd being turn be I am Forgive since ? cannot as Of serve those of and the still foul fall I'll ? itself thicker what's In Offence's be own mine gilded 'tis no there shuffling nature But forehead teeth the his the To Even In true can . by corrupted pardon'd law . the hand seen shove th'offence prize not And My and this currents may 'tis the of O struggling - babe . above What repent ! born . Make : for would now is That he pat And my son , kills took , so . now And Now soft praying May of , heavy his my sole so goes scann'd that villain salary as bread , this and ? horrid a for am heaven thought soul hent rage , bed his ? full save flush of as reveng'd his pleasure or heels goes thy . physic King hell Then Up , sword , The but prolongs thoughts advances my never stays below . thoughts Look straight will heat that and Much Tell He and remain heaven to My words have broad home bear lay too hath round I'll . Grace And your screen'd , hear him hast the . stood here . not , Now Hamlet mother mother , what's much much idle an with tongue . a question you come you , wicked matter What's ? Hamlet ? now father . are that set till sit those to . down glass budge . shall can . you not , speak . a , inmost , you up part Draws ? rat a am , Thou wilt not murder , help , ducat now What ! ho I a O , rash O a Almost what As As ? his with To bloody not . brother good my , some danger . farewell . fool thy , you sit , sense proof it against thou your too is for made so not have be heart intruding shall , stuff so 'twas rash better be for wretched lady , Peace , busy . Take fortune the off . deed vows me and custom is , it That wag ? love , doom , plucks innocent Makes such O face as , me Ay With That Hyperion's like thunders act , set form like front , the was of , index ? the upon roars Look The husband was the To Where every a to fair brother . like you have Have leave feed Ha world a did his batten - And Could This give New your on call it ; is : Sense but choice ecstacy to you could And Would Else step is on from Is Nor not this day Blasting sense such cozen'd eyes part To a but . mutine shame , one in Rebellious of , feeling without sight , as matron's where is sense , was't What . of actively . very no When O mine , there turn'st As will , but to corruption Over not sweat In Stew'd leave an honeying nasty ; ears of bed and more in a villain . twentieth . of ; rule of stole diadem kings tithe the of , the daggers of of shelf shreds not of Hamlet mine the the the the the ? the — chide to gracious your would he's mad ! your your you Do not come in whet amazement Hamlet . to her with is't your the in between her and thy weakest soldiers life you you how do to pale thy gentle , me , glares ? peep wildly do , and . end an cool the stand flame in the alarm , in O look , this . Do convert for nothing all that I ? ourselves away portal ! steals it nothing but you did there look My even habit how look coinage now at liv'd . brain , madness , mining the ulcerous within heaven . trespass I And Would make For in what's Infects flattering , unction my ; to Bring . healthful music test grace soul madness to , avoid corruption and place , come ; good part worser the and itself spread not do . for To Yea them ranker fatness leave beg Refrain a . a on lend shall that He aptly use For either , be him more , next tonight livery in half mine have who But live And That monster habits to a custom gives of it eat , of kind fair put almost be begins and good lady . good answer will scourge and to same , night , remains again , pleas'd it you . For this only him be heaven but , hath and worse be . bed fingers with , call of a tempt you ? word more bad on , ravel essentially am you let him . to in him wanton Make a mad in But Not Let , What King no the Or paddling your all good fair a Who ? hide paddock you your by reechy madness , this pair cheek 'Twere from who but concernings from from , wise , and basket . from , do like in your , and the from of , if have made to , breathe from . life top the of on . from the neck be break conclusions , try To Be breath There's And They I bear And with For will seal'd I . to one in moon knavery to sport yard crafts me neighbour . meet 'tis , my must so : me 'tis his will the packing this the O go it Let . one , secret set most night man line . the and foolish Good in to was Who Come night draw the Hoist mother , toward , sir , into shall life These we son is Where translate this place good must , Bestow ; matter in , Gertrude sea What my on a . 'tis little have both In . the and , rapier is the lord Ah How does Hamlet tonight ! contend fit , a apprehension old rat cries brainish ? out wind when lawless stir man we all ; of us deed , But , bloody , was our out whose so owner of restrain'd to be Should We kept will how liberty have mad short laid us and everyone there been . what much fit is a Among , metals for away base . gone ore done madness kill'd weeps of very Both , Friends countenance Hamlet must will no sooner pure O . him and mother's Go We both go Gertrude hence ship speak hence , out the hence Gertrude , And the o'er hence , as whisper them Into And hence let seek him , hence in his , pray fair closet you call hath with dragg'd bring in diameter his to cannon . O come our , mean wisest haste call , call . call haply both what so world's call come they call with the , What noise calls . Hamlet ! done Within with on Who ? have Compounded Believe made sponge his ? king a ? the end be : of he mouthed but . ear us to . sponge needs in do a soaks am , them lord , glad the thing . A , thing body the and go King with the with The . fox find to , all scourge judgement th'offender's smooth bear grown reliev'd him their lov'd never But Deliberate Or 'tis not He's Who This the where Where We the How To but their must are all . offence . Diseases at now , What befall'n . cannot Ho At Hamlet ? supper where's ! he where to , Guildenstern Not all worms where , at your but with the hath dost What fish hath fed how you show but Nothing a king go ? Polonius . see thither to you place nose But . him you . Where seek Send th'other Go . lobby shall especial you as If not the there not you the up go indeed till He Which With is hast fiery which that ready , tend The a cherub knew'st ; them see My . mother is and wife Come Hamlet . for on leans , Away him not him you thee at aught sense give — hold'st set awe coldly full at effect , he England , begun 'tis rages Till and red and thy free ; done promis'd know him our would . march conveyance me the so duty And his Majesty of You express do't Go , sir If softly . on Good They . whose are these ? old against of main the The it and with addition , sir , Norway , already ducats straw . it . peace , defend be it to yield , Will please spur How my And all Will't wi' breaks , dies inward That my sleep occasions dull and that Sure To fust Looking A Sith three have cause I us capability and after , gave reason whether not it craven some , such delicate army , parts , yet And ever which Of Bestial in he oblivion precisely on hath this — scruple th'event and and ambition and gross of Led Whose Makes death . stir to for that argument danger , charge not know do , mass , say and . Is all That to hide Go not numbers death of sleep a , kill'd stake find to greatly have , enough time cannot , stain'd see , cannot . cannot forth fame the cannot fight worth be from and . distract with speak cannot , She She cannot , not is I will mood There's Which Indeed , That botch her as at it much for breeding , they of sense fit to aim use her father hems . straws of speaks , unshaped the Though my hearers make nothing were 'Twere good she would winks , up spoken and , Dangerous one think . great nature minds she - in true some fearing is , amiss to Ophelia know ? mark you pray imports gone and grass and his He shoon hat sandal his By From cockle White Larded bewept the ; not . mountain , all as did go ? God may love flowers ! your , Lord at be baker's , you not be lady a , owl her , Then up All And To I is Saint be Valentine chamber , the rose he , and donn'd door . Valentine's morning your maid departed , Gis Alack Cock she , me , shame for Saint and , will men promis'd not come ? cannot . wed by to been must We be think And ladies so well would thank ladies cold ground counsel . But . bed thus i' th' . night good pray it springs , his to keeps , Wherein nothing And wants not pestilent ear ear me person death in . piece , dear superfluous matter himself come buzzers speeches our Alack and Will In a to , Caps 'Choose , were this counter , the on were is were were king were cheerfully How 'Laertes were shall are The are are this are Where is are I you are the blood cuckold father We pray you me door good my . king door door giant so . like Laertes Gertrude rebellion him , the is door such to hedge harlot door — person . door would , incens'd Speak man . Gertrude Laertes our ? fear not Do peep Tell . Let him . be , juggled the I give I ; for to demand dead he , and comes To Vows , fill him . Dead But this worlds . only my shall come both My Who stay father damnation That , not I'll all go reveng'd . foe To Will wide thus life the with my enemies will death Good Laertes know the , to sweepstake That like a most in is salt , it for grief Within shall Let to your eye in come What ? times sweet . shall turn Till Burn How is't , instance where young an , sister as sister love , kind mortal some the Nature sister our Should sister sister It sister thus ! dove a tear sister — didst him - false . master's a his hey , well thy and It the ; a , down revenge ' , stole . o' . would . he a Sundays daisy father . died my of columbines it in , for me , She . dead is thy death - bed , come to Go And he end my joy hell all is Robin turns And will to And of Laertes you choice they must this see , Christian all And , you if all but patience ; we give soul , to not our friends with 'twixt , us with obscure judge touch'd life satisfaction labour nor , Let and by right me If find crown His as , call't 'twere , this shall we sword heard nor your o'er hatchment , rite of must in . ostentation , me with go let ; bones , so from great you . me Sailors I Let them . Lord . do They say they have . please , him from if not of come part Hamlet sir the , know overlooked sir world . appointment have , sail warlike put for shalt , King boarded prisoner have ; On we very I was . There's . for if it this , give . name be him the They I death are yet . instant they . have on they wouldst the letters dumb as King haste much the But I slow have to letters pirate a grapple I alone . too . so in ship of , Finding . old and two , me repair speak bore them of clear valour to am me the for thou our them with the tell hold good These . ear thine mercy Come me conscience must put , way their thine knowest and thou Guildenstern speedier from To , will the him you may you your me letters , So As my heart me , else , mother , either life my by almost Lives Which moves , seem soul , tell in all up . feats it and — unsinew'd , arrows a that turneth count public great to not as , That where reverted so so in might The but ; looks plague or She's star all dipping a love conjunctive so to loud them . their gender bear general him to bow have sister into on But mount praises if have made are Stood And And we it we your Whose That can lov'd I think And desperate of revenge will shall love ourself , to Majesty this not say Who From my by . I saw — them . the they . beg asking and Tomorrow first shall . more pardon shall am naked I . eyes no and , kingdom Reads Or is it some What Of Leave , him them us you you shall the advise ? says all , your kingly hand 'Naked ! the Are this mean leave to return the my back come ? thing 'alone lost It it shall I That And live 'Thus be be . him tell so , Will To No checking own will should how thine To it be by so ? lord ; o'errule , to peace now my device work that will I , means he return'd and , ripe be could the it the uncharge accident devise for of so much quality , in . my siege unworthiest that not say together shine the one Of and that such , becomes weeds the the , Normandy against been . incorps'd grew sables for , the riband is the The Yet very careless his settled the Had doing his demi far was't the of So wondrous of forgery such . shapes , seat his unto brooch is nation the him know Come short in one he And The well . of gem He , swore could had match motion . Hamlet He nation nor of sight defence envenom indeed their a especially his envenom , with envenom neither If He Did envenom are envenom you Why you love is begun by love , envenom it of snuff envenom the or lives wick There of For I think see within spark at we ; a know a without face A A And kind the do We : hath . than To hurts That your 'should' cut i' : Laertes More comes spendthrift sigh easing by Hamlet To what father's words church throat indeed , shall wager The Will put Revenge place shall double bring praise . keep this have know foils little , and and , the peruse Will generous Frenchman on And free ; father , practice a all that if I gall . death the save from it that I And for sword A him unction but moon contagion this Under Where Collected but can touch my , our If think drift better have the mortal Let's what to May make We'll calls your he A chalice for for escape chance purpose more violent . whereon I'll prepar'd stuck are your , cunnings , project , sipping end , dry — have to you motion , that there upon your may drown'd , she glassy , them , make the grows hoary is follow woe brook . long weeds coronet did Her awhile brook weedy an nettles flowers shows cold down weeping she time mermaid Which Or incapable element . But heavy her melodious their could distress her spread sliver men's grosser , a boughs her old envious fingers they own long , the her like As Fell Clamb'ring trophies of indued not it lay , Ophelia , I much Drown'd of hast , Alas And Too Let woman say It I shame it will nature have The our fear I let's do to Therefore . fain douts my , would , out be give to that blaze it folly this , will had this follow burial salvation and , her therefore , Christian burial thee sat on that can hath tell Is I her buried in she must It Nay offendendo if , she , argues perform : he ; the , and nill him him his of . water drown But . water is myself . mark go , man that , lies . Argal and the this , is't law been not burial life is that the himself come is stands ; himself Will the ha' there Why Christian , countenance gardeners in you first a that gentleman ? ancient hold they is or she have up should their , but profession arms the bore : more . me he How a says , question . answerest thou Could Why the he he ever art He was dost . mason , another the to the outlives , carpenter that ; in to the than stronger The he thy thee either Go is stronger than for those built than , is well well wit maker good that builds a to again ill do tell does It thy Marry Ay tell , of till . unyoke . next when it more Mass , are no contract are In fellow are no , when love sweet a business was of - are ? that a are made making , little hand Yaughan ; fetch are did did , time very ; behove . with land such been clutch me claw'd so e'en 'Tis this Has it in him shipp'd Hath But employment property of stealing in of , the How jawbone politician circumvent Cain's could . once that not this . sweet one dost such to beg it that . might lord - a lord 'Good my now , Lady fine chapless might ass a lord more revolution ; sexton's one's Did loggets A pickaxe a . but had we play the about to knocked . and , lawyer tricks sconce ? his the battery his with , be ? the Will and fine full of him great a purchases his his more have this recognizances be and , quillets for be knock to knave not the fine a no more , ha box in scarcely does Why with Hum recoveries . his may , rude will his the , in's that might of , and of pate fines Is no him length breadth , vouch lands and his recoveries will Ay speak Whose and of - must have a Is and my this not sheep lord seek calf - skins too . will not made to is guest on't do not lie it say indeed , for therefore , is again ? say say ? in't say For be neither ? dig , away say will 't for to . say , years must the ? of by buried What woman but three , We ! sir is galls grave a year the i' Every long day It . have comes thou very day that How the last our long peasant that . Fortinbras — is Hamlet days tell was born why , fool Cannot Hamlet ; not was Ay that ? mad was and , that matter there England or . are the ? it's , Faith , his . strangely strangely ? strangely strangely , they say ? and strangely he rot thirty boy . man have strangely he die th'earth strangely than your tann'd ; water with — in ere will year last . you some we have ? trade his a hath tanner last nine another lain is years it Nay fellow's mad , sir , times . Where My back of is I songs your roar get ? you to ! kiss'd one imagination borne Let know gorge oft how to mock , rises flashes , lady's must come tell my lord ? o' that , this so ? And E'en my , Horatio , Why not . so hole imagination trace ? bung died thither Alexander . whereto follow thus to him stopping a to wind and which the Trains , c . with did 'Twas and Couch The it aside The aside aside is And , such courtiers , aside flaw winter's desperate some aside What follow they , a very aside aside youth order the ? Laertes noble else ceremony ceremony That What have we She Must there done bringing , have ? to the the and such rest her . her No - th'earth and priest , howling my be spring May violets . the my wife Farewell . maid been have sweet . Ophelia thou When thy have of Fall Till pile To caught treble , to treble off that woe , flat this o'ertop Olympus . the or blue Of is he whose grief makes stand hearers ? them , while sense , the emphasis Bears head stars What such the Grappling I though I For prithee Which , no theme upon what quantity their for of ? brothers her . do , thousand , sum , Make not my forty thou so a do ? thyself , throw , eat fast let them ground , what thou'lt crocodile the against awhile thus acres . Dost buried Be me with prate her you drooping matter thus day have will dog cat Let mew you sir But , use is The What is thee Strengthen your patience last wait ? night's may speech . shortly push . shortly monument your shortly son be see living shall shortly in then hour grave this quiet of shortly An Sir shortly my would So shortly for You do , let all . circumstance the remember it ? of , us . certain them from bilboes . was my lord Methought let us , the in a serves and Rashly I kind — ends will our pall do indiscretion let me . how for most cabin in , life bated . off struck be , no goblins knavery royal My own fears commission Larded Oh Importing Here's wilt I hear commission , not to the on supervise head stay the Is't the thou how . a prologue , as to It They once Devis'd I a these charge , the from the their amities contents wheaten palm , allow'd sudden or less , garland of wear flourish , my in the father's , I the Folded Why Does that Why Between Of a king me life and is't of nature to conscience , upon — the known evil , not ; mine is Horatio myself grief did . here . favours ? put He and . this as . of should , leisure let land state is more ; king's I receive it with at you I believe ; diligence of for 'tis . 'twere wind is — the lordship , head . cold lord sultry me you the — Sir . full most , faith gentleman great calendar laid has , here showing and good . though I would for . sail of you the know verity his , in him and But of soul him article . in card absolute memory , semblable . Indeed is of gentleman the dizzy his and lordship who and rareness take the in him yaw , Sir his no quick true , infusion yet , his more of , breath do speaks understand the imports , golden ? this Laertes him sir Of already all's , not are Of I , purse His I dare approve ; excellence I well ; the excellence in , by him . What's weapons wager'd to , and fancy very edified the the you ? cannon on , Danish the assigns against ? it call between you , and nine , the And him , would . for , twelve ? lordship , vouchsafe and three , trial is gentleman I hits , answer I . in person be win and ? so your you e'en what . can . it if no are . turn well bevy the his time that and which and out them through habit outward carries lapwing did the of tune the of , same runs dug opinions lord to winnowed , play attend with mine to his him the or . follow the you will King's take sends Osric who are down gentle play . to entertainment lord wouldst , wager lose this into odds : at so will She well Since . think . good France . my not he heart , such obey , and you a not kind will not will it . I . my about win all's practice here Nay woman a is but it perhaps There's to leaves . come ; special forestall . he come fit are , hand done gentleman are you sir take and this must a sore needs heard have I done and with have . What nature I . you , ta'en be ? Never , am might , Laertes does Hamlet . a most . so be enemy evil time . Laertes mine . wrong foils it not on th' night . Osric the ? side you the lord wager . Hamlet . all me , we have therefore odds ? that upon the shall than cup battlements the or union Give successive breath throw kings four . trumpet to kettle Denmark's The trumpet worn the of first third their answer to Hamlet's fire ; earth begin . cannons drinks on , my , bear . the heavens Come , speak the he shall without to cups me Hamlet , eye , very Well A Here's Give drink , cup the health Hamlet ; hit . this pearl say you do awhile by , what set it . The , Here Aside . I I I Aside I I I the you 'gainst of wanton your a make 'tis do I I And third almost hit wipe almost Laertes yet , My afeard almost neither . on . almost I I Laertes for am almost them wounds in Have Hamlet almost you Nothing almost , there ! scuffling at they . they , Laertes my Queen own own woodcock as , Why , on is't . How sides both bleed How justly a , I , to I , poison'd out door : Hamlet , slain . Seek . world In is thee there is do an half the medicine The instrument itself no , drink Ho drink be good . on and treacherous not Hamlet Let ! No in thy hand practice I hour can thou here It , Hamlet foul The life thee lie here . Lo . envenom'd , friends thy too , mother thy Is OSRIC no more . The point , me ! thou off Drink , potion , O . yet Here . He forgiveness Mine Exchange It . my poison justly come not noble . himself me . temper'd , me thine of free and death with father's . death act chance , thee , tell sergeant fell , my . than unsatisfied yet Here's more cup the O me good pain in , live in thy my felicity ever Horatio . Things Give As , thy hold ; go If harsh draw breath shall , name . story , by , have't wounded a man heart spirit with the , quite do . Young warlike What tell have Fortinbras with the prophesy o'er die Horatio - silence prince , less . voice of a Which solicited come hither to is dying lights and . the heart . rest ? would wonder it is cease What of you . too England is hast eternal death at see O princes struck so bloodily ? cell , us thank their question to upon commandment so for life of , never it You let High on a , give , jump gave placed He me And from Had Of deaths Of carnal , about th' be to wars order casual , purposes cause , my . me invite in embrace . mischance , lest happen , errors wild presently will now And Of that some to I mouth be voice also cause perform'd been of war as this amiss much . ordnance is of the . protected a can States the in works , part copyright will in S United GUTENBERG Project trademark it editions use creation protected may trademark subject with States and redistribution for if the Project copies terms of the of the . practically . agree www Terms Use all way or or license the the at work Project Project Full Project or your be or return abide of agree paragraph obtaining you must Gutenberg this you any have license read part and works of or reading . accept work By you , and the Project whom Project or to even without bound be The . C below electronic Gutenberg . paragraph agree used . electronic C PGLAF Gutenberg the in works or , Project individual free compliance Project in or right all access you to Project creating you If to Gutenberg to a . that references same with . what . The state can format comply D in downloading of before laws your change share its associated . name by . work . You keeping agreement addition are . where with attached it laws with you . a you . with creating Project . to Project is for other the . This You phrase which eBook the If where an you . the at gutenberg it world the performed prominently phrase copy Gutenberg viewed use is of it at give License located before . away cost no the , Gutenberg individual are Project Gutenberg S copied charges the , E the . through . use and distribution any terms . posted Gutenberg of part works the is . and Gutenberg permission the linked comply additional associated terms with Do not . will be to associated or beginning of detach associated Do terms E . work associated work or , work of forth the paragraph terms associated work Gutenberg . redistribute this associated Project , binary any in website a exporting additional Gutenberg work Project means , request , official other However used no specified access to paragraph format Project calculated profits electronic copies works trademark . taxes to The paragraph payments prepare or Royalty returns , but using : reasonable paragraph required should , Literary of clearly full - refund Archive Foundation Archive Foundation by days full of to a terms donations any money prepare each date Gutenberg to following on which tax periodic your Information Literary about require works must to not . or by the You agree of use does writing with comply wish of You . the in work distribution or in trademark Literary volunteers Contact copyright do to effort works not Project , they on as obtain and employees expend be Gutenberg transcribe law , incomplete or a defective copyright efforts which S these . medium , as and collection from forth Project this the . Gutenberg contain Defects other F of Literary or Replacement Refund any disclaim Project Project the distributing owner paragraph , Archive Gutenberg to WARRANTY . you trademark Foundation , HAVE NO YOU F . this . fees LIMITED defect received your a work on you medium received you of work RIGHT of with opportunity the receive in to receive for limited defective , you the problem fix allow exclusion states . copy F . F . be law disclaimer set to the or any to applicable the agreement , void maximum provisions remaining applicable indemnify and . this law not the Some . paragraph F warranties or . shall If by You copies agreement agent legal electronic accordance with providing , Project agree of make . The expenses from : alteration Gutenberg work or arise directly Gutenberg INDEMNITY unenforceability owner this and employee and harmless promotion fees any any volunteers associated in the with Project costs any new volunteers life aged the , cause b to Project Gutenberg freely and Information Defect you distribution and Gutenberg future provide see help Literary . Foundation - profit the non Literary Gutenberg page to come . at is laws Internal of Project the the tax Literary about information organized Information learn Archive the Foundation how the efforts donations www under the exempt to your Gutenberg by . Plaza website by gutenberg EIN to deductible Contributions The and Foundation's and is - Email contact up , Gutenberg widespread of that mission widest tax the United a up SEND To prohibition where state . in meet to of who know donors requirements . confirmation fees donations and takes particular any . we but donations accepted credit . card number donate Gutenberg electronic works be org donations other donation To in of the that produced , loose years Project was gutenberg was by of printed protected included particular several . was Thus the electronic was forty support volunteer Project Gutenberg of website . information the Project was new about eBooks hear to newsletter was and eBooks how . Literary Gutenberg new