Nay Long King yourself . Stand Stand Stand Stand upon ! and Stand Stand Stand , Stand ? bitter heart mouse Well my I hear quiet had Have The rivals I think And liegemen to Friends to you soldier , hath reliev'd . Barnardo Horatio him . piece , place my Say what Holla is again tonight . of hold our . of seen twice , seen this Horatio I appear'd entreated of him minutes this and tush , let us approve our That And Tush He may once fortified What two are , That , us hear of Marcellus one part of , where it and beating then it bell The his now course made burns thee , Look speak to the ? me harrows the spoke Mark it ; off this the usurp'st warlike of be it and wonder Horatio Horatio , with . to . Horatio fair majesty heaven time Denmark speak . away ! speak . charge will tremble on't ! you something I offended I charge thee . is it ! parle to , sledded at he the like thou art armour on . strange ice : an in Polacks very combated Norway thyself angry dead watch hour not , gone I know , task : last King but to ; with me can as , the even know by , you the Thereto Whose a our of side by law in now ; this Did Was our which a , life his , and by of as the , competent the Well , ratified forfeit he by the carriage the of gaged been he And For so this Fortinbras by all the had return'd cov'nant Fortinbras , resolutes is unto us compulsatory of appear ; which our full , Fortinbras ; unimproved ; Norway to foresaid , our by strong no , figure so rummage those of skirts the some , lost terms to father the Is by But hath As And his post that this like the wars fell , eye dead sheeted Roman dews moist star blood streets of ; state Julius of with stands , eclipse events demonstrated coming the . comes Stay , illusion ! voice , me , country's . to Speak be I'll , be to and may of womb spirits and in ! fate of use thing me , thee If Extorted Or Which if , here 'Tis 'Tis We And it do For wrong , so air the malicious when is as blows our it ; fire Th'extravagant the with Upon a started summons the lofty of Doth , cock The Awake Whether nor wholesome say of bird , nights hallow'd heard takes , Saviour's that dawning they Wherein Some faded So are fairy have I But the our and the we Break o'er us , Where shall him Hamlet for and most I this morning whole befitted ; kingdom nature , that brother's us woe with fought brow it on and our him ourselves think of , one grief , green be yet Cornelius Laertes , of mirth With we as and ; delight hath Hamlet The To , scale wife Your With Together our Th'imperial we That sometime jointress one in In Taken follows that to along . For weighing auspicious 'twere and wisdoms Now to our and of us with , marriage , death of out dear our worth , we nor have To our fail'd to late , better He Lost Importing be by a affair Holding , with The further , much gait you greeting and purpose - business To Norway , Thus To ; your these the you of Out , his full ; the impotent Of and this Giving with this no King Cornelius , his business and personal VOLTEMAND with Laertes ? scope duty . will , Dane Laertes What things and You voice be to to beg our some cannot your The is What , asking is't news speak And head , us Laertes of what's reason . What my again that return in leave duty coronation came I favour thou not That hath , and show now must my I duty to lord seal'd ; from gracious your and leave To father's Have Yet leave , I He thy give Laertes , laboursome Upon I How so it than Hamlet much friend nighted i' cast I am like ever a father the . Denmark colour hang , still , too thy than on lids common with , dust must die seems , know , it so Nay ! madam not Why 'Tis suspiration nor Nor No the the , with my Together That can all fruitful it thee I ; suits river the shows These cloak ? good inky dejected But sweet which passeth of actions of black mother . not , is customary have the and commendable within indeed play show ; course , persevere to a is term survivor a , it to ? in fault heaven nature Fie and mind . sorrow obligation stubbornness obstinate condolement 'Tis unmanly some But obsequious do To A An understanding , most any Why As For As You with the a of heart A Than dearest for no most ' fathers be is you our Wittenberg love , earth , died that he till father pray courtier thy Wittenberg . eye : your you in Our comfort bend to bears toward impart going It Do I back you our remain . Denmark loving prayers , melt Come thunder this solid resolve and had ! fix'd God would heaven shall bruit away . God ! today shall Everlasting of an nature ! O , two ! garden unprofitable gross was much come : on ! is thy name old shoes ere or month little followed my , on ? Why of and Frailty , body woman ! him grown a father's even , uncle she but ; O father's Would have Than face he might her I she . on't think mourn'd all With , tears — longer which me appetite , poor that , Ere Had yet the . married It She With not O dexterity it I your Horatio my same well lordship must speed galled in incestuous come ever ; friend with good poor , servant Wittenberg change , you lord do myself — disposition in Marcellus good from that ? Wittenberg . report ere you to what you your do know affair your . your your your follow'd see are say . your depart ? violence that ear in your truster it yourself make . is it was lord met your , furnish dearest I had methinks , marriage the ! my The day that seen , ever Or saw was eye . father all . father king , like him your admiration ear Upon attent your The King ? My Two nights Barnardo , gentlemen watch , marvel This gentlemen hear on like march he thrice them and : surprised father pie walk'd me , your solemn eyes the of cap , middle their , fear - before oppress'd their Been them , I In the had thing the of they secrecy Where Form Almost to jelly with the and with Stand you to ; yet : none , once did it But answer , where hands These The upon But ; know honour'd lord down troubles me tonight watch the , you but BARNARDO We sirs and ? our 'tis haste away , true . not from From , MARCELLUS do , Both lord My What , look'd anger frowningly head his , Arm'd to top yes A in very Pale , his , Most And Nay eyes . there you pale than or sorrow It . might moderate have like While fix'd . amaz'd Stay'd grizzled was when Longer haste It was no seen silver'd in , person , this . noble you . sight hap shall in tenable Give will requite I me hold have it Let it platform I'll Upon to If bid And whatsoever play ! come rise , were to to mine in loves your Our Your foul some I , as you is soul them all sit father's My Till doubt : the would . me and and , winds assistant do are ? it not The No more ? not sleep , you toy , sweet a but grow this as , no lasting , nature . more it , but the crescent and suppliance , the Forward , perfume , The now wide Grows And weigh'd himself his , choice , and Carve Unto It fits main goes no , may so yielding this treasure list you of ; particular if be circumscrib'd loves you place is songs , desire my . importunity or ear Denmark his dear chaste honour act far he believe it he says withal . open : moon of of beauty maid in his too disclos'd of liquid their before and Contagious Be As Show me Do watchman itself to as a like Whilst the And Himself path not own . heaven libertine reckless and . not But father . my treads to , brother keep rede me is a here his of dalliance do th'effect not I of long recks I The , you And these for sits stay'd in thoughts precepts character . the few thought by Give Laertes double Occasion wind Look Of unto Grapple Those Of Give every man's thy And they France in But Take entrance to not man each Bear't Costly habit both loses borrowing all : dulls and be my , to the Farewell : Most canst This And oft the edge a the and chief in station . friend be lender husbandry generous select be then not my invites What you And humbly Farewell time do he Farewell , What you shall is't please the memory my , you it the : oft you and 'tis caution been to time private your so of my between you that What my to me . many . you me free so most ; audience in not ? daughter me the call , perilous in you Do believe You lord As it is hath his late of affection , speak , teach . sterling ; these think wind he In fashion honourable Or it thus , it may fashion — you I'll crack ta'en — what I , more yourself ; poor a baby of me , my of springes Ay Lends tongue light You , Giving With burns catch these , the given all to the When almost the promise than : blazes how it in Be Set something not take for your a time both ; is Lord . higher - in , extinct a From is maiden this Hamlet at walk Ophelia brokers , suits bawds this forth . ways air The shall nipping is bites It I give words shrewdly a No heard does this tonight doth wake wassail King The , as And Keeps drains and spirit it Wherein to the , Ay mind manner his pledge , rouse Rhenish down reels swaggering draughts of trumpet custom of and . is't I than east origin are they not guilty . phrase . at attribute height , them choose some too livery or ; that these defect — grace , men o'erleavens ; man , man as man damn'd hell man man from or , man man ! evil of substance man it . Hamlet tell but in the , shape call ignorance . heaven blasts , charitable goblin us questionable I'll . in may jaws , me , the and again corse thus Revisit'st cast Have Hath Wherein I com'st father canoniz'd royal thee inurn'd , sepulchre hearsed quietly the moon , steel mean death this the shake , It Say dead , thoughts horridly hideous should our of desire . alone did it you go to again ponderous and ! up thee why As if it a go ground removed ? reaches some do ? fear my ; not will Why life soul what life a it as to that ? life of Which And Or life What life It if That life life life Hold rul'd My each petty artery Nemean fate As Be go . you ; lion's in , nerve body , that gentlemen — I after Let's Have in Nay let's , I'll go ? when thy ghost . of night nature fires I am my . in fast the , house lightest that thy their word forbid - prison my to part , young porpentine must dear list stand ! father , upon two thy Make To tell secrets done But away thy up knotted combined stars start locks to eyes the ; unfold of whose spheres end blood from like and of If Revenge me Haste As That 'Tis And Wouldst A serpent stung that by The Is I May not duller rots did my ; but a know thou whole ear death , youth life noble Now prophetic gifts that wit — off that with ; marriage hand in gifts in natural never gifts the that have gifts , shameful gifts beast gifts . queen gifts his vow be will of gifts it heaven mov'd , gifts a a a a a a , vial a did of a doth into droppings curd And a And thin a wholesome a most alleys vigour quicksilver gates enmity distilment thy the within orchard , milk it , of hand of of . act this of thee ! disappointed blossoms of unanel'd to my sin at of sent of queen , but horrible O Unhous'led thou of To those sting of thorns mind for luxury nature my all reckoning of , imperfections made O If A not the Let all And Adieu of But thou bear my stiffly . while up O fie not Remember ? thee my holds Remember memory ! globe Yea couple I , And Ay All wipe hell Remember you you O me , O I'll That , saws of , My At So the most villain woman alone of volume , my by it be ' word ; Hamlet my MARCELLUS lord . My I Within . Within . Hillo you'll , lord , reveal . my my ? lord lord . once lord my by it . it . lord . think grave the come . i' circumstance shake desire business , you , desire you — hold every man us , my lord , you is wild but are sorry they I'm my . right all : at hands the own . lord words go for hath business fit For your You There's Saint by , I'll heartily whirling offend , us is And what ghost , but lord is , vision me now scholars one may know my . tonight . not and MARCELLUS will I . Nay , I my Nor lord , lord we , We In sworn , but Indeed under stage Art cellarage truepenny in my , hear so Consent you , Come sayst Propose et Never And Never . have you , Well , worthy , There , stranger stranger said stranger odd perchance I philosophy heaven stranger and soe'er stranger bear disposition help shall think stranger , might' , stranger stranger . giving 'There be this some , meet — me , on of ; of Swear at and me or , ambiguous know' we know So That rest And , God With so t'express shall ever not lack on Let . friending lips your was come born out fingers do man and as Hamlet to cursed . Reynaldo . let's to , go together sir you . make , question more it Reynaldo him of my as you 'I know 'twere your encompassment and means Danskers what what demands particular do this And company Than Take , part Ay part 'And But , sir , youth noted companions What in you so he so Quarrelling lord as : That's That flash and you may . far that . sound , of . drift son warrant fetch here's a my soil'd i' my sullies is th' working assur'd be you of in , consequence ; or . Where ? 'gentleman' ' , lord my , was does he . or and — and t'other day marry ' say , did consequence I about ' . leave ? as you , truth of my Shall bait thus , falsehood , the consequence' such there : or perchance sale' ; have you lord have have advice , now you . yourself inclination my Good Observe you , me not You . son My wi' my , Well now , Farewell . lord Ophelia my , music lord , was to purport me comes so look - knees love ? loosed piteous knocking , thy do fear know not Mad horrors he a shirt with speak his down if do I of What the said he and held hard face his my his all of thus of draw to he the to by hand such length with his wrist I it . so and he shoulder help me seek of I bended he doors to seem'd out go violent . with it He As his being head fordoes on his , down . King , desperate ecstasy will go love the me go without their , property will to any undertakings , late ? sorry words did and letters made with . wreck To seems to quoted sorry That but his any him ; repel good lord did hath better . him is common cast lack I not meant To must More known to and Rosencrantz long dear , discretion grief being kept hide , Welcome did so ; nor I you did have call transformation father's young draw To much So That Some you him of since , More So that so vouchsafe aught little Good To show , he lies occasion time That am it and of remembrance , good with such receive your your expend fits a shall and time profit much gentry visitation Both sovereign Than pleasures obey freely service lay , Thanks our We give To ourselves And dread your both . Guildenstern , you visit to Rosencrantz . and . and practices . Go son these gentlemen where presence , Norway my the I , as Assure ? and you to or to cause us'd Hunts , joyfully Are lord my my I Have I hold duty God hast As hold hath that , I ; feast found . the main , distemper it doubt His no , the be shall news My Give do grace head source sweet your , hath marriage ? our ! friends and out Polack him 'gainst Highness he from which in , in annual fee soldiers Majesty , joy fine , arrests obeys , and hand But It was That Fortinbras ; rebuke falsely so against his of th'assay Whereon And Gives On Through Meantime we Go What majesty My rest , at upon this time we'll read . together - we'll duty expostulate time , noble is waste well to . is business should , to limbs liege ; for be to Your son true mad mad , pity , remains no figure art . all , effect by thus remainder of cause , the — she is . mark . comes of . foolish will I then A a : given it I Hath That's the To celestial , ill phrase me Who For But , I thee best most love evermore But . Thine am I Doubt madam Good As how out And they fell more in This dear Ophelia obedience these numbers lady hath above , All But of fain I I play'd my ? No this young This Admit not love idle I thus winking told the queen desk did sight and round I , with out I went bespeak thy precepts resort my , of tokens gave . make — fast weakness declension this may be . for raves , 'tis , ' , otherwise be I it . centre , the Within hid lobby it try So hours find further the walks may At sometimes a time Be Mark be you the Let And not from try be But look sadly do I try try Well How try Do try - good me try try try so would Then I Not this . a are , my lord my , world lord fishmonger Honest a , to you my . lord dog , my a to , honest goes . have conceive . but not carrion Have i' not How me And this truly first you her not . speak I'll that youth said Aside He daughter Yet gone ; for ? my him in my I suffered fishmonger ? he was words , to Words , matter ? What , again I Slanders and ; tree . who old lack I plentiful eyes have amber grey , have if a set you — wit crab ? often hits the prosperously that be o' A Will yet , weak gum potently yourself I . All which Indeed replies sanity honourable lord will means so out should the air backward . of be Aside this . madness delivered most that my . willingly leave will daughter is could suddenly , withal sir my happiness the , life of . take meeting of Fare seek These I lord . will I me , fools well you Lord Hamlet God the Polonius My My You . excellent go My most ! lads over children . of children How dost children are the earth ? Ah children privates my children very not , children Nor soles On Then children you , middle her ? children honest grown ? news that children the Let world's true deserved . the she in waist her about secret live of the parts . have , near my Then doomsday . Fortune good is lord But news my friends , particular Denmark Denmark's sends you ? are being which th' prison think , worst . confines one lord it To in bounded thinking makes to We not you ; so o' many there me 'tis nutshell for of shadow ; a very a the ambition for . 'tis , Why God Which Truly dreams Then are our beggars' . dream I Shall such speak in to matter shadows will an way most other no what am the of for heroes , I fay servants ? Elsinore dreadfully monarchs . visitation speak ; upon reason I you the like . I that friends , my dear ? me . the What should my come Is too thanks inclining it of colour I . justly , enough you must But me youth you , by ? sent and ? nay lord for sent have modesties lord , with what more , of by you - anything to charge , ever teach I Nay . fellowship me let dear me and consonancy even To for and . lord ; know and the indeed it goes all moult If you . no or then you . Guildenstern have My were eye why and my sent . off King I the piece and apprehension in animals , And ; like by dust though in , of angel , form Man , Why there your delights smiling no such I in not in yet how how and : nor say no to foul god , seem stuff what way entertainment , neither my Lenten ? me' the ; in shall humorous knight those shall welcome to . you , they delight We when laugh did My are coted them man 'Man freely players delight the the his peace ; tragedians verse th' — both in they or end . Are . the and the tickle are lungs whose the shall shall sigh Even , it I Do same think chances it inhibition late ? there on that pace now top question the . they are — and These quills Do so , Do , and aerie of so Do , the Do to can they better common no — Do for't wonted keeps children are rapiers like , afterwards they Do Do , eyases the Do goose clapped out than against the , money in and on There . sides — to writers nation cuffs went holds no the while throwing much ? out it ducats hundred that O Ay fifty something There my my they would , is not very welcome you my is than his lived for ; apiece this should more lest uncle this in are , you Guildenstern be with not is and you from them a out at handsaw , lord . ear hearer swaddling clouts man old indeed . comes , the to . you Roscius news tell lord right prophesy will lord , have to I : a for I , to actors news world Upon came the pastoral The , individable , only too comedy men , or for - tragical light the on Aside What the , and judge O you call Am right i' , well my the O friends . masters row first of , Com'st , piece all . uncurrent by By'r thou , your old all welcome , and last lady beard . I ! my young it me Thy Denmark am glad face your when me since I valanc'd me well thee me to me is Come , me , the in — as I me , if million others as and me or not make indite , you a us speech it ? my down phrase One method sallets top was , I remember was never as acted excellent to might in received pleased in live let , If , fine the lines it ominous in , let arms , as modesty much as wholesome it the no were there the in to lay purpose he the horridly mothers , he so Aeneas' . see begins it and the trick'd sons , light daughters gules Roasted o'ersized murders and Bak'd their And like eyes To With Now now The as he heraldry dread Old and with in black blood God well thus 'Fore with accent good discretion , Pyrrhus to head , and storm . th'air sword crash sword wide matter below dreadful the and heavens we a a tyrant his see neutral Priam was Pyrrhus' to Seeming nothing nothing So Of A nothing And Doth vengeance , sets And nothing On general , Now remorse forg'd on nothing falls than thou synod spokes . Pyrrhus' proof All hill nothing , some nothing , work - Cyclops' Priam fellies nothing eterne , a As fall hammers after him the never Mars's less for new out , With , take nave low In It come come shall for come up down 'Mobled clout upon threat'ning and fear come all th'alarm stood . and rheum in come diadem bisson A blanket , would come , with treason have caught come come up — that steep'd see husband's loins pronounc'd tongue With But this Where late About Who 'Gainst the mortal milch passion in of his she When Unless And made them the gods . and chronicles hear time ill their than you epitaph brief rest . them tears this after . and man own honour every Use according after sirs bounty them Use is . your , in your them . Come hear . friends Can lord in't of and insert could friend We'll Murder . down look . and speech would not my Ay lines I , night well till Very To Is and not so in Tears broken forms his , his to Hecuba to conceit eyes voice should in from soul rogue God , fiction her working all so his all ? to for Hecuba , conceit own his distraction , With have cleave Confound the ignorant guilty the the and dull general ear ears No , eyes Had That And Make A Like very a was beard nose lungs for the Am and - and , Yet , free indeed , for life ? me : Who it made , and , whose Upon A Tweaks deep But To have fatted , Bloody all , a lecherous gall this my lie and ere kites ! most brave heart scene that , presently . have ! a very heard with hell like cursing revenge by unpack cunning of Foh a , Fie whore creatures very to sitting upon't son my the so though , most Been by have struck That They murder T'assume be know Before tent . course my damn to thing . days ? speak aloof keeps be to no lunacy of , confession well you gentleman . disposition a he like , him our . pastime his but it , Madam Most of Niggard To hear - as did certain we of the him already court joy these a are Of kind him . think to play before true most he To my purpose on him shall his gentlemen Good For father may him by If't gather We Will your obey you love his of ourselves be That their he for . do hope I . again way it may wish . your I , colour Ophelia oft with blame may to . do visage ! conscience most thing with 'tis , We show much — ourselves , Ophelia will We Your That too not a loneliness Than I The harlot's Is smart hear To Let's , or 'tis slings Whether Let's be Let's Let's nobler be withdraw Let's not Let's arms end them sleep To ? a , against arrows and Let's No by The Let's And Or more is ache - heir and sleep death what this There's scorns respect the proud and so — ay shuffled us calamity long , the Must pangs dispriz'd the , make unworthy the takes fardels life will , have we of hue know all moment and those from , bear us returns that native pith now . well well well honour ; day remember'd not honour'd My And I I your does , lord My I I the wax them made As Take There ha ! My lord means unkind . should your to your you fair lordship ? honesty lord my ; Could , it into his what stock did more did I have . This did to for , we but did my did ; ambitious did were revengeful thoughts that myself thee did it , them did arrant should all imagination had Why nunnery but thou be me at could of I a the to honest nunnery At shut in's knaves What in with such , as accuse breeder give your Where's . him be upon him home O as ice farewell pure , as plague and monsters thou wilt marry Be dowry , marry To calumny escape needs make . them . lord . thou restore . God Farewell Or he that chaste for fool dost to a wise : know , nunnery nunnery thou ; go O your paintings heavenly marry of , lisp have and to have . face make and ; I'll nickname more . another You , you mad already a . down , all me your are Those that married To wantonness make hath are . made , keep o'erthrown the , all glass Th'expectancy , O courtier's most I And The That sweet That most , of fashion fair , most eye of that form most what out of quite , most and , quite observers most most what he And seen most Like it : down demand , some set Love be I not ? Nor From something do With Haply variable the objects seas I doubt he which the hatch and the determination for matter How grief ? speed with our You heard But his plac'd ear thus him puts , let hold . tell love , all mother queen his it you if show I'll him shall so shall in It wisdom Madness England send so be great not ; best think find him , not the go , you to do the , tear acquire shows and Termagant dumb , who me passion , in you o'erdoing you ears . a to offends to the had too air players your as , periwig the but for passion it pronounced many use but give split . whipped it the saw ; of , that and , beget , very to a to . show now is from and Suit so tardy to action , was though grieve off of , her form scorn hold playing Herod - overdone to out the Be the that the is his time tame , theatre heard , and ; the must laugh which O the make censure the virtue , had they man having praise have imitated reform'd hope , well Nature's it be them speak that I have in not highly of , others , the let . that of spectators then be to them sir us barren question and Go shows ready the that speak clowns your necessary . quantity of some O set down is laugh , too And the hasten Will be though in considered in now and . lord GUILDENSTERN them ? lord my , How sweet Here art as lord dear my O do your . withal cop'd my e'er As may , Why follow was distinguish of hast knee hear spirits flatter'd , pomp poor , flatter but should hinges mistress . her be good the of . men thanks equal that for of let And clothe candied hast revenue crook tongue soul pregnant No As Hast one seal'd could my heart's stop are and blood I do passion's play it told scene I A man ta'en pipe a she . thou the mine not comes that in that of , please not , comes not and my will wear this . comes , judgements to him my comes comes Vulcan's comes For after comes detecting , whilst . note his . comes . the is theft playing , idle Polonius , place play you Enter . his will will my our ; lord seeming be . I Queen faith i' , have Excellent How I No nothing That did the eat these lord ? you My ? th' me . was enact Capitol good a i' and Be and upon and , Julius Caesar and my I and of hither Come a ; and brute I to they part so and killed Brutus . calf . there a ready mother O ! metal Ay No , here's Hamlet To good , lord nothing my lie , fair think I is thought a you mean I That's meant country to think I , maids' ? Nothing , Who between jig are You - only cheerfully maker Ay lord man died , wear What my , Nay you , do and . two twice mother sables long Nay then , 'tis ; whose horse - Queen neck ; is may the man's hobby let months outlive is O for suffer year forgotten have a , O But a . him him Anon , but in Poisoner and seems is carried unto - and , and declines crown kisses , him leaves of Mutes King's . comes the , very kneels , gifts She love his my means is lord , this , Belike Marry this tell the ? play . they'll ; show meant ashamed counsel , to it Be him show you . play this . keep . naught cannot all show are Here We , means not the , mark . patiently your for posy , the to , beg Is a 'Tis a . of ring round moons , moons been sheen moons hands . our moons ground did Hymen wash salt Neptune's moons and and most you . cheer us Make But moons , count and my aught siz'd moons you me o'er the , and , moons great love in . sick journeys again is from fear is great , proof , or the hath holds lord Yet from so love ere you In my love is littlest my , must , nothing : know there do to , love doubts fear love shalt me who needs , and their powers the Such husband second the grows leave , this haply — live leave , functions For belov'd O world behind confound Aside instances The time respects . Which I you break ; love , validity slave , oft , joy propose . be we purpose or doth grief grief most . speak tree , memory on is that , unshaken like pay to Most man of mark else favourite love . to yet us aye either in to with ; left left left . left not ; left , left enemies fortune left , left , still still . still still still still . still I ever widow leave dull grow spirits deeply Ophelia If Both , and To like Madam thy lady she'll but , thy Have thy you protests how thy thy The thy , no thy thy Mousetrap they the heard shall This is to unwrung work , his wife o' lord I if withers , but not : that us . King it . souls dallying a Lucianus are good my , love your and you mistake groaning off . raven , else of , Begin and , for bellow thy . leave , are doth . damnable edge take to , Still better apt season Thy On wholesome life His Italian Gonzago's . property , Gonzago see shall usurp estate for's very the choice in wife how The fire rises ? false , lights , gets love the , Why Would , shoes get A himself , and This dost thou For Of , O good Horatio Jove have have I'll have very have have word for perceive have of Come if have Upon have Very , the have . perdie , note like ! Why like ha then like like The retirement like his sir Ay in ? like marvellous like lord like , my Good , wisdom for me , to choler put into my lord , Is With rather to some from my , in , tame most sent not , courtesy is welcome affliction me business wholesome your pardon your The Queen good , mother you , lord you . My wholesome the command , cannot lord , to but , matter struck My , rather says she thus shall answer a you Make commandment stonish admiration : to there is ? her of heels the that can with she , And lord , my Good obey were ? you once go . further to once you did once me do stealers once pickers ? himself once bar . your You the once to the your musty toil once with drive too unmannerly do something . grass the me , as , lord cannot Will that duty understand I do I me , My beseech do I I , Believe . I . stops your finger ventages and . it of my will . it the . you a my stops lowest excellent from music much ? me cannot play presently and upon . you . what . instrument do you you . though . camel camel 'tis is a a to my come will . backed by and By now Would to Contagion yawn this And do lose this , her . out blood mother ever : unnatural use not tongue be daggers soul cruel enter Soft business as , not but be , now Now . of me quake to will My O to nature hypocrites Nero and my them To I keep holy will To Most and We The all That keep itself spirit the single strength and live and those The terms doth grow is bound the and gulf cease doth highest the thousand The like It depend much rest of a . ten is armour of is . things consequence . general . lesser of ; with but huge spokes adjoin'd small Fix'd Arm you the , For pray we Each Attends going , lord hear as you ere vantage Fare audience , mother liege bed , The It offence hath brother's call Thanks And upon makes some , and convey I'll arras the you well you is the , you that meet And 'Tis of I'll what I . my lord , murder be as Pray smells to , bound , heavens offence What ere forestalled visage where What inclination guilt defeats business cursed shall strong as What sweet force fall come the white What What What Is And thicker wash What ; mine What own I my what I'll this of Whereto to but down . turn be Forgive for be may currents and did and th'offence world , so Forgive Forgive compell'd our we , forehead shuffling Forgive effects , look up . Forgive Forgive my the still Forgive possess'd murder rests faults : assay free What of the this action ? lies above , steel well - angels , O ! now . death it ; send same , hire would That . it be pat of ; soul might I my , do this full , and reveng'd . so grossly circumstance all took , for villain not that as , of I his purging season'd in , bed , salary , who knows of in stands broad crimes his our audit in is , When At gaming in drunk and , is know thou for am or of soul : reveng'd , horrid then course , And . and , Then soul that relish of be may pleasure no his As And Up sword That has swearing ; thy advances sickly goes never heaven thoughts go . your pranks I'll . Grace lay too to silence you thoughts fly words The King my . here with me him broad and mother hear Withdraw , Fear between mother Tell his screen'd stood not . matter me offended coming ? much father . tongue tongue idle . offended wicked an a , not . You you to you sit I'll , go it the by No , how rood would Nay What's rood forgot Have rood What wilt Help do set are rood You , Come rood What now rood A and set rood then till see , rat ducat a for O Behind Thou ? thou O a rash know me A As kill deed what bloody . took for Thou Leave find'st me If wringing it And rash against braz'd of have and is If custom rash for shall , sense penetrable , made rash heart bulwark proof not so rude rash rash . thy tongue rash ; it down — danger thy you I rash rash wag ? modesty the , love innocent religion the doth mass act , and compound at glow makes such contraction sweet , thunders . and on and this , this and of of me and of this as against sick , solidity and Ay thought words and Yea and A Where and New A what lighted give was This Look counterfeit combination god every To did And - batten Blasting Could hey Else Would And The step waits Is To Nor But so but a Eyes Or difference quantity , smelling feeling , such thus That Could not there your A like , of a cutpurse shelf . A villain ; in . ears tithe , the . patches diadem pocket wings would of No — with your Alas your of time dread O to go lets ! me o'er What , come not heavenly The Do laps'd , Is But Conceit Speak Hamlet her strongest , to in , amazement forget whet to weakest . vacancy lady . do spirits your eyes the and bedded And , as your you , Alas And Your up patience cool On him , on capable this . effects action you have ? there ? all Do To Will ; you tears Then all that hear I there , where he My his now the brain . time keep , away ! Ecstasy doth . to which madness madness , place love your soul is not test ulcerous to avoid the Forgive me this the is what Confess times my weeds , him beg pursy to but film the spread fatness of leave of , to vice with worser my part actions fair yet all to is a put likewise the evil who of angel you throw For wondrous . next aptly , live O monster custom that can heaven it this be For desirous beg repent me ; I death I will him . be gave must do The That I begins this lady that Let Not Thus Pinch wanton him the punish cruel And mad But paddling let your am , in paddock but I madness out , him fair , mouse not essentially that's in , for ravel from good a ? concernings No Be To fly your own life so two concluded breath made be to ? enginer fang'd schoolfellows , work the 't below mines shall O . moon , my go 'tis But them When They For his to . Let must adders sweep their , crafts into guts the man the will I most in Is Who good This blow I'll Mother now And Hoist line shall a secret prating toward still most to was , me yard set Indeed two room , night , night life Good draw These understand a tonight sighs ; 'tis we son have How ? good Bestow my Where place lord this Which the , Gertrude the arras mightier Mad out had is of us providence of , us this with The and , kills . fit stir , there been brainish And liberty how , To have mad We To the on draw Should not man restrain'd full , to But fit and whose out answer'd haunt much so of divulging life pith apart itself To whom pure sooner ship excuse go Hamlet seek his , both And Go Friends Both We we The sun no Gertrude And . him the out countenance and will shall Come Transports pray level whisper untimely shot . of air pray the what's them call we'll pray And pray pray As pray hit pray and ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet . pray on ? Who as poison'd is My the cannon may woundless discord come away ? whereto , that , with you Compounded done What have my it lord , What noise Tell I of your counsel sponge a can , them last swallowed you , you knavish am glad of . what an go us body speech a again ; service countenance sponge me you Take that ape he sponge tell is A a King lord you is us the with thing Of sent Bring body . How . I not lov'd . nothing me . him . their multitude man . body loose eyes : reliev'd are Diseases sending pause sudden This But By dead guarded , Without body , my to him he pleasure . supper ? convocation . eaten , where's , where . fat lean creatures are he eats e'en your Not him Your and is is At , at worm variable service through . king a go king a Polonius of dost thou Send heaven In seek within month you , th'other thither , into not him the if . not find beggar may To stay thine there ? stairs there the go indeed messenger . Go as nose Attendants for done . hast deed , Therefore safety thyself wind prepare must send grieve — Hamlet . the , For England , Good it sees Father . My mother flesh So cherub see leans That , for on my th'affair Pray power , love thy . my with hence and speed England for and is one wife . to , I'll Tempt him seal'd is have . him you make if else And homage the Danish process death Our sovereign us sword thereof present After Since Pays The By . Till it blood joys license the greet of by Danish king . begun know he rages , these whose sir ? you ? are on I do't , my lord . They purpos'd How it Truly to to main Or against pay hath five Against some , Fortinbras . sir ground of but Norway it to , ducats for not , it souls the th'imposthume of twenty already Polack Nor ranker Why Will Two thousand debate much sir without , it . ducats ! straw peace and you . before little market chief my occasions good and his I'll dies breaks I you Will't . a time man Go a sleep that capability gave after with . inform against is his . discourse us reason beast such not it scruple — th'event — will the mortal great be danger unsure , charge earth and thing's craven wisdom and , not but say to Examples army a , without fortune mouths spirit cause I ever do't To Whose Witness When reason reason Go reason reason To reason reason reason reason She will much There's tricks carry , She Spurns enviously Yet , at And hearers , Which , the unshaped , botch , her the To the From How artless in full toy seems prologue of be spilt . this . mark , gone , green grass , lady . Ophelia stone . lady was owl not know may pretty what ! upon They the true - showers go ! lord flowers sweet the you daughter . love no but Tomorrow is at , betime , day morning he the maid Saint a And I To dupp'd be All up And door his your you this Valentine's the chamber , rose your and the without , Then in By , do't tumbled blame Charity . to't out that Gis By Alack she Young men Cock You would So I hadst not done promis'd will fie oath , make I'll you Quoth And it to . weep of night must , ladies thank ; her the give , you . would , Follow , in battalions , Thick But Next and ; come they , is this from your , death own Polonius' sorrows close watch , and done secret or . her and remove ; mugger Divided In Feeds With pestilent wants as pictures fair beasts , death dear his buzzers person matter his arraign , my murdering a Wherein necessity Will Gives Like ear our of of of nothing speeches not on Her Last Without the of much keeps to , is ? of door of places them ? of death in to Gertrude of guard In and ear of to me of my Save , the matter my yourself world known begin clouds , ' cry king king false they . ' , his more a call to . Danish dogs you are doors . without Danes . king be shall all Sirs — this The No pray , is you my father . we . harlot brow . mother , the . brands proclaims me unsmirched bastard father the true the can , What is rebellion Gertrude not so divinity art That go him Let Acts treason of thou Where But demand . by not not the negligence stand pit . blackest I be I'll my father reveng'd ! to with to . to to to so . the know Laertes Good to I'll not for to little friend ? to well , certainty in writ loser my pelican , arms rendering - life them , guiltless Like It am does her noise father's true a , death for your . virtue shall sister sweet ! fine maid's old of . barefac'd loves life Ophelia of wits ? and not move , could itself where precious it on nonny - a . his ' . that stole revenge . O here's for remember master's And . love thoughts for you ; and he must rue ; There's rosemary me . you There's A document , of daisy fitted They . died is o' Robin a There's Sundays would give bed dead say made . will , he not not affliction all my passion and prettiness wi' to ? come , again come again come he will His of Christian God And mercy Do I right you Or souls we If they of deny , find touch'd and Go grief , kingdom that we life hear must . apart , ours , friends 'twixt all our but you and will , in we our your and direct And Make No Cry you crown so content due it this his in you is you go So pray That to death , And noble sword be nor , Let must , let the . ostentation , bones , for with me have come them Let sir Sailors should know , God , if part Lord of . you , you for please him greeted bless Let from him . bound am was as , to old days Finding . the . Horatio , I alone became I grapple ourselves sea 'Horatio at th'ambassador and't that I let shalt They slow so King haste will of King boarded from boarded dumb good hold . boarded matter thou they boarded Reads fellows chase two , boarded some me our for me thine as boarded the He will give you , that your these way boarded thine , boarded me direct you brought them . bring . They to am sent they . to have ear the Let . with for of the , and I and much them from you . hath put your for friend for whom with noble against appears It So not capital crimeful Sith must you which heard have That he by may to by be strong it life as That I Is dipping all faults have Would gyves the his Convert Too the to a like spring his that the for graces ; so aim'd father , again will . You flat and think must danger dull come the back terms go noble again , not . age , revenge so shall we ? imagine teach this news ? hope that ; Who from . to them , Queen . I naked When . eyes the your on set receiv'd them . I ; say they , shall shall thereunto recount am hear them I your , strange come ? of , come heart ' ! 'Naked such and the you But , otherwise How ' thou Laertes ? my to me ; be it and lord me ? in sickness my let him tell warms I That It in Will 'Thus am it So As live how it it it own To As an it , And The it And in since your for Your . it It talk'd Wherein it not that As it lord You been of hearing ; so rul'd be be rather you the . much a , you say they shine pluck unworthiest part A Importing light and too , in gentleman serv'd . grew , Normandy his and , that is careless graveness livery and against unto his his but the French becomes , less that sables and what shapes been of . A So was't life Norman So With Had So And had brave . of he So tricks topp'd demi short the beast I So So I He confession such masterly you So your a all He , know That oppos'd neither out rapier same . report — lord nor report his guard of be this , and envenom defence , with Sir . them Hamlet he had you Did envenom envenom What face the painting ? envenom ? of father A like your a envenom heart to a of this with but to , envenom your father ? envenom this , of of , envenom by time love not was that that I But We As there tongues hands a . much abatements hath are then back : your father's the quick o' th'ulcer : deed ? undertake church , But place his , should , like to what throat Laertes , you than do this those double fine remiss , a in and , do't will purpose for ; He all you in home the from shuffling I So A Where Or generous wager The sword with in sword of dip the . may It scratch'd , can save blood all withal cataplasm so virtue knife anoint I'll that bought that it , contagion simples is the I for And simples what simples but this Collected draws simples thing from , simples simples death him point slightly , simples means gall , end but venom'd your I'll to are your . through this . fail this see project — dry sipping Queen may , fast follow ! grows O sister's his . shows is hoary with fantastic , Of crow But our Clamb'ring That grosser and she did in , nettles maids liberal flowers cold , Which mermaid , in Fell , As Till , incapable her . they spread up , is Alas she Drown'd To wretch , But poor and drink , not their melodious ? be yet these , her custom , would Adieu I Let It have , wilfully ? defence in make finds she found drowned unless , I Is be must hath Why , be thee is tell sat she that drown I . se can is man , to . Here you — go leave . Argal Ay , you Will the mark himself , and that he , lies this Why , shortens But guilty come to , is this life . own his not quest , gentlewoman have more no is : bore , There hang great Adam's makers a , up ancient than should gentlemen their arms first heathen . Go thou he that Why that thee . What he The - is , to art a Adam What to to in well is like ; to well to to gallows to to to for the ill tell cannot tell To't can , that me about it ass 'a say , next not question dull , will . your last me houses and more Cudgel pace no when you , beating makes love very for , time it , methought there the mend at his . the was property business - behove , was when contract O fellow was feeling O Methought youth I did was was his of making was , a . meet was was daintier . was easiness age claw'd hath had th' - offices to it o'er skull , horse could It might This which the pate , such it sweet politician How that dost to knocked . morrow 'Good he , and : of good Or e'en ? a a at trick mazard a courtier be say my my sexton's to For of and A , so see't ? Where be , spade ; a be cases now his that not this may his , another . fines vouchers , with battery sconce tricks his and tenures tell about of , his him , recovery of his a buyer land of , dirt and double his Will vouchers his his ? him great fine inheritor himself too double action , fines conveyances ones his the The ; ha his ? of very and , a time fine fine pate this lie of length vouch . recoveries , my Ay to a to . I more of lord . calf skins of seek out , in't the mine is therefore , lie , for thou made be not 'tis thou . you . from me 'Tis . yours thine it ; will away . sir , sir in't my , do to quick What dost for 'Tis lie , be lie ; quick the What man ! We sir ; but speak , that so picked galls courtier a , he grown is must is Who none woman ? then , For be card I or she's in't ? woman the How , near undo the Cannot days i' of us absolute you all heel was marry was great it's Every long can ? he he — was no he Ay because , seen the his . men . came ; as as there , here in nowadays nine year A . hold before , been what Upon e'en with he in he as th'earth sexton years , Why long man , another ? we you last — water your And is . his while body Here's This same him for it A fellow's mad a skull do not pour'd A . of and . be oft . merriment own that your Here now how Yorick poor most were gibes hung . He in gambols my hath that abhorred now to ? lips I him fancy ; excellent , knew ? those I . your tell Make her her grinning wont at ? fashion . lord E'en think And E'en till may to 'Twere a dust base smelt - bung not trace hole enough . with consider Alexander is ? whereto beer dead to keep the the winter's King . not we was of might they awe away . in world wind clay to comes Here . flaw the t'expel aside soft wall King the , Queen The own Mark ? else of This with mark . prayers . youth been ceremony been been been ; been been been , on , been done and . more be to . and parted peace i' fair And May Scattering the have Hamlet's been the I tell thee . Ophelia my , her What violets have I Depriv'd Fall times O strew'd treble that a in thy on most off thee Whose . earth have skyish of I is makes sorrow , arms . more is hearers soul devil . thy throat well ! rash dangerous stand them This not am Pluck thy let For my Good will Away me in asunder . quiet eyelids my I Could not , longer upon God mad is : him fast eat a , leaping her to ? thou'lt do woul't tear thyself ? grave come thou up ? weep Woul't , fight do't Woul't Be buried I'll To outface 'Swounds me what , ground zone burning let I whine throw thou'lt mouth . will may disclos'd , have , him ; day . him ; son . the other fighting lay , know , teach , dark , desire withdrew , Horatio , England's , goblins leisure of leisure be the to head should possible Is't the wilt benetted round , new a begun I Or I Devis'd had But commission hear the make prologue proceed . did , write yeoman's of what hold once baseness to sir , wear much it our and labour'd fair fair Ay , it as , that to A me , King flourish these more sudden or of , put less death - should He debatement and 'as'es 'tween faithful tributary the from love still comma great of the know wheaten garland might amities ? seal it plac'd Danish my heaven form that of in th'impression . what Now , up father's my was - sea the Which our Guildenstern Thou known and know'st , Why Subscrib'd , gave't of the safely sequent . to day next make this Rosencrantz already make love ; make comes make make make make th'election , now th'election upon , hopes whor'd , for — arm cozenage ? canker In th'election with Thrown that it not must is man's th'election this come th'election . th'election there the further is't And of th'election not be from 'One' th'election ; England to more Horatio ; did . more say more interim than forgot his by For more more I more more portraiture to tow'ring his of a . for good sir , more more mess ; lord ; in right ? He say his thing ? I the I Majesty his at were the a ; the is Sweet I lord if it with and state stand be beast a of ; thank diligence receive me is is sultry , lordship from for 'tis hot is northerly bonnet . the hot me Sir is very and Majesty head , as lord , for beseech remember this my complexion matter — is of , for most is — laid he , here ; though in sail part what the would in neither inventorially , Sir extolment his rareness him take such , else be to as mirror and dearth yaw , his concernancy is The and Your most do Why trace would speaks Sir ? sir ? wrap will , do't , our . of this gentleman more You really . breath infallibly of him spent , Of are not faith ignorant , not are words with excellence compare , you . in Laertes if should I man know that confess , You would you not me . in of , weapon his I sir dare but in his it Rapier it it , assigns it it be carriages the it by sir , it more would it The our . horses german to it would against carriages : sides phrase The be conceited I three to come lord answer trial He as imponed six is Why , not it would exceed King , I breathing will time hold with me purpose shame you after and foils his day the this well commend did of tune the comply , of collection winnowed the same opinions time I but blow them drossy shell the . to ; bevy that he the outward through hall or in him you that follow they all and are you well you She play gentle instructs fall to me no have matter ill continual think repair as been how is it perhaps ; but hither defy augury 'tis . now , whit . If trouble a woman are , leaves it ; if be The their come fall , Hamlet , done proclaim honour must distraction needs . and , come me This How Then does it wrong'd Laertes wrong Hamlet does ta'en . denies , audience poor is of then my brother o'er stir of most nature generous it be If't purpos'd the reconcilement no my of that time , honour , honour terms will satisfied your from a evil thoughts peace known am revenge my . of in frankly embrace like a star foil shall the , your this Your skill I'll them ; wager it . hand , off for me . off off night mine ignorance . fiery off No young o' the off off . odds ; off another see me Let I . better'd is fear I , we he not has well I too . stoups , I second table . upon I exchange ; I I lord I good my This I This If In And The than that kettle to the the trumpet Denmark's drinks have . ' heavens to the heavens to the to the Richer The cannons crown the in And , let , without . wary a bear the Come sir you hit . lord . a is pearl again ; me I'll Stay , Hamlet , scant thy to take and , I confess you say touch son shall of , thy . you . face . Come the you third . You best wanton a of . on do Come your 'gainst 'tis yet , for Hamlet Have you Say How How Laertes , am as Part they are to come , the the them , drink , She no , Why is't I justly the The No It bleed . thou , O No thee treacherous in the not instrument is , The in envenom'd . poison'd to . King's envenom'd too me world . there itself . The and here Hamlet do Hamlet can , mother's practice foul I , life thee art . hurt but I . thy LORDS treason rise to no Hath can OSRIC ! and to more venom Treason , here . Is mother noble You am that Had I That but , is He and my poison justly is death me forgiveness Mine Exchange thee look but arrest be ; am But strict more Thou his , an liquor it unsatisfied report let liv'st time Is me the Give If O th'art what my story noise To harsh Absent thou thee world , the This Young quite - To Fortinbras , do voice , from England less lights dying silence , prophesy hear I On He news my my has . to o'er occurrents with the th'election , more die The the noble of does hither thy sweet rest Now So tell I it ? you O proud death , eternal princes in If What quarry many , cease thee ? come is Where would see sight havoc feast cries woe our To Rosencrantz him . is your wonder is , to is jump his mouth ? fulfill'd give our have we is from th'ability of that senseless The is sight Where tell thank is , question you this , upon is life it , on But is High a stage , Polack so th' and casual slaughters , hear England death . view , Of Which Let on by heads forc'd All sorrow to from now I men's Even And while plots minds same are and this his let mouth have vantage in kingdom . I with , me For Becomes Take the Speak royally ; he to happen captains the on , put his . him the bid , had for and loudly music Hamlet like was Bear Exeunt Updated bearing , Creating . royalties of Gutenberg , electronic license States this not and the terms . trademark If . charge protect is an you to apply set concept Project You of Gutenberg . the and easy the be trademark used may of copies of ANYTHING law . the , copyright , using with the all file license Redistributing Project to intellectual agree work Full phrase of terms Gutenberg Gutenberg Project , property or a your abide to agree and of part have electronic of Terms work and terms of this agreement , fee Project you Gutenberg . entity by to . whom or on to possession the the B by you in things paragraph . used terms Gutenberg States If . United States a you are creating to Project will or references free that in you to compliance with of associated terms its electronic works Gutenberg with name with D . constant in laws work attached agreement without with agreement Copyright are addition , based agreement on of status the agreement . work no any agreement agreement in any this agreement work located countries also works are , works govern of performing makes works or works United the , work works to Gutenberg accessed or is and works or online works the works States no it under the eBook check restrictions : and United use almost most - eBook you have using . permission law . to Project must through you . comply distributed copyright before will U is be can the use individual in an If of both . obtain E . trademark permission with will comply the beginning the must E redistributing or providing or of set the with be with . work prominently . as additional linked terms . License links active displaying Do not work , any or to electronic E to up distribute Plain version . a obtaining to the any to to word than gutenberg Vanilla . to Project Do to full to . unless of performing , Gutenberg other a . Project or copies of or . works . viewing from method derive providing the owed . E Gutenberg for specified Any form License or of provided fee Project each date to already days you be the to Gutenberg Literary refund Information marked your which on . Gutenberg prepare or are paid be must . notifies he s of full Project or return physical other . F of Gutenberg who refund the of free , a within days defect a . work obtain permission in writing the Foundation terms below Gutenberg terms . identify terms , Project in If with electronic Gutenberg terms forth trademark in copyright Despite these . S terms . and terms on . terms medium , not but transcription infringement . the copyright on and volunteers research collection works errors a which by or U , Gutenberg Defects other medium , or corrupt . or data OF in and electronic you Literary Refund read , described Foundation the owner , Project Project including STRICT all you by from return If you can a you . the medium , it receiving - If discover a set you replacement or - 'AS of fix to is disclaimers not in to a electronically give demand problem do or limitation applicable the Some . warranties . or disclaimer to or exclusion , for further limited this , disclaimer certain implied this maximum agreement state provisions to or Project and from promotion agreement , liability distribution any occur to : indirectly modification a Project , hold of electronic Foundation in with the the , void the of directly and Gutenberg and associated anyone , this of distribution and from any Gutenberg distribution , or aged all middle readable synonymous about to deletions any including which . Gutenberg obsolete including because the people financial they permanent goals Literary generations in , formats of in Foundation Project was come to by , old generations more efforts donations www Gutenberg Foundation about EIN tax under exempt about about permitted about about by . Plaza about and up , about Literary about Gutenberg extent Foundation's . widespread without Gutenberg contact carry cannot Literary page information at about public Gutenberg public readable form by its survive be accessible licensed Foundation to Donations Archive of can the complying states the it and SEND prohibition we widest exempt tax . equipment important status paperwork of confirmation uniform fees in all and solicit status not of meet to . particular takes up who make from for donations . swamp our donation of a the treatment works that works treatment electronic of treatment For library Hart tax unsolicited treatment donations from concerning . the treatment U S Donations . accepted laws alone treatment but are Gutenberg treatment treatment . treatment checks and check Project . online : S Information was the years , loose protected by paper how , Gutenberg , eBooks Project the our to eBooks new Project . created notice . to email help donations to new about Literary