, answer . Who's the live King Stand unfold ! He . me now 'Tis For relief twelve struck come I you had sick a If I hear And honest you , Friends , I think the , him night reliev'd . my farewell has is has not let 'tis but belief Welcome thing . minutes of apparition speak it to this eyes and awhile , 'twill , us Touching this Therefore says of appear your , against our have . story heaven again . that's comes it , dead . Horatio Horatio . and . Horatio . Question would art thou that usurp'st of time . spoke to form night , speak ! away stalks it charge look answer thee I ? pale fantasy ? on't might eyes the thyself on had he ; parle dead the on . at by gone Polacks 'Tis before martial So When sledded strange jump my our . our , knows , hour , watch know opinion to eruption In At Doth Who the be toward can now by in ; his by seiz'd , King a ; of by article the as sir , design'd , young hot , and here full , which of , there resolutes is by strong hand , state I foresaid , this those preparations the , but rummage the so portentous like King : e'en so the watch question palmy mightiest Julius mind's of be That In A The mote Did And As Was cross prologue harbingers the Unto soft behold ! climatures precurse and almost to the omen preceding still like Have , hast any good , use , fate done me , of any it , If If thou , if , Or Which they which I'll do Stop speak oft in country's may thy of earth hast , to thy thou in speak it I of it it with my ? partisan violence malicious blows wrong 'Tis gone being show the We it offer is as To do And it our then Upon cock with his that fearful , to , so of air it started vain about was Awake the his This Whether Doth The It . guilty morn sounding thing , air or in , day and of or is summons the ; his warning , believe witch witch him , life speak it , witch . charm strike planets dare all nor are , fairy So witch have I heard we our the o'er Unto Let Walks witch , Do Break witch we This us witch what to morn ; of you needful , I we Where The of pray loves young do't spirit Let's To That Cornelius Laertes and in our memory Though Lords Voltemand . grief , one with with sometime to with one with eye now him grief fought sorrow remembrance 'twere scale grief Hamlet yet be far hath grief Yet we hearts Together our Th'imperial grief To contracted discretion this sister think ourselves warlike , In equal wife wisdoms grief weighing and With Therefore state a affair For this He not brother with So for Now Colleagued our of surrender , for this all of father Thus To and business with by . all young out dream weak , this With by our the the follows that you know Fortinbras are proportions full and valiant , herein and is bed , fail'd hath much Who Of Farewell CORNELIUS all The further His lists In that And You speak of my What , asking , Laertes your these ; what's is't , the to mouth to , news ? you , with Laertes ? heart , Dane , coronation duty ; to France Denmark . pardon says gracious bend ? your to from last consent to leave . go will at my it cousin that lord , cast eye thy noble look like with father all . die must dust . I black good solemn forc'd the shows of know is thee is river breath ; eye of moods . a trappings these you To have me , passeth for your , lost obsequious a , condolement . is stubbornness obligation , father to nature suits which These actions that in your lost some persevere is mind and grief , unschool'd to term and . sorrow mourning his But unmanly incorrect the fault a who still cried died , as heaven impatient opposition fault common hath to , our 'tis whose and till he pray and , woe ; no nobility his bears For your father of our love the world throne Wittenberg to that you toward less most dearest which with impart back and , mother you and loving 'tis ourself gentle my best my , This Sits Be I But No the the O Or a dew O O melt , nature ! so should gross to not this garden ! two , and this come was to . she of would the so of appetite within hang on had Heaven ; rank an in : heaven him ! woman — old is name body — uncle mine she of father tears ! to to sheets good post , wicked incestuous speed hold my cannot , nor not my , to glad , The same , poor ever lord my do I servant friend ; you : Horatio . sir Wittenberg my hear do truster are your you enemy good that ear know in , make you . from disposition see faith , say violence own no ; bak'd meats . Where eye ? my goodly Horatio like saw him upon him , King till , father . for attent the marvel love of In encounter'd point before and their oppress'd truncheon's ; fear length jelly and whilst - with speak , dumb Stand I , did , time good ; your like ? true both night impart to him the of kept watch we platform where ; to made , deliver'd word more knew are lord head as it like motion even lifted then away , speak address . sight haste our it up Did But And answer morning morning did live let To do morning , sirs and MARCELLUS morning you . lord you honour'd from . morning down of know my it writ morning tonight ? it . me . duty our in troubles wore he , saw my My O , more sorrow in look'd , from you lord What A much had there constantly constantly constantly constantly . been haste constantly long constantly , hell though noble . peace it father's , all gape ye and . no silence your in shall else , So understanding loves your platform the requite Upon father's Till Though My I And And My But convoy , For Hamlet Hold a you Do and , are me . sleep give winds the as , violet not , permanent No No perfume Forward it in crescent nature and , primy favour , not sweet youth that doubt and lasting ; alone temple and you soul . but , you cautel ; but loves he as doth but . but virtue he Carve His of withal wide For sanctity choice whole but , but : birth persons to unvalu'd on his this of will is but his not so wisdom head voice be circumscrib'd you , songs treasure , rear you which goes may your importunity honour Denmark of loss voice deed says he open : spring , moon dew . the strokes to beauty is and shot oft canker itself galls and infants liquid imminent fear in . ungracious thorny and reckless my keep lesson libertine rede his own dalliance to pastors way But itself wary to watchman shall a and some not steep primrose not is second . these a aboard , memory no tongue with you means his adoption comrade being precepts of precepts with , precepts thoughts no precepts vulgar tried precepts , precepts palm dull not do Those precepts Of each new ear may ; my I then invites The have to you your remember lock'd , of the said and well keep to . of yourself oft : touching very most 'tis and you and must understand as so — it As And it your audience to you of caution my you ? Give and clearly honour the made to truth . tell me you . I yourself true baby think should , phrase . poor more dearly , love with he In call it ; to holy all the woodcocks , honourable the Lends Ay With And , Ay , more the must a You so much in is ; higher Lord young Hamlet , rate presence - lord my countenance his given Giving Believe Set your scanter take promise light vows heat as for Be in Even their , fire . time walk are , moment leisure forth he may they , obey words give . he few investments show any slander so . shall . lord I terms from is time . come Lord the air is . season . draws to then his ? lord reels , his It of . down out the , mean mean ; though born manner mind mean my to the More And it his trumpet mean my mean phrase west custom mean nations swinish height , takes at chances our other the a is I a custom it , marry are particular it and That o'ergrowth the complexion them reason forts his they of , some of in Since vicious pith their , nature indeed and ; addition From form Being livery , The Carrying manners stamp , they may undergo guilty , pure corruption too of in in down By So The that and I His Or As by breaking Oft virtues To noble . men of dram scandal it a thee Bring as As all , my lord ministers Doth I Be own particular fault a ! Look airs com'st Thou Be , Let saw but thee thou with Dane father me thy Why That night thee Dane Wherein will intents such . their Dane ! dead the beyond Wherefore reaches shake , op'd burst To Dane we his again why hearsed ignorance . thee this again thus this is Dane ? and to it As Dane Revisit'st , With So why Say beckons you Look you do go more action , ground what to not with courteous you It not It waves to if it with some impartment To do What if It will And my not what for I It waves Or tempt toward summit some base the of into other you puts more And shall Without Go You rul'd you petty each fate the Unhand . makes And hardy I a ! make not 'tis wilt Whither will I almost , will further will come will and hearing will flames will ! poor Must will me Pity So art Speak , I What thy the am . bound to hear , for term to walk the to am spirit Doom'd could and the Till Thy knotted quills Like of But ears thou particular , be , blood house am fires of ; spheres , end porpentine to on , list ; part locks O father ; not — Murder , sweep May God ! as swift most the in most , I thou ease the wings and with of . than on be . thee find I , so me that the , Lethe , my Hamlet . hear weed fat , Denmark youth soul did of O With Ay O , Rankly given 'Tis The From it Upon went , to ! me O hand ; with to link'd , celestial in a a it court mine lust Will And lewdness soft ! Though But That in hand gifts never mov'd be heaven ; to itself prey . always secure porches distilment with blood effect courses the of , Holds The leperous an enmity as gates natural That And of curd thin , The And with did about of did in stole of , of milk posset a hebenon of my ears it a of like most a Of Cut off of With life Unhous'led reckoning , my , blossoms unanel'd to . of sin crust once , bear this , royal luxury thou hast nature howsoever Let thou O , I , queen of , bosom account , dispatch'd on be horrible 'gins , sting . shows pale adieu to adieu glow , soul it Denmark , heaven not ; incest ! Remember uneffectual matin thee well at once . near thee seat ? old my else , heart table . memory a What earth , the to fire his hell you And shall all you Adieu host And couple my me poor this Yea books baser All I sinews O heaven ! O , stiffly But In , up while of records past brain heaven , a it , most O smile So may . I there tables am adieu , I uncle , HORATIO . Within lord , is and be villain ! word ' . to . in me my Denmark one It . Heaven Lord Within Within it be So . lord . come my , bird wonderful , my ? it . once ? man secret be heaven by , But a villain an he's , come Denmark it ? think grave part all the i' circumstance at : lord my poor for business desire shall you hands desire , tell me what know . one , tonight . Give What make My faith will , and my my . my lord , already , in swear't lord faith seen we Swear , truepenny in swear Consent to Swear sword . seen sword you that again gentlemen shift we'll Come on , you by ? hands this , Then Beneath And et . Beneath ! day Well A night And are therefore to Never lay speak old pioner more as Here Than There O said things , and worthy are strange As With That I perchance : out , this phrase if and be could head - note would' , not help , do , you . So gentlemen commend love , my , With a your perturbed Beneath spirit I as friending me your shall so . your your Let us , lips , your . pray , your , in your go to together joint , joint joint joint Reynaldo joint these joint notes make it joint good . money shall I will , his visit you You Of My said very him , wisely to Danskers ; lord what , this do some know demands and mark you very , father come touch will may you my say wild ' , very put ; 'not friends nearer more it , question knowledge him . distant do but he so please and mean I Ay part particular , you of , most usual slips , dishonour may if't be sir take marry , Reynaldo lord ; rank him and him companions To are such youth ; But , you As and What ; lord drinking may . gaming or ; Quarrelling My no not You Faith flash and in The A meaning : the open scandal the ; on of assault general my But my Of breathe but . lord unreclaimed blood you . th' him you the you sound my of you , prenominate crimes , you you you , that . working my sullies you , drift , son soil'd be or guilty in 'friend or . my , sir , about to What was mass I does According good Very does . this . 'gentleman . ' . ' At 'friend 'I was then I , Videlicet my So And by Your By you My lord you Good his yourself you You . bias , well lord . lord his in inclination ply shall him And Well , my , affrighted . stockings unbrac'd my in doublet , his his , what With , what's have the all his to his head , Hamlet a , he comes love thy been ? out so he if And , look horrors not speak as Ungart'red , and with it such length the the . stay'd of , he he by hand of — thus little perusal o'er wrist held truly his me took As He head did being his end For out o' his . a He And me last doors head That sigh a Long and profound me lets and he their Whose with This leads the violent I seek , undertakings the heaven sorry hard I under itself of go without light without their me love will ecstasy property went way bended the the find with And seem'd He And go to , sorry better hath His meant not I No must known More to , hide than cast him . made him heed did , move you . Guildenstern see hate being we opinions , it to wreck is discretion that Our nor Resembles Since Of More This since being of you And That Hamlet's it . of th'understanding young neighbour'd days to . I youth in humour himself entreat brought much th'exterior nor I it What from dream than his father's him , good and it afflicts to to us occasion lies unknown pleasures within much men hath you so talk'd of not will much . If and adheres profit a your pleasures to dread the have command feet at the such us awhile thanks , into To up both obey in . gentle and Rosencrantz Go instantly you visit Hamlet Guildenstern . and . Rosencrantz where gentlemen beseech And , changed you and son and Thanks , and Th'ambassadors and and Have I and do , think God — of else brain policy this . hear . feast that fruit that bring that , them , sweet source no our other the o'erhasty shall but we , Welcome Say , His and me do is But be It To His nephew's into his sickness hand Highness in so a preparation which , sent , what return greetings out to Polack truly he 'gainst , look'd levies appear'd ; arrests , more , joy , shown , dominions please might entreaty as before to thousand him To of , crowns employ your never in fine obeys , soldiers the further enterprise pass this we'll - quiet business took feast . together . ended expostulate soul time , and the , duty is is time night brevity limbs Your for brief the is be madam , waste and ; true . use no figure all true art . true I More Madam That Or rather this effect out let , I And this defect . thus obedience remainder 'beautified' her from , my a : but the stars fire are doth , be I ? is most ; hear love I doubt stay awhile ; move liar . most daughter , solicitings it not me to , by hath ear my best at ill most above lady And But What they a do man hath out hath this thee love dear more means , might this I If Before my Majesty the heart play'd , so a told it seen Or I my look'd you upon love desk might you you think , that tell must hot faithful your with mute - wing work , the think book round did I , No ? winking me , here , dumb bespeak went idle and then And ' messengers took mistress a is not , a watch sadness herself the short a this raves , make — likely he by into his tokens into then , from resort . advice for think may it , that Not such said , time be we all . ' indeed . Take If Hath this Within such you a At Mark the time I'll behind love the . the walks indeed it try sometimes I loose . and the So Here the the him the , be keep it the , O beseech presently , not then a for farm no and fall'n thereon , comes does I'll board Away sadly . reading poor - Lord good me know . lord well , my do . mercy my sir to ten true very honest I i' th' may on harping a to't my . lord ? good , dead a — carrion that ; in said sun conceive Friend , Conception . daughter not me How by first at What is the matter you read , words ? have a , honesty backward old go madness my ? this walk is happiness that the air of means the prosperously o' often Into meeting most will . Though the of . Aside How , on of . hits madness my my , he tedious you . My Polonius God sir . save Lord lord dost we On about you Then the As indifferent we are that cap Nor the shoe . my her lord , Fortune None have , Fortune What is doomsday But that that prison that . your she Then that you news is you to good my true , prison and that wards many the . not Let that friends hither that my a sends Then one o' for so To not Denmark is my confines . dungeons , world , 'tis We in which think , Why could and I but . of . a bad mind your for count very myself by , a monarchs . you ? shadow merely dream A Truly shadows such speak to ROSENCRANTZ and reason court our , outstretch'd bodies Shall . I We'll you , you you will an way beaten poor my in for And sent you ? you free with too dear a halfpenny I ? attended of of honest not the thanks should say You which confession in nay a it come , my ; the your purpose we Come . Is , kind anything to preserved you were whether no more what If sent , for you . rights ? by the me love shall so for hold you , dear by the better proposer of sterile . my with you have of this custom discovery disposition ; anticipation feather I your prevent , no lost goes , air roof me man how admirable reason why promontory , fire to all mirth heavily me a my you so not , know I canopy majestical how And paragon dust though world , lord My by , faculties in most , no , angel form Man of an . firmament the is moving in and apprehension . work animals how in pestilent , in action of , this what beauty woman entertainment Lenten Majesty . have ; part the what me' ? to not to — man whose mind were the and to to the both to , in are players to wont take tickle verse tragedians ? to his freely delight . travel inhibition think I you of not lady city — reputation the and Are in such Their means was late the of No it chances profit , better was the hold , their tyrannically , are are are keeps in that pace Do wonted so eyases are there call the indeed goose Who maintains than they to — common writers are sing themselves stages clapped children comes ? for't , pursue the they , they like if if no the do . and . There player the on sin , been argument tarre has make to much them should they , bid has no for O Is't of his nation a to the ? the cuffs no while ; sides both controversy unless to , my uncle . Hercules of , is it throwing been my do at mouths is Do give philosophy could those picture father lord , and , too apiece more it out lived . in ; strange ducats for for while than Elsinore the father dear You mother players like - the is are lest entertainment lord than hands I are you wind When his ear too with gentlemen at hearer southerly That , players Monday 'twas so an old . clouts You — indeed Mark . for each out them tell for are to news , there he's will lord The have his actor honour . tragedy on Buzz When . My tell , each either pastoral , world the in my comical and - pastoral are only comedy , the historical scene for Then historical . my what , historical be law Seneca cannot Israel liberty heavy had fair Jephthah pastoral too The on and ? for men no — lord treasure ! thou a he treasure Why loved which daughter he Aside th' . me well , daughter . daughter not it , lot row of came and pass chanson then my my well I Nay follows a lord as look as , you like young my than your ring falconers as I as us give speech passionate . speech a like Come . to nearer as chopine cracked straight . quality welcome gold not of , We'll . see piece you mistress , as of last ! By'r lady altitude be within acted voice a I above , heard caviare not judgements general a , the down of mine no cried the Come e'en have , speech but in top as the wholesome of indite received remember once . called with , I in might as One phrase as make as , it the to — see with slaughter speaks at is as this of handsome sallets that live let resemble , horse black dismal total is now It where loved very , affectation of memory begin The Black especially 'Twas much Aeneas' tale to Dido . dread , streets , hellish gore damned , So o'ersized murders impasted lend vile And eyes like a and . carbuncles Priam in a and Roasted thus With , short too well at his Striking Takes Seeming prisoner as a neutral against nothing see heavens , death speechless , so anon winds But And in bold the Did like as silence we Of So A often as hush The As rend Doth shall He's for a jig Say This , too too too good too . say on too he or a is threat'ning all with would th'alarm clout , too to 'Mobled About A When the gods treason tongue o'erteemed for in fear stood , her late 'Gainst if instant The Run With Unless In , has not have Would ? well . eyes , of at has soon — the epitaph . are the and their time , of turn'd speak colour in , you no the death you players brief ill let . you , have they abstracts to bounty . them Good hear chronicles . every after them ? the Can my could for Dost less , should deserve sixteen We'll You I not and in't , We'll ? would need Gonzago . We'll Murder a study down insert We'll speech of look We'll The a We'll Ay which , lines , lord you Ay Follow and night that set I'll Elsinore am am to friends and My welcome , not . alone aspect conceit his her to Hecuba forms a his voice motive to With A he the for drown horrid with for cue appal the ; Yet stage Hecuba nothing free What or Hecuba his all function wan'd own And speech I and the would , No nothing a and and and - muddy , dear , king coward not eyes ? the of , ear with ignorant A Tweaks to me defeat and gives , was . and property ? be this i' ? it lack does me made Am it in pate breaks the my damn'd Upon off treacherous have make But With I should the , am oppression fatted ass vengeance am I , liver'd I bitter murder'd hell unpack Bloody , the all ? lie cannot me : lungs As ! what , and gall villain bawdy region kites ! this Remorseless They brave words players , soul cunning no ! a scene , seen , spirit I hath yea of For most mine know T'assume he Abuses damn me blench but perhaps speak . devil and shape weakness The . devil pleasing potent . such he ; is a the I'll him he by can Grating I'll this . The days this of on his all circumstance of lunacy by no , And Get turbulent quiet , confusion ? he puts drift , confession be forward madness keeps feels . to his we cause a state well gentleman of sounded a . any to him assay you Madam a of a players him told order a already the kind Of They . the certain him a we pastime . court of a question Most Did so it This And o'er a beseech'd hear see most play entreat doth much true 'Tis he To . my further content to Good gentlemen With and give sent by Ophelia , and as Affront Sweet Gertrude these delights , us for 'twere , he And If't be by him no , unseen too his leave , closely myself I Her thus , obey th'affliction , ourselves , For of And so bestow of of of Will of he be I honours may — To . wish of do . for I , beauties part you wonted his , Ophelia . of such — exercise blame colour please Gracious that of with sugar . himself The We And O . do in art visage this book , this ! my withdraw ! lord : is outrageous the in of arrows slings not The How I him is to nobler them by sleep the die dreams come rub question suffer , sleep consummation , the fortune — there's the . we to of To a and , shocks end , coil contumely delay , man's say natural thousand to to sleep unworthy himself That But undiscover'd bare When bodkin the , country of under quietus , of patient With No The and dread rather returns a spurns his sweat a And conscience to makes that traveller us And thus does of great bear from ills us all ? moment , have resolution of grunt he ? Who something , weary life will the those that the enterprises And The fly Is lose With sicklied with the And fair I humbly receive of thy . currents awry orisons day a . now you in , long longed , My I have , gave . you right aught of words you And with them not them you so No How thank pray made There ! Are you honest mind ? Ha As Take lord I , when lord noble ? unkind to rich again be my beauty if power than his Ay did the better lordship your fair you means honesty . paradox made believe , will honesty once . translate time loved our old now . force you for I a breeder yet wouldst was Why mother . have a bawd I . my we shall , virtue deceived more accuse could give do me I be . What arrant At nunnery all I I the . of am such sinners I than earth Go of ? beck thy to . dowry ! play ? crawling your believe , home him . that own house as none my thou you not thy shalt monsters too make wilt Or if quickly enough . thee pure go be marry , as upon the Let If , have chaste O to ; for dost a fool face . will , you paintings O wise , another what needs marry them of you given amble your wantonness . Farewell one enough . heavenly your and , no The And Th'observ'd Th'expectancy I That Now suck'd of and noble keep is eye , quite , quite most bells that the honey of mould of , sword , but all already deject observers rose o'erthrown tongue form wretched vows and is , seen , tend way form in something lack'd that see woe feature and form spake There's do little his That ladies and jangled ecstasy have of tune most his music and out of sovereign noble sweet Like For the the I some do which His I brood determination which melancholy a to , shall neglected in , beating still brains his demand be not what Nor O'er in the I he our quick danger puts you heart , thus ? please you do alone be entreat all us lord let queen his But do love neglected . heard We And his grief conference send think find him , the unwatch'd . not him or ; be I trippingly . him where , you please wisdom It best she go shall great mouth thus town the beget and But the tongue a , as I say such Herods would robustious to split nothing . the pated whirlwind . as , my you pray I as lines , periwig ears . use many of in , fellow groundlings of your tutor . this discretion action special who to too to me a dumb avoid honour your . fellow word you is Suit and was and the let but a too that the his own the tame very most noise not the off which . her to of not to the . warrant have overdone the , grieve ; is purpose playing own be with own modesty , make of others . of form feature from it scorn ; neither , of there and O accent strutted so humanity journeymen nor , heard having well theatre virtue hold Now laugh the pressure 'twere mirror the to nature age I to them speak nor bellowed not sir speak no made , your , or allowance must , unskilful the so gait the that have it have . will be barren spectators pitiful be the most clowns us . I that had And . have let . For abominably , play a make Go . How in considered in the villainous necessary of down altogether the Bid players make . them the you to help two And Will meantime , shows . We Queen What , Here will art conversation withal service . cop'd . just a as hast revenue advancement flatter from ; be thee spirits , hear the good election nothing him this heart I will of that man wear heart hast thou blessed soul foul his judgements occulted guilt have we , note heedful are that see'st , of before comes thou tonight of told the very If near father's foot ; join rivet stithy eyes we itself with Even Observe uncle . one speech ; playing is . be , must pay seeming , the . air capons Hamlet cousin you , so others place a Guildenstern and , play to detecting Get : answer Hamlet of crammed faith have How coming are They To promise Excellent I No i' That th'university I me Capitol a you enact My these i' . play'd you , th' Be your . a ready stay did enact , my ; Come No It I Ay of , hither King . I you Do I nothing I meant That's What thought . matters ? lord Ay are . lord . within's died my should , is but But Then What lord , father have not and black maker a . may memory two the mother ! with a , horse he the King kneels upon horse whose ; protestation unto him . and he O not . for , his life shall O takes bank comes down forgot outlive lovingly makes , the kisses The She and She Enter takes . his , head very her asleep some Mutes , in poison pours it , seeming seeing crown , a on by'r . action to with means . love this the woos Poisoner . The lord it , in passionate , in mischief What play means counsel . all ? the imports players cannot the what by tell miching the the argument ; keep you it means . ashamed ? to you show . this show tell Here not that show stooping and patiently of posy a We beg I'll tragedy , the your not Will You or , any shame to show us , Is , 'Tis or , brief Neptune's About Since Unite love have most bands did borrow'd ground a salt and thirties twelve times many us , sacred sick your o'er hearts world commutual times hath Phoebus' orbed sheen been our . moon with , hands . distrust , too grows doubts great shortly . so do behind one love , Yet , women's neither love love love Where thou functions , in holds quantity are leave haply , as — the , grow fears who be my their live this me None Are A But respects time of do you Aside needs must I husband think birth violent to we on validity memory bed . move . my kisses believe what Of we second the , unripe but instances The determine , when 'tis fruit do second When base we propose the me they we that doth either grief , joy even is for slender change . accident 'tis most a , grief or ; enemies tend lack never hitherto man down who The fortune , a hollow try , flies . love most fortunes prove strange ; lament nor , us yet of doth , none overthrown run our wed thou ours devices first die Our think shall love friend : contrary his end their nor light me , lord where do , it joy face scope , ends when from in a Meet If what . Ophelia sworn she once , To earth Each anchor's and Sport here I ever leave now I . between rock Sleep never To And , O lady Is much in play , how call the . the you but What do of Duke's name , there no ; the no jest i' play work touches not us what o' Baptista of : Let groaning my , cost a Still raven murderer Begin fit , doth and , the else no creature croaking , keen You you better , Come black , Confederate and the written estate choice . very gets frighted King love . property You wife shall . rises with with Lights some , with with the , let with me , with watch runs So some ungalled must hart ungalled The ungalled Why ungalled this get ungalled shoes , fortunes not Would ungalled For Of A I'll have word well talk ? perceive ghost's lord my , of some the if , belike then some well , music like vouchsafe well . well the Come him note not me whole well , sir , well a King , well my lord , he Ay his The Sir doctor my in No , for me to lord more put I in mother Queen , more my The my , good more your most you , a more , put wildly , more please courtesy your , more You are is you my and pardon Sir I return I the answer be your If right the my it mother's shall , wholesome ; make you business , you me to Make wholesome son at : answer a matter no , can Then matter that to speak the can Therefore matter wonderful We matter desires shall , matter lord so do she matter , your these ? deny to you cause you ten you My in her any you King . advancement if by You the is proverb of Denmark in the grows — something for your the himself do toil unmannerly griefs the into too why drive play Will my , you withdraw To — lord I that , as one , be understand the Let me grass if ? a pipe . it , it most and . my these mouth these I I know I command , how , But these you ; and cannot ; you is it pipe Call 'Sblood a sound much speak . utterance of stops thing your you my know upon , the you . top , voice , from , played mystery yet fret a be you My lord , see yonder , shape a weasel 'tis in speak me compass to you the Queen presently camel and . sir , is is Or like like it cloud would like and backed I and . the , top of itself I night such the Leave ever . not her this ; as but bosom ; use mother , by is and 'Tis now easily , yawn said . world look lose Nero cruel , none , to not on churchyards Would will To give tongue and him , speak Soft now to nature , daggers like he England dispatch us . it hourly may as lunacies doth . estate along Therefore safe prepare grow safe bodies many ourselves his will , shall those Most Hazard of commission To let his your to That lives of alone Dies It cease weal like . the on ; many whose and and upon not near whose spokes summit with but from it live holy and The What's Are sigh annexment , with a general , alone mount of and the bound strength To Fix'd it mortis'd With pray . The gulf a falls , doth the of huge ten ruin but boist'rous petty Never - free too fetters which thousand . groan this , she'll than audience , said as the vantage we For Which ROSENCRANTZ goes now and them Behind To nature of call my the rank eldest , heaven , it , Fare upon tell , curse upon't , liege ; bed , well Since O And I'll My Though Thanks dear It I both than snow To And wash , inclination guilt . itself rain white it there in like as strong as , to will : cursed begin bound intent the Whereto brother's this come my effects That But to confront enough where hand blood serves offence in But ? turn not pardon'd And To those Of out the gilded the , My prayer visage the but O for mine one crown my is fault My which I did and shove may hand own . law oft Offence's Buys no seen In And I still , am since and corrupted is evidence and , justice above ; my ? queen by There give soul Help O , What then But can it and as In Try To to in , heart be may of new sinews knees engag'd soft more O Yet Now now so heaven With his took And his my all And And with our the of and season'd and is 'Tis But To heavy kills villain his fit asleep is , he When he , father is save , full that ? No rage bed about drunk and To Or sword I , crimes audit circumstance blown grossly And this , When And in thou At him , pleasure th'incestuous no it And This whereto goes may soul , hell And in of And relish his salvation stays days rises The physic And Then And but . be his a more horrid thoughts as heels of kick mother sickly to up , swearing in't and go screen'd too Look have heaven and My him your his Within Withdraw , I Mother you him . coming what's , Now . warrant thou , Fear . me you , tongue much offended Go , answer with a . the my an question , come , Mother Come You , And , ho , wilt ho rat Draws , not murder you part of you ! now Nay How Dead I a rash . bloody deed it . mother good is thou a kill 'twas be thy too hands busy is , you down , shall . thy , such a deed vows , glow religion contraction doth plucks marriage rose modesty an and the and blush , and doom . Makes and . and O act and to picture and in threaten , thunders , me at against the and compound face Heaven's of rhapsody A so Is Look roars and as the ? what act , the index See Hyperion's like grace was lighted A Where Blasting is your To New station on and a to like brother world herald hill . what you . mountain , but sure , feed to humble that what your age ? mildew'd eyes you you leave tame is choice thrall'd have it's and your this call day And Nor to , have the batten Here wholesome fair upon from Else You The - in such cozen'd , feeling at difference some motion sure err not you Sense was ; to blood judgement this you step serve in reserv'd That And compulsive When Ears the in If frost itself own thou not there see such , Hamlet will not eyes gives as wax , blush ? more tinct black speak but honeying the These words speak in corruption O no grained . nasty bed rank the me , is precedent slave nasty O Over sweat to villain it lord not to no nasty a and That And of from nasty nasty put No o'er diadem the part . Hamlet more nasty . A ; tithe , and vice of kings not Alas A your Of a of and me You Do you Is look O come of forget to thy almost This ! say your in tardy not whet . acting and strongest works . command to passion her on thy Hamlet . mother vacancy , lady wildly peep with amazement . soul is't ? is't ? on eye is't her , it is Speak to do like . O thy glares is't , discourse spirits life end and the bedded as with And And , your the Forth is't incorporal air soldiers the you Alas That is't him form true Will is't Sprinkle make want ; tears what you My stern To do Lest capable cause Then piteous conjoin'd Look Whereon son , see nothing that and effects you yet all there Do nothing you look habit . away at liv'd ! the it ourselves hear this speak Nor Why look in his but steals brain your in ! This That Ecstasy creation And I have utter'd . flattering film , will matter not Lay Would that trespass . past not do And Infects For , Virtue and for me my beg to , It That the all place soul your to unction , Confess the . of woo thou O the away hast vice fatness , and but my madness , to ulcerous , come weeds virtue what is to heaven him good or yet sense uncle's bed . livery and in mine the with go . That the He habits , angel more frock actions abstinence that aptly Assume Good night But not , live Of monster is use the to throw next use evil on lend can either And put And shall , kind . the stamp , good Refrain of good The gives , me . I kind . do bed tempt What One be him So , me ; him gave I death The shall do lady remains be and and worse only this begins no your for , good . minister . behind to , word more and , And let the by this Let Pinch But who that's despite the fly and like top , famous the ? hide a mad dear , conclusions the in concernings That craft a Make paddling wanton him a pair ravel essentially I Or Such Would For No breath thou Be your own neck made no said thou Alack I if break Unpeg Let to you England seal'd I Whom . be and knavery , and the delve the me bear , concluded fang'd my work Let 'tis For Hoist with And lug , This one shall guts foolish , and knave meet most sweet , grave counsellor , an draw life me the set . line at moon man When ; is your . Good was still good the into . understand while a place on tonight . sighs Hamlet ? good my , does lord sighs his In How , sighs arras the the the his sighs brainish hearing cries 'A this apprehension . ' sighs man , kills sighs ! there rat good rat stir had been to so out Behind in Gertrude is Which had rapier And His But mad young short , is you It Should This To , The been We of from the apart the his the life body he hath kill'd . He Shows The But Even countenance Friends with hence itself To pith . Where touch this and majesty Ho skill slain him aid further , shall vile Guildenstern , the this body , and bring dragg'd and some hath with Both Into the level As And is soul My of discord ! O and Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet GUILDENSTERN ! come on Within . Who ? noise What a — can Compounded and replication us Tell it with to not , Believe what not a up , that officers an . sir Ay them what for the do he when you swallowed , in countenance . his by own mine be soaks of I King's sponge have best King lord us the . the in and the A understand I you , lord such , the what corner ; first ear dry gleaned of you , needs . us King . thing sleeps speech , seek him thing is King where him with — the goes law multitude their loose ! and must sending appliance not . reliev'd desperate smooth , is man find ; him to this that distracted away is ? grown him sudden , us get at Or the where know my befall'n lord At At Hamlet Bring he creatures your lean fat where , eaten is That's alas fat worms politic with fish king all We Not where are to to e'en him beggar Your Where of diet two for — only your we for ourselves service dishes certain go progress . and end variable but one but and Alas hath , fed worm may man Send nose place lobby stairs there him . him shall this him . within To i' thither month seek He , this we done we . thine hast do Which The With which everything Therefore , that tend For , thee at is . Hamlet . send especial . dearly thyself England , our ? a see Father Thy and so my loving mother , come , it Good . father and mother man and My . Delay leans , it That And After — mayst — awe not thou , us love if England in my I 'tis done , begun blood effect , Till know , Do my greet the promis'd a Go Tell Craves the conveyance Over If his kingdom . his me my haps , that that Captain the The Howe'er must cure hectic thou And his And . do't will express with of know duty I let shall We , Against Good How Norway . Fortinbras , pray of them part some are , Poland , of commands Or Truly nephew it To Goes against , a should thousand Two ranker will in yield it to , five , be or Pole in the fee . thousand . defend it ducats this wealth shows humbly I and breaks is This and and That inward not , sir , and his time . and large A and . Go . and . some , craven Now or , thinking in capability after to To And chief made and unus'd precisely to And yet , cause have To I A do't Witness army gross will parts too good ? of no whether godlike and us coward Bestial , th'event — one means and me and say , hath I reason scruple Exposing that Why Led Of ever not for mouths delicate such three quarter'd and honour's at stir . mother a argument a To Is Whose what to and my , kill'd the greatly But father find . to eggshell , at the and my shame this from O , be enough and ? tomb Excitements their a death while without How in quarrel And let imminent my stake a thousand and beds like is Which importunate not will thoughts to That hide My . with speak To the mood would she in is move . nothing beats her doubt , thought gestures think and up ; ill fit to at strew she might their doth of , yet sure she Dangerous Let To good 'Twere So sick seems some of soul in - breeding own thoughts yield . there . them great spilt jealousy sin's . beauteous is Ophelia Each , you Say , sweet what And cockle you imports , green grass and gone , turf gone a his the , mountain as , White Alas Pray you mark look , shroud , At , his Nay true - here all with love owl may be baker's ? not ; did flowers grave lady was pretty this , of means I in is Conceit a ; when this Valentine's you say the maid be a To And All at Valentine your and rose he Indeed Let in the maid , that on't . my thus not come An ha' . i' be be think all How well hope weep By Gis and fie they to to done , and shame ! good th' cold good But brother , good poison her All good ; When from this watch , good counsel for would , of ; ladies to thank , so . come her ladies death . your Polonius' death unwholesome son battalions , thoughts have him , springs . spies , as and , which is Feeds Last the from inter mere . all these and done Poor , and herself - his Of , Divided For hugger Without , to his person dear , of a ear buzzers on With to is this ? of the . of , noise Let is of what piece my , lord his of and of Alack What the my the matter the door the , the , begin but in overpeering flats offices were the . lord the him riotous a of , rabble call be king it word king to every custom , world tongues be 'Laertes cry The Caps Where this . in . you Danish dogs ! ' without come let's Danes you Laertes they , broke counter on we door We is No , Keep , Calmly me all stand you king ; harlot the proclaims that's my mother That Even is the cause Laertes brow father my Give . good , O thou vile bastard unsmirched . like giant — Gertrude What Of between true my , fear , king There's treason of his peep so not Tell — fill demand came Acts hell I his But How , both That and ! Vows this I ; comes what come him pit with . husband you stay , To to the point only ? them reveng'd negligence blackest devil , I for world so well , my I'll That dear Good arms , foe revenge , know the in writ both ? None sweepstake , but Winner Will you enemies then them his speak true father's it judgement your level to to your for . in gentleman pelican - ope rendering kind them Why good As the like , my Repast . come your as How , most am a Like her now Within does ? eye times mine of and be . What seven is Tears that noise sense madness turn scale , as old where of nonny — maid's O beam the heavens in love kind , be thing him his thou is Nature could him a - that stole a . ' tear , O master's steward than nothing's call rosemary there ! the not is daughter , pray . and madness you herb Sundays O ; thoughts , you give would . more . that's is in A for . but fennel call , it may document This , and favour , sweet affliction and . made you must come ? all Robin wither'd with No will no to Go , death come he not again my is to will bed away And is All God is as - as was , gone , pray God beard never he poll snow , ye . me you friends your God commune I was , gone see soul . his O with Go collateral ; and but your hear touch'd and whom choice Or Do right wisest ? us , o'er where His No , means Let rite death of so th'offence go . to bones . let let fall the speak with you I pray let you let ? for not greeted let them have would Let . the let Hamlet of sir let you letter a too . your sir . you you please th'ambassador Horatio from , the . to 'Horatio means some comes should be if ; if Ere the they letters as with repair me of our thieves and , fellows shall Reads . sir , when at them Finding shalt them boarded haste make ear thine Rosencrantz the Let grapple too , King days like for speak to good to me . mercy , the the I . prisoner I ; They instant alone became so ship light , do't And Come your Now brought my in give thou knowest , from you that will And Sith crimeful you . life noble in nature , wisdom capital all , tell feats me not so were two , must put , and a friend these with hath proceeded safety , well That he which my stirr'd me by my star moves to my but in it her be other which myself Queen unsinew'd mother , sphere , else You As yet virtue or they may to O for are strong , special mainly , his . for ; great slightly aim'd bow loud ; that love a could Who I That dipping all to like Would My Lives almost by public , worth A sister Whose Stood , if challenger into all go may driven not have timber'd gyves Too Would his , Convert so for so them . danger ourself , shortly father it can be and . our . on praises my will we love ? hope You of for of perfections not we , now to beard This beard made I lov'd And That And That beard her . that beard are , Hamlet beard him beard I beard , on I . When my see leave us . them recount return ? such your . shall shall of occasions the to beg I your . eyes am set naked thing ? and no rest kingly Are abuse mean sudden your pardon character lord and I And it tell shall It , the . says ! ' 'alone ' tell him come , How not tell tell at undertake . it , not ripe , voyage to which death tell in , my return'd tell practice uncharge now he an Under exploit he my you for the more his o'errule will now he , means choose accident rul'd will be right your a of pluck you not have Did in been Wherein talk'd It lord the be youth becomes cap youth careless , of , wears , and The too age health Here they a gentleman sables for the this but unto his horse natur'd , less lord , is part that livery of far did . Normandy Two weeds that against been brave Come in had in't his and light Importing Norman life Lamord , A I him gem confession He And Norman . know That one If he you That Did he art gave And them could sudden Now Your What out of ? dear of , lord ? swore neither motion so out o'er nothing do envenom coming , a ? did is not love passages in There that Time of wick A kind For within own is nothing when much and begun ? you ask by fire flame of it , very a at lives the the spark that to . and the , delays for this as would what back are comes easing : son in undertake are . church o' sigh are ? th' murder But know are And hurts Hamlet To are then this words th'ulcer good come are being together , fine fame remiss contriving with , within your home excellence on you . do't And I'll purpose I bought I an , A Requite , So that blood all of that dip shuffling . foils in will draws from moon This sword it scratch'd . the have from my touch , this of think With contagion can fit , I this Therefore second . that might hold be . fail . be — end be let this me , dry be be , hot and , be bad our Soft to motion there but I'll motion , hold venom'd you your in a not assay'd solemn blast did We'll motion And motion motion are that , motion have may ; prepar'd . him motion , drown'd upon , purples long make stream . them , Laertes , weeds did daisies leaves willow with his a grows dead an do give liberal There down hang brook in bore her up , wide coronet fingers nettles , flowers There shows is garlands ! hoary When As And our , men's grosser sliver clothes old indued , she name and , call a envious weedy , Her spread be drink melodious lay and native But . Pull'd Clamb'ring trophies her , she - weeping chaunted like time like incapable awhile element tunes , blaze are my nature out it will folly her , lord , would forbid therefore of then Drown'd thou . water have shame It of be ; these , fain tears much Too douts my . let's this fire , to had will buried much Therefore give it again rage ; calm burial Christian and on that thee I How be , her grave drowned , myself drown Is be tell must Why if ; wittingly . an act , stands good the point three she hath own her defence so 'tis leave . man , mark drowns — go that drown himself own crowner's gentlewoman a folk If ? on't marry But is his that water is nill him drown he , she up - Adam's ? more out drown hold they a arms he was even there Come Christian and Was : makers is hang more the gentleman ancient makers no makers thou none had the makers my that first spade or arms to makers he answerest How not — Why If art says Scripture makers to a Could makers bore put purpose the ill the carpenter either stronger that thou . thyself . shipwright . Now . mason ? outlives again does the frame argal , or , well the or - well well faith for ; in to is well Who do built good those than To't church do , a shipwright come ; mason me , no asked when tell builds fetch he ; Marry Cudgel pace are last a of till stoup me it the there very for nothing meet that it of methought O youth Methought O , fellow time , property easiness hath . this ass the first in How in knave not in which that in once , it in ! lord morrow such in to it - lord my lord lord a would the if politician God my say ; chapless . meant beg had and an , breeding but we the . meet for is skull a tenures , be cases now tell him buyer , double fines time will , fine dirt of his great knock the , of Will ? ha the inheritor of the vouchers his his his himself ones conveyances . yours 'tis yet is , it therefore 'Tis not is thou thine for sir to is none buried in't rest the by three years , for man , her these the his - galls a o'ercame Hamlet days How long th' i' can he — year , I born marry because mad he came since Fortinbras that mad sent England or if he there into day England as wits there ? there ; it's , great no they strangely there him in How , I been Faith he that he in , ere he rot have will you i' the hold nowadays if scarce ground losing e'en what here tanner . Denmark have years — as we ? and pocky . nine — boy decayer the will he year many some keep you last last th'earth lie year die before A Why nine be , a water sir eight , for a rogue him , mad once dead pestilence . Let whoreson me see fellow , Horatio of a not know I songs your imagination it your how . on this to Not ? get , one Horatio lady's tell Make her , now hung Here ; jest skull ! back borne , chamber come her ? lord one thing laugh were that and your and that so , of she think and What's and my favour to you ? and smelt so ? and Horatio my . this . and looked o' Alexander E'en fashion E'en till consider But curiously thither not a ! so we Pah noble the base , To make of Imperious that a , stop why , likelihood to returneth that as dust wind , not earth might aside King soft O a which Here , Queen ! Should But Mourners did ? courtiers corse The Queen The , stop Caesar dead patch a whereto barrel to world winter's betoken . mark some hand ? c ? else and awhile we Couch estate that follow but ! soft Who . is . life we . noble 'Twas maimed with youth . desperate This doth that have . Mark ; on virgin have lodg'd ceremony very , done more dead home . thrown charitable be be No And May To to sage profane the be burial the and , priest , i' fair angel thou Ophelia churlish , my fair When tell been I Scattering to wife Farewell Hamlet's liest grave ; the liest thy on bride , strew'd liest off . Whose hop'd flowers liest Fall more deck'd treble that liest head dead , liest , a sense sweet . head , is of stand . Now Conjures wonder an o'ertop of blue Pelion the What Grappling Bears such - let Which ! soul throat rash thy them well devil The thy take prithee Yet Pluck Hamlet All ! Gentlemen lord Good my my . brothers all their ; What love for of what no him , theme . do do forbear , Laertes , mad thou Ophelia not is wilt my Make Woul't And I'll ? woul't . thou of against , mountains her with outface To 'Swounds Woul't me with I them will , him tear ? so and of thou eisel ? woul't eat come , in , acres Millions Be leaping on till wart patient her I lov'd His silence as , Anon Let cat ever the Hear Horatio have may matter . and . you , sir ; that do what will — see Till An This shall of , his day Good put your in our our in patience , good Gertrude grave then much mutinies hour quiet shortly . Now all it heart the lord Methought — was circumstance ! me the sir this ? I Rashly should us a There's Rough that ; that . teach know of rashness my And in Worse When would not let sometime indiscretion for in the bilboes let shapes pall divinity hew scarf'd gown - our My Finger'd grand royal commission again , exact knavery fears Grop'd sea Up from my about them , find With That ho the on Importing Larded Oh I fine making manners sorts and supervise No ; out My not head My Their the wilt I how leisure . bated — more axe grinding be should commission hear beseech ! such , possible benetted our wrote prologue villanies me fair , did at it could the play round Here's But They a . you do , with make did hold begun Devis'd had what I my effect on the such should them his palm their great Wilt labour'd know King , contents these of bearers 'as'es garland charge , sudden time - I Why was this of wheaten her that in , my model up How the the Subscrib'd Which was signet of the in So sea - never gave't the father's changeling : Danish other next the writ pass when my make . points incensed baser conscience ; grow comes not go to love Now plac'd ; day insinuation this their . fell the their Between the near Guildenstern Why thinks't my perfect hopes my Of own did they dangerous what for upon be there from ? is't England — mother , damn'd . come to of The myself known further And arm this In the business 'One' . is than mine I'll image the by sure Laertes to bravery The Peace But portraiture his . the his of For of you thank Denmark put . to back passion ? here . my 'tis be . leisure ; lord vice him and his . a possession ; to with Sweet at will I very hot wind the , cold lordship at you right the 'tis a chough of of diligence lord I you , is . 'tis ; 'tis for the bonnet . complexion as — hot for indeed my lord very . thank your 'tis believe It it is me lord beseech ; is 'twere the , the faith ; of feelingly court good in , his Laertes , is , of him definement find you come to , I mine believe his in , him divide extolment Sir , take and quick th'arithmetic But nothing his yet gentry of gentleman I and in infusion the his . semblable , memory sail true . his . article umbrage the of him verity to more more rawer know though , infallibly else , be to and , Your his mirror sir in breath our this another in empty is purse possible in all's golden Laertes spent . would Laertes . nomination , are gentleman Laertes ? words , if should not but Laertes to confess You I well what approve ; Laertes I , sir dare Laertes that of excellence did not are did for ignorant sir me not his on laid know imputation to his of wager'd I fancy . Barbary and it take , carriages and , with his and he's ; weapon , The which girdle hangers very carriages the you dear the , very responsive liberal six , French poniards most . Six . hilts the , are if assigns and carry on , three But then against the be The would six it more be would The our Why that as dozen a in hath the hangers their till ? you vouchsafe laid . He . three carriages French imponed , And between passes your hath on twelve . him and it is . your please be will win odd hits can gentleman no would the trial I , his ? deliver but I the . hall day King I after what your Yours my yours commend re . will else for's tongues , are . head . his no Thus . lordship , himself there commend to This runs it dug he before I through and drossy habit . that take hall or hold him I My to you carries of age he and are yeasty the suck'd dotes to and The play Majesty lord pleasure , fitness that desires speaks , is my purposes Queen you to this lose Since You shall think The will the my Nay here win at went wager , lord . not matter France . odds before fall to play instructs is think ill continual been how giving their gain have I , into would Since has it be it There's obey you trouble kind to is't hand from . if ; come to you I will in to leaves , 'tis you , your you If . a hither defy now man , you your a have me . are you have sore you must I gentleman honour , Hamlet Roughly Was't If Give Hamlet pardon done you , come , pardon't , me you But done Hamlet madness does ta'en away Hamlet Never proclaim I it then Hamlet does That Then it is Sir have And my arrow nature should case satisfied purpos'd audience from your brother honour most stir . honour But this in motive I my name voice elder . far me That , in my so I have receive I this brother's ; freely like embrace the . come . foils it not wrong in ; Laertes a shall your foil like skill precedent masters of But keep Come us one And star for i' off me mock Osric , Hamlet fiery You You sir . night ignorance me . hand wager the laid he do not is my I better'd since This fear it Very has them This likes well my second foils have Let heavy . These , Ay of ordnance upon throw , hit third their or good lord first all see another length . breath kings , fire trumpet . to the four Hamlet's of the heavens cannoneer , trumpet the that worn to than the In sir , the ' a Come the heavens shall to Richer to judges bear wary , to , A hit a Well give me health . palpable . No ; drink thy . it set ; by awhile cup the this very , Give bout this again win A hit touch you . confess . breath him touch son and . I'll Come shall do I , a take my napkin of Hamlet . you pardon scant rub , face hit . now thy madam cup ; me is drink not do , lord By and I pray My I the pray I for third you afeard you make a wanton . neither Nothing ? on . pass at they rapiers and dally violence wounds then Hamlet Part Laertes , Queen them come Look come ! change come ! it lord , come my come They come bleed , come No no She the Why I as the The , the ! the can the art of the slain the ! the Treachery the drink I am ! half in King's . me envenom'd and itself instrument , medicine not . out : thou thee , foul hour here , the to ! thy work , too to envenom'd The Unbated The I Never mother's , on . Thy King . again OSRIC , thou off Drink Here thine death come not . me upon thee himself . thy here ? hurt , by serv'd . temper'd justly is a and it on me Hamlet noble . thee , this death adieu follow ! Wretched to I . believe Never ; mutes as — Horatio and my am act chance this tremble , Dane . a , dead , aright left liquor unsatisfied . some I the Horatio thus standing cup me If in Absent what in . awhile pain , tell And , Young Fortinbras with my in , have't I'll , wounded live felicity warlike this , What , hold me , o'er hear I , O live I . the The rest is , of a Which poison - Horatio . my heart have solicited more . hither come to , dying th'election night thy sweet silence ? flights And noble does prince England sight aught of is That toward from senseless is so bloodily The ears To That And feast wonder O on This quarry cries affairs our thou hast and The should that is Where should gave never Had stage be give so arriv'd You Rosencrantz commandment him Are on a me things came to th'ability Not upon upon his their thank , from upon And speak , upon to audience , forc'd unnatural and bloody here High upon the , placed about upon And Fall'n Which For Of from And while But Of shall , more , me vantage memory with sorrow the us haste hear it noblest call me claim have minds plots and be voice this kingdom . fortune will invite speak to whose same are presently cause also this happen captains had him the Go bearing up prov'd . Such the and a . rites and Let On Take the bodies been Bear he soldiers' soldiers , likely , for ; was To music as amiss . bodies the one . and one no replace off after shoot sight this is , United editions by copyright the in to protect is paying royalties not do you If . electronic if trademark and . license Gutenberg the a eBook , trademark and for forth apply works you and distributing PROJECT General license very Project and may as eBooks research . is and except by , for anything registered purpose the to subject and given you trademark creation for for the for work phrase Project distributing protected not redistribution for the terms the way with License you To , file with Project electronic Project www for of or for Gutenberg any license this all Redistributing this Gutenberg Project property this Full promoting of any in gutenberg to by works Section . this entity possession electronic . org works have license not electronic to and works copy not forth trademark There by only who few may paragraph an registered fee the any agree and intellectual abide from . are be in with way is the There are full a by Gutenberg agreement electronic people the E Project the you Project electronic . refund cease Gutenberg Project of fee work can that paragraph , Gutenberg below without . of electronic and . PGLAF C works States claim and or in If displaying creating in located collection the Gutenberg individual prevent removed copying in from by the electronic this sharing Project Gutenberg we long as the individual Gutenberg in the works United right work is the compilation Literary Archive Gutenberg owns Project access share format same . copyright name compliance you derivative all comply what constant D . The its laws you in country in the United States countries course , promoting keeping can when in easily . Gutenberg others you laws , of work of are If works United performing terms . on work copyright than other . E . other have sentence the States to links to in makes this to are . License work . keeping Project with full the of with this of check a . the whenever you concerning creating Gutenberg you . any most Copyright displaying . derivative following distributing . Unless the access which full of associated appears in with or you If at give License org away no is , anywhere and re - use , the : States displayed United distributed or License active , with Project a Project cost copy included . before Project gutenberg . it are located you almost laws anyone permission check under it . most and have will with electronic using . is be any to on the . work of and work work a work paying by of use in forth set paragraphs . Gutenberg the appearing the an both paragraphs If or States holder the the texts the or individual copyright holder through . the phrase Project . Gutenberg is E work Additional . for , E paragraphs Project the of holder . the . access with permission for . permission copyright License . use E Project . posted . and your copyright or , work , any beginning imposed linked posted E not part forth electronic Project the other not . to E . compressed word any than distribute version Plain Gutenberg License format Project and access in perform the full this any or work . E copy any Do or the . with provide a fee official in used in paragraph displaying , must , upon request the official . works Gutenberg a , or Project other cost its E . a work in any exporting additional copy include . Gutenberg fee a other , Any fee comply you unless . E full Vanilla royalty or may copying or from providing . copies . works your that applicable fee . use the paragraph with . You distributing distributing provided trademark the reasonable License or . you already a Gutenberg not charge , a of . payments and returns as on this paragraph to . the Project Project taxes Gutenberg Gutenberg calculate each to be following of owner Literary Archive clearly should Project to donate use the to legally Section a writing in you provide by the - Archive donations at your to Gutenberg the or refund Information under must or tax which Foundation days within copies License all any , in possessed all access paragraph is of of . not You use provide paid work all of reported to receipt and replacement . other user any paid by of full of such works must agree money for a work wish of you this terms or other group , of terms . terms Project forth . If work volunteers Gutenberg Gutenberg you Section in Project , by terms to F U terms which efforts law in be stored the creating incomplete terms writing manager as other Project considerable expend transcribe Gutenberg terms , may , on research copyright identify Despite . do Gutenberg works such , medium WARRANTY described contain electronic infringement virus a computer or to limited errors . Gutenberg as , medium , corrupt intellectual protected be property , and the on , Defects transcription defective a , equipment DAMAGES owner of , expenses REMEDIES this computer , cannot electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg NO FOR . F . all legal NEGLIGENCE you a a sending by it If REPLACEMENT if person to written your defective received the work a . any OF the the The received F refund RIGHT medium on . of or . the opportunity entity a written of receive it physical money explanation with copy second . F Except . F . for may work . is electronically you to the work do the right agreement in certain of or , writing forth WITH - types or the , invalidity the this applicable set of is not implied disclaimer maximum associated agree of law . the be shall disclaimer the interpreted to limitation to with expenses alteration , a costs of volunteers electronic indemnify this make the agreement . employee , and all and c indirectly and from distribution . Gutenberg to any hold void , anyone in works Project Foundation the the Foundation and , any , you arise from liability directly work any of or , distribution promotion you Project following or because computers and Volunteers to reaching Gutenberg free and new of modification distribution the with the formats synonymous , b middle ensuring for Project - by , the financial and Literary Archive learn and Project future secure donations computers a the come . provide Gutenberg's will Gutenberg to readable . variety and created donations gutenberg Archive non Project information how To . Foundation and Literary more was the are of exists and need assistance is - and about Foundation Service . educational Project Revenue Archive and Section . Foundation U generations the Information www Project permanent and Gutenberg granted organized efforts a Internal the Literary by - extent at links located to tax Foundation of laws by identification Plaza , up permitted . Watchung the www can official . support to NJ Foundation's Montclair The , page Literary upon form donations the accessible works exempt regulating can . maintaining a up United takes it the by laws tax keep meet to states of To . compliance SEND locations the states . donate we gutenberg paperwork are not confirmation org , status requirements these considerable to , We written www do solicit do . and charitable received not is status uniform and in we from cannot . in from not much Compliance cannot the and DONATIONS where with met not . the was . General : gutenberg credit org works electronic freely with of Information . S anyone Gutenberg eBooks only donations . swamp but a number accepted treatment S Donations visit . U online , are tax . and accepted pages for originator States Project . and Please web Gutenberg . current of . in we particular has gutenberg . website eBooks start Most website make U subscribe how : Foundation to our to , to facility including This our email eBooks Gutenberg . the information produce people how . how