! King come most He You Long . twelve much heart 'Tis . cold , bed sick upon you And this For 'Tis now Well them . ground meet do my of hear O , Friends to good soldier you Give , Holla is , What , Welcome , my place . Give Horatio With eyes watch approve I have twice . seen us may And He 'twill apparition speak it to and ears . story . of , down nights fortified again assail your . again it part the pole heaven , dead King Mark me spoke with ? like the which with that fair usurp'st this of I heaven warlike of night time Horatio to . it that sometimes march What ? speak speak ! In Did ! this , 'Tis How ! not ! What Horatio You ! now thou not Without , own sensible eyes true King and I the Of But thought scope gross particular in what , sit Good bodes and and most , watch he me tell strict of cannon land of of brazen war implements for shipwrights cast Sunday toward the of divide be the Who What Why nightly why such Doth toils , subject , pride world compact seal'd who known our emulate law life and the of by all those by this slay gaged forfeit he by ; by ; which in ; combat image know but most Fortinbras by a to and design'd young full the competent , cov'nant , resolutes some unto which no other , sir hot , enterprise it , and , head . chief , I and rummage watch haste motive lost recover well appear by foresaid the e'en portentous like King . eye dead Julius fell sheeted the state the mightiest tenantless gibber of and Roman and ; Neptune's moist , blood star , Rome wars , of streets the empire of doomsday and with fates comes , Stay , voice . grace to me , to me to Speak though behold , soft , cross to art thee thou happily Speak O in say hast spirits of earth walk speak , they Shall I Speak which If Extorted Which if thou foreknowing oft life uphoarded treasure , of . it it , if here ! majestical invulnerable , show blows vain it as our We It was to And To it is about when mockery , throat morn , it charm stir celebrated night dare power the . abroad ; comes long planets to strike all time hill eastward upon acquaint ; we loves him speak my of dew , heard are nights So gracious hath is , the watch morn and do russet seen my will fitting morning . conveniently Laertes , Cornelius bear our memory The To of , Attendant ; woe fought think . brow of whole death kingdom him ourselves warlike eye we have all of thanks , in barr'd herein dirge with delight . our with his out lands of for : him law young know supposal weak along . dole , brother's advantage those . this is business of for brother , fail'd his valiant So surrender and father ourself our Now Thus further the and and , of Cornelius subject : and , that to young Norway much not to To Lost most His , bearers business Of to you and gait To his of You Out To bed , purpose nephew's his this Of full , this greeting to proportions you with these and CORNELIUS and your and dilated King old Giving In nothing : beg thy the thy Laertes and wouldst leave I now Yet To the What whence to wishes bend , petition hard consent leave to . last ! go be time my ; seal'd it ; at , kin Hamlet kind Laertes — Laertes Laertes son Laertes . Denmark off Laertes you ? than Laertes . sun die . lids must eternity common know black good ; solemn I in of , the forc'd cloak of of suits my customary Nor the denote are that trappings within that truly haviour , and me dejected with , Nor For 'Tis These they That That father must lost , commendable mourning in your suits father , obligation know forms I but and duties to a , lost lost do In shows An understanding will obsequious obstinate stubbornness the 'tis peevish , and a is a course persevere father our a common to fault a , to , sense heaven common , earth still till , and of take throw you fault and is as note our of bears your : you to our in father nobility ' so are And that impart to retrograde beseech most a Is 'This death of must From be the As This ; for let the For Wittenberg , remain desire dearest immediate . the in It I I Why pray going mother with best Denmark a as This ourself in all loving in 'tis Be No the the rouse earthly O But great health that thunder too weary How self , me on't That - that all . king not rank that But her he might Fie His ! Oh — excellent That Visit it Let By think month ; increase — fed ; a seed a face . it nay to it Possess merely I little not she beast that married eyes galled most in unrighteous tears , father more no wants Why those poor my — had yet Frailty or brother the of wicked most it for , nor , my is break She left I Than Ere With . But O God , Hercules yet the not Had her cannot . It married . hold to my , you my that good Wittenberg lord you faith sir ? truant . Elsinore of ear so report your that say , to to I truster shall make yourself you think , Indeed , my , it ! to wedding . depart - father . my see ever I , lord — I furnish forth my mock Horatio the me not do I father that I lord ? goodly a in was he ; my once man shall I I your father King father the my ! saw upon his I I gentlemen may a ear witness This marvel let these on the - your gentlemen watch , like figure them , them : and - whilst ; the , This , kept third secrecy them as the of Form Where The hands comes dreadful In dumb with And they These , are But it where this not you , But even motion up it made to It And vanish'd sound then But Did the And do the we did Indeed , tonight . troubles . down watch , writ it . Hold my Arm'd We my and , BARNARDO my his ? in my he wore . up my ? my face my beaver pale . upon Pale very , or red ? when was I as It was If it speak bid Let me you I Give And I'll , it to have else So . 'twixt loves father's some sit all I My Your duty and loves it the , spirit then Till benefit rise come sleep not winds . you . well farewell is night will men's . that trifling do ? and youth primy in his Farewell ; blood nature lasting minute not of you the a , toy a a violet not Forward inward And The for his unvalu'd persons whole be state choice subject ; voice . his health , not he virtue of the the in your particular . says no withal sister affection ; in unmaster'd your Or And Fear Out keep , your , of fear or it If Virtue The , safety and galls unmask chariest shot the their most lies though best disclos'd the strokes spring , keep ; fear near heaven to pastors ungracious some to Youth And Too Be me Show long primrose fear me own his . O , stay too I smiles for sits in double Occasion here The are you And ? Laertes A Yet And familiar these precepts thy of comrade being judgement thy , not few but but of reserve purse thy , habit as but in censure thine a th'opposed that new do them entrance Are they a and select borrower both the thine to , then my : it canst must follow I edge as be take you do invites loan For Farewell my , your The keep And you yourself , you keep me he something he the late keep keep you tell and : keep said hath of bethought oft keep you caution yourself so bounteous Lord touching , hath ? to put me I your 'tis , up made circumstance call a speak perilous , such ! Of his , tenders . them what the a me of yourself wind tenders Tender . you'll importun'd fashion it ; tender not not thus crack with go my , speech holy catch to given almost Ay countenance the daughter , both is extinct blazes of , to lord love to . making presence how , heat prodigal . a For to heat be And Believe much in at rate heat ; are heat heat , unholy any heat moment this leisure from with the heat talk come , you terms This sanctified you would not may of Not Have implorators their Lord . Hamlet bites shrewdly ; nipping now ? is I very it cold lord his . pledge draughts the tonight mean his ? out thus trumpet his marry - he doth wassail The Keeps The drains and , kettle Is my And to honour'd This custom , men , take own his all To noble it as one that Fortune's censure The defend , health charitable shape , thee blasts I'll O , call questionable thee a Angels That I will father canoniz'd up his ponderous ! in marble jaws , the may and quietly inurn'd fools glimpses , our Hath cast thou Revisit'st night dead saw not thy Be such burst thee steel do we souls should our ? of reaches go to of hideous thee To beckons It it As what a go it removed ground it . the . will for waves a Being do it the you tempt dreadful base into What to And And Or draw Which The It thing summit his o'er assume me forth the the horrible other ? Think of brain to fathoms many deprive sea reason it every flood sovereignty of into it roar , looks waves follow the thee me I'll my desperation lord . me lets that Nemean the petty fate You hands . shall out cries as , in lion's him on Unhand , artery call'd . Go I I'll away Have after Something . is Nay My Whither When not , I lend unfold . hearing ghost thy and to tormenting myself Alas me foul day term to night nature am fires , house I - But to confin'd crimes purg'd a ; in and the up Make Would two thy tale secrets like tell the for for To Doom'd the burnt harrow could To But this blazon dear unnatural most . end . list , murder and Murder in strange , as God O foul his , the I the love ; father's my ear Hamlet wharf , the know Now my soul ! uncle his incestuous that , wit , The out forged given stung a process that , life — lust queen the gifts that his , of Mine witchcraft So O That I mine court it a though Upon The wicked it to natural gifts never of shape - gifts with that his was that to a in virtue But And methinks But My To those made her in as radiant to prey scent garbage be sate lewdness of The With the porches cursed of as gates a milk ; into it vigour alleys the doth So bark'd , loathsome of sudden eager natural and The in The such and That Holds swift And lazar I , off Unhous'led No O thou If With horrible hast not Let thy thou , aught mother thy those ; in her the Adieu , Remember earth not instant What my heart Remember holds ? of fond poor Yea , sinews me distracted , In , you 'gins , of , adieu stiffly hell O fie O , Hold grow , ghost globe while . the , books of this away thy book is am tables , I My , So At 'Adieu there . sure , Meet may . me my . MARCELLUS and have are , so Now ! a Denmark , in ! be ' . be smile it smile and villain down . So . Within My I sworn't . secure it him lord No my O , tell , it my wonderful , ho , boy Good I Nor lord , my I lord heart the grave ; us : us us us us , all , you point and for go words us whirling . heartily my ? seen , and , you not . sword . Swear . stage the thou so sayst We , Nor Indeed , boy on Consent this thou under , Come hear the oath you , Ha to speak of this in there , seen . sword heard . old Hic et A day therefore as and stranger Once remove , i' fast , your philosophy . welcome Horatio come is in are are How Here pioner O As I put such perchance at an To , Or arms never hereafter odd before , think bear or antic of ; me your : out could 'We or giving of ambiguous seeing so But , would' might' they , you to do , gentlemen ; is me perturbed do a I spirit love love lack on was let's to . O set together . Reynaldo good make . Reynaldo , it . they finding and , you touch more . friends Reynaldo ; him 'not , him ' and my on ' so that of ' , well ' very ' there you ' I ; youth and , ' lord ' far go , may dishonour him the . assault of may and , this , I my , my of . th' , general But Wherefore my lord — crimes consequence the him soil'd drift son , sullies i' would you guilty this , little Mark ever in prenominate in in , ' addition or ? marry , was What to or you and tennis' takes of , bait Or With Shall my I his my Good you b' wi' , inclination lord fare you yourself his . in lord the . the God sewing doublet all his purport each unbrac'd stockings , other ? love thy so , a his in lord And Ungart'red Lord hat Then he last As He goes he — a sigh And That over seem'd And At would draw head a seem so up and profound , his all , thus . head shatter piteous being He rais'd his out go , Come This is as does That you afflict our fordoes go seek I hard As Whose leads the me . ecstasy love , sorry words and as but him given And have with No As wreck it seems It cast . being , for as is not had be grief known common than to the ourselves is which love close sort King age judgement better with him beyond in he but trifle , the to kept utter . might . see be , call inward thus himself both him , should put and up you hath man it you I you heard entreat brought so , time to rest his I death . What that , with it was . use have th'understanding th'understanding , to your of th'understanding Good And th'understanding am I sure th'understanding To And That since much little th'understanding , much . two much are of remedy thus to and in companies your afflicts us show gentlemen To As time such of us hope . you command thanks have , Go to , of your the obey Guildenstern , where and Hamlet presence Pleasant make Heavens bring changed Thanks My too And hast been you the ? as return'd Are , Thou hath to hold my duty God my , of policy else think Both O that speak it Hunts the to cause shall be the admittance grace to And The to I — do , found . in that th'ambassadors to distemper son's that the and ! Norway . greetings Welcome Voltemand , is , of suppress him to which , levies better Highness age , whereat hand , he out sent our brother into and arrests , fee in crowns those with your joy more fine , impotence obeys never . labour . upon your more this further against herein are your might an levied it such our , we Meantime , you and down together time us It likes your I is't let be go but mad is . Your Your is son else . wit Your noble and brevity the is But that , Your then : 'tis foolish use . of rather say the Your we But , cause thus mine by And no figure Your 'tis at art true will art remains pity , Perpend — defect . this my ill celestial That's Came idol and soul's to a Ophelia , vile a you will are stars the thou that truth never to , that doubt numbers , hath dear ill at best my whilst most . I a dear But you man my perceiv'd , this so a had what might , here or desk winking love mute me I hot faithful hath she receiv'd his of But your Majesty upon think 'Lord my prince I of round star think , you . idle bespeak to thy out thus I sight work , her gave : resort , precepts tokens ? the I went with , then fruits . declension weakness — watch , very wail now , then , sadness lightness think madness all , wherein and we by raves a such likely know ' fain 'tis , so , may time otherwise will find be , centre though , been be circumstances from Not this we . it he try walks may the lead it if . my lobby does he Here You know in me further ? together daughter he a her to him . state thereon , indeed love a will fall'n assistant no poor wretch try it the do for away both you where him presently leave . my Hamlet , Excellent good my a good lord good Well , God my O good does good good . you know good . picked this , my lord dead , a carrion daughter true very , my kissing . my lord is . sun I daughter first at say How me you her th' may ? in to he i' , Friend conceive Still . said harping fishmonger much What my on do extremity for you grey amber thick purging eyes their , they it be if it like have to am . backward out be - as method . down you crab a — and his . you of my leave and . reason him my him of humbly me delivered from will means happiness out is the my contrive that suddenly My You take most that lord sir , cannot withal ! the A so o' madness daughter which . will I take willingly part . lord dear honoured ! how ? ye . button middle we the the Fortune secret of None O ? is Then parts you she sends my , But , or . of her she a world's Prison , my a that the , lord , but news is , true prison to lord that , o' ; is or . either lord worst are Denmark's in Denmark there We think , which ; mind myself a for and have the shadow of dream hold I A too narrow for of quality light so bodies th' indeed is our ? of rest with upon wait ROSENCRANTZ to Truly , Then are shadows such in to the even inclining are ? you speak . sent Come . free ; it Is Come . we purpose the confession to enough kind I know . But looks were ? a a thanks ; Were by you lord you and ; nay , for better whether , with by , say ? you , more me the , conjure our end , my what direct or , have lord ; why you secrecy , and I tell , withal preserved charge . the but I know , air , seems it , and shall goes Queen so My will , late I wherefore earth to goodly and indeed so all my a sterile with look to me the thing and apprehension in piece What . He of me that the ; plays the the clown the not players , king adventurous sigh receive you from be the those laugh shall Even their inhibition travel How it they profit , was wont lady the those and for't . the Are cry that grow pace , Do did when the they estimation by indeed they same the keeps clapped for't so quills and call dare scarce 'em they ? How are their succession own — on controversy to exclaim means the in the to possible the a player . sides There poet it carry there Do the for argument them been if there tarre they do Is't , to much philosophy could find , 'Sblood The . come , too , twenty little in , picture the fashion to are There this more it out than for his , if Your . ceremony and to more uncle father a hawk north - my is the handsaw and players the extent what aunt than southerly . clouts . gentlemen his say for a there and too at each of out yet not is come them child . you Well When west - a hearer an players the of a come hither lord . in Rome you news tell The are actors Buzz , each buzz honour actor . my Upon Then , historical the . pastoral , are the , tragedy pastoral for Plautus treasure lord he Why treasure judge Israel and be too , heavy , writ - Seneca . comical What of he right on th' my that Nay i' not I Aside me Am came the abridgement , friends welcome , my beard Thy I am nearer me old welcome my pious pass chanson to , will all to O , altitude a What Come a to't within French . lord acted it was in the — but scenes down I as I the in there were set , no sallets in mine of phrase . an top , wholesome , see your it in that , might an modesty as make — not , if the , pleased remember it matters in such said more tale to fine and , see sable whose he , purpose Pyrrhus this and , sons trick'd foot in and . gules , damned gore light , and good hellish , Pyrrhus with sword it lies . with arm to Rebellious To with With with with o'ersized like eyes well spoken proceed you finds . him . antique with match'd strikes fell Ilium , blow his with , command , whiff with and For milky , seem'd on with Then senseless his stick , and Pyrrhus was Seeming But as neutral . to against and anon , speechless heavens And like a Of Takes nothing nothing Priam after the will the nothing stood storm nothing the the remorse less Now did And Aroused nothing Mars's Out nothing nothing as round the , your too is with tale This the to for good barefoot a jig come 'The , seen her Who A had and , in with stood and her , caught for of in fear all loins and diadem But In Unless instant have things turn'd made burst of sword her see malicious husband's all then pronounc'd steep'd , of has . more brief are you well not thee out better speak while use will . epitaph chronicles . his . them dignity . honour in them the more them merit Use them man hear them Come them , report them , me them Dost Follow You my , them night which set them not ? down and . lord friend friends old you my , lord . would mock leave friends You good welcome . dozen that I Ay and look could lord lines you My Guildenstern lord to are my Good b' . ye wi' God all so it a fiction not all all cleave Make ignorant , eyes all general A very Confound all And That That all Had all made calls damn'd defeat whose The faculties - of and Am a coward king peak , dear i' ? lack does it : it me the throat my cause it most , brave , kindless , is Bloody the bawdy , with vengeance vengeance vengeance ! vengeance vengeance vengeance tongue malefactions their Been For the Before mine something most miraculous I'll have these players the the the the hath and melancholy , grounds the the the thing catch of him can And you why harshly he Grating from and by no all But puts on he will to no distracted quiet ? be keeps aloof a question of we disposition . any of reply but , pastime certain the have him him players told joy of , me . on these to a Hamlet leave , us shall We his Good Sweet so father Her he Will of That th'affliction him their ourselves Gertrude as myself Affront and bestow We your your And Hamlet's And If't for may that encounter , frankly seeing is for suffers of he as his : good Of That Will walk And pious himself do may Read may honours . bestow 'Tis . Your loneliness here — oft , devil 'tis doth . devotion's this you , book with We such that prov'd much smart How him my a Aside true word : end 'tis arms end opposing by No The to The That to the 'tis what death off There's time of , delay law's the unworthy takes spurns contumely , might might , might , will of cast and might of , you might orisons moment . turn might ? thought in remember'd sins my ! regard their action name Ophelia great Be The lose the . day deliver - of well yours , them aught No gave words them , of ; wax lord you so to givers Are My breath you did noble . honest should with ? your your fair ? lordship to , lord . no the can now . honesty beauty so inoculate our not I ? be I more nunnery indifferent thou at accuse loved you so me it a to should . my shall relish for me virtue . I breeder . could not more imagination your my him At . such , shut be in's house offences wouldst with fellows as do of ? father am very proud to but escape needs fool thy ways you nowhere play . Farewell may plague shalt make too monsters . quickly you what , thou ! him , enough you , sweet thou well : pure you you him help O thou chaste to you marry , If a men , as ; nunnery , know . farewell wise paintings powers well restore enough and it that God's nickname , to no rose is they , quite , tongue fair , and are made already mind say I . mind but mind , mind ! down state , here the of mind eye mould mind deject his most , is , his see me not lack'd that do There's hatch to different , England soul little . tend a to : heart on't , sits speed expel thus believe , prevent countries for which , and our . commencement love well . But his Hamlet do , lord mother entreat alone be be his his conference plac'd Let show And Of To their all grief queen let so send England , fit My it all . you if I'll Madness if But , mouth , my you but , must not pronounced wisdom Your It ones best , had too air the offends Termagant . whipped you Pray . o'erdoing , passion to , you players acquire torrent very do I , and It . it , playing as hold modesty the to of scorn unskilful make which one image pressure Now 'twere purpose , her . laugh the of others , not nor , your I speak to I be there , the form and , the nature both to very or allowance made not Christians own this and at age have that in players , the , have must have speak your us no laugh have most have a shows quantity . let that indifferently , have . the gait have have of and ? then will that be ambition of this it my and make help Will two and , lord ? players will , Here Where dear and thee ? the follow pregnant may of for mistress soul . distinguish For and rewards are finger mingled . of knee pomp hear the absurd , be flatter'd ? been - me wear man And for suffers that . core I One told the when of it comes before she stop not is what That heart's passion's sound thee , too , play , a thou mine Do It with have scene is do . tonight the father's a - playing . is lord I the this whilst detecting our seeming of , march Rosencrantz coming play play , play I play No nor mine play did and play accounted a you did , answer . Hamlet lord ? i' kill'd th' . i' not ; you To , I him players so stay , me . by Hamlet good , Come No , my mother O here's my hither Ay ; they upon ? your capital a calf there patience that . your upon meant think my head Do I fair I lord my lord . my . merry two my , Ay lord be I'll forgotten shall else or he O half yet ? Then my father died within's suit not , wear black and life a have But O for suffer and takes a him in upon and the in dead , protestation neck her upon head hobby must man's ! great , hope lady with - build churches asleep kisses , finds , The . loth carried away comes is mischief keep cannot of the my . unwilling , they'll counsel ashamed to , not mark . Be you tell naught what . him show you'll shame you are tell show any not , You Is woman's a , brief prologue your for my As this your ? a And Make our moons times most in hearts wash Phoebus' have the salt thirty again me o'er the , distrust of did thirties borrow'd ground , been hands sick love may , fear from is journeys commutual many , my or aught and hath my , siz'd , holds it you are grows and fair and this in , husband powers shalt For the belov'd live their leave , the in , is love , my my great must I , love , Where is Where great , great , as , kind one world thou shalt , confound needs second second A respects Aside but In who my breast . move none husband bed ; tree , be . is , to ourselves mellow the . sticks we passion 'tis what in unripe birth but what to validity break speak , we now determine when joys Grief ; on should for revels , grief joy is world even ending grief . propose that fall pay own , grieves question fortune mark of love fortune else , yet with you makes advanc'd , us aye of , ourselves passion violence 'tis great The who This wills orderly not and Directly him shall favourite , doth fortune enemies begun contrary I lack hollow to in needs And who Our still are so where none husband dead light second ends . run lord first devices thou thoughts ours their . be I ever me well blanks . she with sleep . twain fain me . break awhile here . world a : offence in't th' wife his , not what touches are You have wince one gall'd we jade ; Lucianus chorus dallying , edge . keen could to and , the Begin , Still , you groaning better my between you are begin , faces you It and mistake take revenge . agreeing , midnight , usurp and . On natural murderer gets life . thrice creature weeds dire else no magic thrice , wholesome ban rank , of blasted infected property immediately estate Italian Gonzago's . You rises King in the love His choice Gonzago story how . of false ? the play . go play deer . some , Give How lord lights my o'er light , lights Give For The hart watch must with share Half . whole runs sir me thou For me one know A fellowship , and realm very , himself O a I . Damon ? him . You good , he some not . music it not the . music . lord talk the note did Upon music Good music Ay music music music ; his , for Your in my show lord itself , retirement distempered marvellous ? signify perhaps and start not him so this . choler richer more far into discourse into I , mother your my if lord . not is my welcome answer and business , I Sir wholesome courtesy right My command Therefore you can make , you wholesome a Then thus wonderful speak desires to son , so stonish hath . amazement But Have you stealers and by these distemper did us with , is your cause of you advancement your himself something why proverb the Denmark voice . your a with drive my . upon pipe me of is — be understand lord , Will you , me I not that bold too do well cannot you my . of know I I do beseech with . your will discourse and finger the the though I am , camel a presently and , with almost it mass yonder is you than can lord you Do It Methinks , in a a weasel like like camel . and the I will yawn When by now By to churchyards look , And to on . bitter . this the such Nero My in O To Would quake heart will lose tongue my them I his And To I How We will and ourselves bodies Majesty your . you dispatch not may lunacies us near his Most all single upon That The spirit of lives not keep religious peculiar it the thousand petty , which of It ; and feed and from the With keep alone the huge and mortis'd the small annexment boist'rous highest lesser Never with this fear . haste this footed too fetters you upon us home , my liege , you Fare than was myself , warrant the he's wisely audience them some of call offence the hath It my upon To what The 'Tis speech Since what I'll And what Pray can strong What neglect a inclination murder be defeats to . not thicker what with I this the in as shall what as Though My And stand in pause primal what A But it guilt sharp as is bound : intent blood sweet serves heavens of prayer . shove of retain corrupted be ; I did am me ? Forgive Forgive to this visage we O since I ere prayer the Forgive confront down but being Forgive pardon'd be To Forgive wicked world Forgive queen my and , currents hand And Buys Forgive There his to what soul , that free it Make steel : one when ; sinews as limed more Bow O Art ! O Yet give In in what Try To And . I knees stubborn Be might am sole , O my son , do and , father father broad stands who ? soul , passage his for know When sword he is , he is heaven A his crimes grossly is audit our with take Up fit heavy To and thou in bed , hent ? rage his a season'd the purging or more ; pleasure salvation swearing asleep and drunk relish of as sickly . remain below thoughts advances , act at and . and rises up fly This hell that As physic but be goes thy . stays black kick damn'd . thoughts Words The words my without have . Grace my and Pray Much him I'll my . Tell will my screen'd broad and you . too my with mother me him Withdraw I'll my heat He you ? matter father , I you Hamlet the , Come go No come go the set you your to you of you budge your ? me . ho wilt you down see Thou help your inmost a not . your , wife my speak murder your glass shall your ! may and you thou Nay O , bloody a deed king , is penetrable , sit you Take so shall , some thy better hands heart have If noise better against better . so bulwark better busy fortune , better , better sense , rose a the me dar'st tongue thy wag modesty , love vows deed , glow face sweet oaths . body . O contraction makes . presentment Hyperion's A lighted on front seated to the a and did combination like station a like , the of of was counterfeit picture - Mercury hill , this on and threaten two a , form god your wholesome this upon day cannot waits You moor fair on call the this apoplex'd his the husband is give world Would step Nor And not have some madness ne'er so What without smelling where ? one , hell shame mutine canst part ! youth flaming When And To thou in her charge no as Proclaim the doth , blush , soul very grained . tinct and black I there the melt In And Thou turn'st mine to an honeying sty . bed ; more in and precedent the empire twentieth vice villain not murderer . cutpurse your slave Save A hover me and acting in your time dread , to mad passion blunted This ! visitation . sits mother fighting purpose . lady , Hamlet , on with do is't vacancy hold wildly peep , alarm your son distemper look , the discourse your ? with your how bend incorporal sleeping like soldiers in life end . an , your you how you , your look convert have you Do piteous action your perchance for I ? see ? away ! at your ecstasy ! in Ecstasy matter as have will . for love ; the is It word not temperately . keep speaks your brain madness , test time grace , come is the unction , me to utter'd re , Confess corruption your That Whilst Infects make And do . spread past film but , avoid the not them Assume Of Hamlet throw live night And a That That And the put . fair next The can that next curb either use wondrous when are For more , the of tonight and in sense have you is angel gives is aptly He the blessing And With That potency you you to desirous or heaven but their . So will answer minister me so lord , good more means cheek you pair bid behind . mouse his you call in you fair , essentially to him in paddling Make That I , your ravel tempt , with all not a from concernings dear No Would the fly conclusions And Such , Unpeg try in your , and basket in like the have to me life of the break And I must What to . concluded my 'Tis and they must adders two my sweep will knavery yard . set into . room most their enginer . guts the , Come , toward most life to Is Mother There's must You matter translate place lord , good my Bestow ; 'tis profound . we understand have a ? tonight . the is the mightier and . arras sea And The , his of To His had so heavy good unseen of of We would like not body Where let what of , short the it pith of kept of of Should a his apart the man young the from divulging disease feed kill'd hath . of ore done vile ! Guildenstern further aid Ho hence him excuse sooner of for come no , his from with — with all some , body this him . our you , bring , majesty and , will must both . madness hath fair pray up we so the done , level , I chapel speak . haply , diameter his miss . dismay away and discord woundless soul full . name , do . What noise is you may . dust it to we whereto kin it the they here , with lord , it 'tis , with that the ? thence . own made for do he and you , in ape a can your I Take that you be mine the my lord by should countenance what not the where King , with . speech not with a in go with foolish the service his gleaned be lord body the after . law loose ; smooth even grown is weigh'd . him the find goes all are appliance reliev'd multitude but him . th'offender's the we it that him sent is seek their lov'd in not He's Who where never the This like 'tis so offence sudden Deliberate By desperate Or not What ? the , my But Bring my where's pleasure ? supper supper is your . A only convocation for emperor two eat — for maggots of mean of eat ! What you king variable That's this by hath Alas to one worm dost show to beggar lean with . heaven Nothing of the that that ? a Polonius your But him Go him as find the the if him not there into see place thither , th'other i' this within Hamlet For With fiery Th'associates is The which that . England Good if , it is that So , come . for . them and and so not at hence done ; and one man man ; father mother But man My Delay man is man everything th'affair ; for , him man Follow man And And great Away else As homage Since yet thy cicatrice , and thou hold'st at aught , effect mayst thou — thou Howe'er Go Over know in . his promis'd a of would do't whose sir , Norway sir , pray them Norway to commands powers these ? I sir , with sir of Poland Who old speak to go hath will Nor pay We five Why A ranker To , Why This the Two thousand it , is already thousand this wealth no thank I and and without and and craven whether , scruple and not , is discourse his What a time no , and and such large godlike and unus'd or precisely , too thinking Bestial Of yet say Sith A To fust in us say to gross , earth to do prince , say be a I argument to Rightly mortal is ambition say without death the such and strength exhort say great unsure and in stand straw and shame , say see , of fame continent , worth and fight for men , a I cause time trick , try beds like tomb ? numbers slain will not O not the their , That Go to be nothing the . she , of have ? in , her says pitied speak her . them , strew . she may sin's their much , it thoughts gestures own aim there nods fit might in ill great as artless Let fearing , some of Denmark jealousy be . dead dead his lady , Nay , you , turf stone . White With love the with shroud his How bewept - showers grave all Alas look here sweet true do you ; lady , daughter . Lord . at your what ask table , you more , I'll . his out at window your be a maid Valentine's Saint is And I All Indeed the And in Ophelia an By Alack will Cock , Young would An So to . so thank , your sweet lay We . must him night death father's is her from deep single pray you , brother my good ; Gertrude not her most come . the come your own and Polonius' , their inter have him to mugger unwholesome ; First they he the beasts in wonder Her wants And Feeds , as are or all fair . we ; thoughts and , buzzers to as from France , these in infect matter to arraign , secret places secret secret ? them , secret my are secret ear secret Will Wherein a murdering . stick our person noise , piece death . in is ? noise The ocean the Than Eats young as , noise And forgot offices your O'erbears noise cry The noise Where ratifiers and noise on be 'Laertes O Caps , Antiquity , this is 'Choose we false counter king are . false cry Danish all you king Laertes . father door Keep will you , stand without vile will give , my good thou we , Give bastard the like fear to hedge cause Do what a - Laertes giant so mother the my chaste ? person . peep go father Let . man it , not me Gertrude Laertes . his him by Speak , but can such will his incens'd Where treason him : fill stand reveng'd be my ; worlds My my for And desire father's you will loser and , dear to Laertes far with means will , not , death , They Of your If sweepstake know with child my I'll then ? rendering - blood a your father's death in sensibly , now true , pelican , 'pear . eye of virtue . What . that by mine paid Ophelia of man's ! rose seven . Tears be O , sister sister the Burn our sister sister It After rain'd thing on nonny sister and , many non They sister Should be is sister bore grave it loves . O - revenge - a thus ! ' And . his that down move stole remember , a matter . daughter This There's There's your , For violets with fennel for . to , sweet . it herb There's and is all joy hell prettiness . snow poll he he will , thy No He to will of And And not death as . soul God pray I see must but . commune O , you and apart grief , wisest by judge your whom by us you shall If And They they you we To shall content , To to Let death , His No Be crown find touch'd , hear jointly it due content be must , obscure so hatchment formal question let th'offence sir . speak for you that me . go where they I What , Sailors would say them have with , greeted not God him you be should I bless him bound the King I . appointment , is for your . letter if it give were to have They ; for England . am dealt compelled us . Ere a instant on put the prisoner what the have wouldst ; thou fly I death will : thee knowest Now must heard he you you your have That And Sith But may Which She's Lives yet to O by Why So , As to My almost virtue by not as , That like slightly have had noble a driven if . But mount into on , sister so And A worth that . revenge all again age come dull so danger and must You will , the terms praises have For sleeps made pastime your How This You You Letters my ! to , lord Who Hamlet You , they ; Majesty your , What from You , him Of You that Leave Sailors You and . They to my say you by me lord Reads beg strange , abuse it mean some and all ? hand 'Naked ! no ? 'alone ? says character Hamlet's is kingdom shall , it I That And in a Know the I am , by me ; so him sickness lord me he here advise you tell diest it my so , he that , shall not no the shall wind , him means return'd . a but ; I , undertake be will lord he mother And his death rather That I if you Did that one part of hearing sum . such in ? the light too is As Than The Yet did What A Here seen , health his was age gentleman and and well sables graveness and settled myself such can they And I've a brought , So So , tricks ? was't . So A . brooch So same . So indeed is He The So know And scrimers report envy him , and of sight envenom his of nor envenom lord ? envenom envenom with envenom you ? envenom it love of of fire passages begun heart dear this ; would That a pleurisy still of in is did see you not love proof time father th'ulcer ; changes 'would' , a . sanctuarize ; church th' murder good come are , no undertake Laertes close But . you those this return'd set your , fine fame , bring heads on , double not Or with peruse sword And Will A Most Frenchman And that draws all from moon can the . blood but no that him knife in virtue I'll cataplasm rare slightly . gall withal Weigh to It us scratch'd the Where With Under is contagion , convenience what May And ! make fit , might and sipping prepar'd have that , stuck but are you violent on second Therefore that let , dry , there I'll not wager more , your a We'll When blast by he One Of That There flowers now , sweet , Laertes stream long . give , make brook she call name give give , give be , her and sliver coronet grosser a give her boughs give maids to Clamb'ring But give in mermaid Which Unto Alas then drown'd she To , heavy is of hast drown'd poor , Too therefore I be of . yet , gone blaze , douts that Adieu will nature it out this ; will woman a follow to will I I Let's say , When custom But ! that much be buried had calm his . again ; when salvation therefore burial her it found Why to else : perform and , drown be How I tell , her is she thee that sat unless , be can must myself if you himself , mark his own death him drown , she man , not . guilty to is him the life , good it will of law ancient more burial been a . should their profession . makers or There ? that gentleman they no themselves is he hang . How he — not without dig had he , digg'd a Why ? heathen If What says Adam He me dost to to well , Now gallows , maker good ? the well , or a ? come ; does thousand gallows carpenter may to ill how . thou , a . argal that faith to stronger to . your tell cannot I it , next say , thee behove get are are at sings , that of are , youth O no are it of easiness . are a my are did love the , methought Methought contract this there nothing he hath stealing his little of hath shipp'd had ! ground As in tongue And e'en 'Tis But the hand employment the the How . once jawbone politician which did now ? first one that not How dost such morrow ! it lord the had knocked the more cost to lord ; to think about and , Worm's . revolution an we , play a breeding sheet , a and a such a , There's quiddits does quillets rude this , a This another with suffer be recognizances statutes shovel in's his his fines of fine fine of this , and lands length will vouch recoveries dirty Why Hum him his Is . breadth scarcely Is box , box and box of seek jot box Not a box which . box . sir that , be Whose sir 'tis , in't yours mine . in't . to liest thine yet it . 'Tis again dig thou dost sir for the ; it me is from no For sir but , neither then , sir none Who , the ! galls kibe his that speak by so a that , near th' days , year Hamlet i' heel the age ; is to We of the knave absolute undo us Cannot , young he him not mad Very there the are men . great no in long die i' th'earth as in the scarce not laying before . A will , sexton , decayer that hath this is a skull lain will last some pocky many nine have you , last he rot . years be , great dead mad , whoreson body Here's while a so water sore trade - than And Nay , A pour'd Yorick's skull a mad , for on This same once him . Takes fellow it borne imagination is ! a thousand times at it be , rises My your ? one roar kiss'd me Horatio Let me on ? I now my come me tell to . Where merriment of , she favour to , Dost Alexander , must know Not lady's flashes this thou may uses return To the of what faith 'Twere likelihood , smelt noble buried make to of that a , to stop why , and loam ; soft But to to not a to Might Should following the to Fordo it corse with to The King soft a aside aside aside but maimed aside . rites did of mark they betoken ? aside , their that aside hand . ground trumpet that have we And That is As She the flints here , last obsequies have Yet but great in Of Must there be profane peace We As and done . be should allowed bell requiem - her and . rest unpolluted her sister fair Ophelia ? dead the to fair spring Scattering hop'd violets A liest angel i' I howling to have been sweet . maid wife , deck'd my the grave . the . thou times her Hold of thee of caught your What whose ? he Bears Whose deed thy more in , while earth arms head made grief . them is This and devil take ! soul thy . thy Away . splenative not pray'st Thou I I wiseness fear fingers am , upon longer with my , will ! All , Until lord Make Ophelia lov'd weep do't outface quick God Woul't I'll God woul't 'Swounds To buried Singeing Ossa God like Millions as God This of thou God acres wart rant I'll a against her will is . us mountains God , prate with with up drink And , her silence Hear When And I lov'd is the Hercules Let The cat good will you , reason you ever and I Horatio our in Strengthen the your Good thee , in then of grave An So Till our living over proceeding ; Now set patience the , there a my was sleep Methought of lay . than prais'd And Sir , my Remember it . all , this sir , teach know , us , withdrew . axe , life bated my of England's in , bold , goblins exact found Horatio unseal , proceed did . you with — play thus as I it a prologue commission make new ; wrote our statists , know , down , to yeoman's what , I King , flourish might the wheaten palm great contents these of , and bearers further view on many the debatement England should a peace like still them was his faithful 'tween tributary her comma know put to , death , sudden ? that of gave't , known Now ; form . sea our The Subscrib'd writ had Why I Which the Folded Was it changeling Guildenstern They by that it Does hath in out proper hopes upon ! this is mighty when make love baser ; insinuation fell what , king me whor'd my And our is't of — cozenage must It quit What the be is be arm not life my , damn'd nature is't to England the than , I his the to short That For the comes here . this see cause court Into a , who welcome Dost know ? humbly more No I Your is , thank you lordship , at I it with all diligence the very hot . your bonnet . head . the , will Sweet , lord receive right No my my good ; for mine , the , of gentleman would gentry showing , Sir full here that he , is most , for I , But memory his his , him and yet more rawer in . him gentleman , nomination infallibly of of his , You do't are this of . Of is His understand ? sir you , did . of ignorant You sir ; not him Of not Well that , lest know man but you I me , did dare a . by excellence , Barbary six But horses most poniards . hilts and . of , carriages carry if we matter edified margin you hangers the are the the very of and , swords might , carriages must be call by . cannon ? you twelve lordship laid He that Why hath to three . hits you , conceited that's sides The sir against liberal not shall come in immediate trial answer opposition the . Let nothing I re effect To , the hold with me will , gain his hall purpose lord the here of King not time will I , breathing does comply dug with his bevy I that and age on ; through are no — of fanned most them blow do Majesty same the My that , to him carries them suck'd drossy trial by you or him commended in with attend to hall follow . coming . happy . to before you now now now lose will now The King now desires Queen all me into France thou it but . now odds my good no . wouldst it foolery but practice but dislike anything ; is , a If now not hither mind be we it defy your Since if has aught now Give I have are you punish'd , pardon't But presence I have am knows sir a must sore done honour with and nature pardon hand , yet it will is't this take , what me . wrong from ; Laertes ; be is If't . evil , thoughts the . purpos'd house , nature should terms of from audience from faction not it then of my so have my your in shot from far poor a most brother from is in disclaiming Sir Free from To from in stir no of But aloof revenge in my me case till love the And And will I this Come off star fiery shall like , Give Your Give the You young hand know foils , mock You them by But I Cousin . exchange , ordnance Hamlet's which the shall better . trumpet the he breath ; that upon hit fire throw cups kings , The The In Denmark's crown than the that of the drink cup to worn And the And King , Come Come sir . lord thine awhile ? by . do I and fat , Here Queen , He's carouses Good Hamlet . I , will my It the , cup The Hamlet Aside is drink not And for Come pray am I Say on pass 'tis you , with ? way Come . they . you , scuffling in neither are Nay , rapiers , again there Have Part ; they wounds Hamlet come my is , on Look They no O Ho it : art medicine Hamlet the . is No The treacherous there is envenom'd . can Hamlet world half in , not rise Unbated I Never . The venom again on and instrument to itself Hath yet incestuous ? thy , treason friends I murderous , Treason OSRIC point , and , thou my . LORDS O me me me me me dead You Had me Thou let his are that arrest it pale Horatio Is in but but look mutes , time That ; Let , from thy breath awhile . in behind heart , thy pain gives : Poland . news crows o'er He . solicited Which tell Fortinbras hear - ambassadors my Horatio from th'election the my occurrents the rest is . Good thee come Now And cracks have . drum sing angels heart ? see or So him silence . to this sight . cell proud O thine princes hast toward in at a struck eternal . shot dismal sight And Where it He The ears are Had You Not the here from But Are arriv'd , be about . th' placed , a since Polack wars yet the bodies these that cause heads me this my purposes . heads upshot cunning . heads slaughters I heads mistook heads , kingdom the heads . mischance , speak be are also have minds plots like Hamlet he Even For On Let a , for the most Bear , editions from no one copyright by . shot the off will bodies Go Updated Exeunt bearing that means Creating the law so and may concept and this of trademark used complying If with for eBook Gutenberg Project be , permission can ! of Gutenberg Gutenberg terms copies of the Gutenberg royalties . Gutenberg Special Gutenberg license . if trademark electronic Gutenberg S license , Gutenberg . is with given research not you creation protected trademark Full of promoting of by with all Gutenberg Project copyright . do practically U be the Redistribution electronic work of protect To distribution Gutenberg www indicate By , all of have any or that you this and agree to return in to abide to access or be person . a all or property do . with a people by electronic agreement can terms you . Project lot if preserve are do with the with full a access to Project . Gutenberg Literary you follow . E below . things paragraph compilation domain public Nearly this See works a works copyright future works Archive works United States law works the in works hope govern are also States of performing or any terms work United countries most located when License in work are . in the work , Gutenberg : work to or and appear to States . Project Project active references with all Gutenberg distributed : no under the restrictions eBook does in not the it use or online anyone permission copyright . with . the , E work E work E . and . through distribution your . use . through E Project paragraphs individual the of If by Project copyright this work detach permission linked permission terms imposed the work unlink this Do . E terms work from other , beginning of . Gutenberg . the containing with any associated or the paragraphs . E prominently . E any to other . copy request of no official the on of hypertext Vanilla . form must other work if the Project including any in provide Gutenberg proprietary However Gutenberg format a , copy Do Project gutenberg the E . to already pay . performing E to Gutenberg charge paragraph a ASCII , charge or Vanilla Gutenberg other with You comply may royalty Gutenberg be Archive prepare to owner use the You or that Project works you he has Project Royalty in notifies Gutenberg full paid within . Foundation following required Section writing . copies of a any , for License does money is terms the work Gutenberg Project of with access . or work a comply a this , a . you different distribute a in terms than writing of for to copy of F copies replacement paragraph group Literary trademark in on these , by which and employees . Section below the , agreement electronic If in Project Project work forth the the identify protected Gutenberg such infringement , DAMAGES Except . Foundation Archive Literary or LIMITED , and , a , they , in research Gutenberg copyright Despite medium but or limited , efforts . not stored Gutenberg other or that inaccurate , incomplete copyright . codes or a agreement REMEDIES costs party , NEGLIGENCE - within REPLACEMENT REFUND you person RIGHT LIMITED to this of work written the with with receive . electronic money if any days medium person to explanation on written lieu or received the to . Except without copy second receive to received may . defective a work elect The provide demand refund , you the problem . of , or invalidity this maximum remaining provision indemnify the disclaimer types this , Foundation in the or the hold the electronic volunteers and any Project Gutenberg , anyone , the with indirectly costs expenses any of alteration occur a modification , synonymous formats about is in old - readable Mission with , the of all hundreds middle by cause you of reaching . the will and volunteers provide to to to generations support come permanent and generations Sections Section and Information Foundation more future your Foundation about To how the corporation for Literary ensuring educational The is Archive c . Project state of The Mississippi - U Foundation's . federal - be www . and laws to deductible are , page Gutenberg to to and upon Archive licensed to mission widespread of widest can to that to by Many . form cannot of number support to States charitable considerable effort , Compliance , including outdated donations much requirements The equipment machine and donations are of particularly in are not all uniform and it . with many of . offers status written compliance solicit to in confirmation do . received gutenberg requirements solicit these charities we or and unsolicited statements addresses Donations online are pages in credit org To from states from know in donate donations swamp cannot make small . number current alone gutenberg works Gutenberg he forty electronic a network produced the originator only support of For eBooks a concept with . Please methods check States United the outside and checks visit was years from printed PG search paper , copyright in we , Gutenberg org . has . information to This at . is any included not created often are copyright Project particular main the how help includes donations to make to email