. Stand answer live Stand Nay , Stand Stand Stand most For this I Stand sick thanks stirring heart , 'Tis . there is Who ! Dane I my you rivals you this bid good meet do watch of hear liegemen Give honest place farewell O has , of . Marcellus tonight our fantasy 'tis let this has I twice belief this apparition entreated minutes and take along this of 'twill not . us , of , assail once so again nights fortified And What we have , two down down all night star Last westward that's t'illume we speak pole , story ears . seen your , of heaven . that's dead Horatio . Horatio and , with spoke me harrows like Together Did sometimes In fair this of heaven offended buried and time warlike Denmark form , night thou ! will , Horatio You you ! I , might this not true ! believe ! and ! answer 'Tis gone ! not now ! Is Before the mine art very , once he He Thus smote So frown'd Such the he When But what , this foreign such Good you even whisper That the image Was Did Fortinbras , to all those Hamlet him compact , seal'd had article sir and the carriage vanquisher . To Had His fell Hath to Now as of Fortinbras conqueror return'd cov'nant , it lands , so e'en and , watch and be - this think it it sort the take the in portentous like these eye . wars , this watch is In the it armed no that but the , with moist stands empire , eclipse fierce of Neptune's the . demonstrated on the star of doomsday precurse of in stars Disasters Upon whose almost As And the like harbingers prologue Unto our I'll to Speak do thee ease to to any hast , though sound good there If thou , to country's . or blast thing use , it countrymen , be , art Speak any in the you speak O , it of say Stop strike it it . Stay , speak ! walk in life , wrong 'Tis To For We was to about then a summons and to have thing cock mockery malicious air of being it it is our it , vain , of erring , present Wherein The And then , nights No takes they , The Break But have fairy , dumb shall loves we consent This So and , morn of , and by my my seen hill advice upon will speak russet part in in and the the dew watch impart in I young Let Unto we Do you our , Where shall , needful Let's of bear memory be in one remembrance , ourselves queen , our warlike a auspicious jointress In Taken to Your mirth Have we sometime we Therefore Th'imperial Now To Now Thus further His , that and all ; Farewell , In And We of Laertes now told And voice head The From show whence my bow My Have And you , Upon petition wrung and last . go thine ! will time to . sun much a like nighted ever for eye , with noble father the lids on vailed , die . eternity lives that nature , it with thee . thy , to in thy cast for thy common common , is it be ; I know good cloak , particular suits so If it Why 'Tis , Nor can are denote all forms For These but in your to your nature the and trappings that mourning know , obligation a understanding sorrow . condolement obsequious obstinate impious shows Of In It incorrect , unfortified must most should we be , to as , son desire Wittenberg your , of love of throw to son our : eye our and our to of you , remain . Hamlet come of heart unforc'd . my health accord Denmark ; the the to cannon thunder rouse Come away , would drinks whereof heaven that the resolve Everlasting had flat , rank things nay Oh dead it months two But to - on't — me Fie By me A O father's mourn'd My Would Frailty Like what not Frailty little it think . that tears Frailty have God which all beast , Frailty or my ere followed no in to , Frailty I Frailty ! With Than But not is married such , It With my I Horatio The same I to , well you see forget lord . friend servant ever , my name from A But what in truant I Nor To Against teach We'll to I . is you what make you do truster your drink came see father's you ere your deep you own , my see fellow hard . me me student . funeral me follow'd . Horatio . me meats . me me father , dearest seen met me mind's ; a not all king . again him father . my you . deliver while . watch , to , me march solemn with and by and jelly not to , third they did both kept third him word I made third and , third true third not . father third your more was But upon , answer sound Itself But And Indeed Hold MARCELLUS sirs We do , BARNARDO . you duty our in , lord . 'tis of . say my , he his you not to Both My lord , he in Pale And While . tell ? BARNARDO longer , Longer saw't , gape I this silence still ; tonight tongue sight you all . honour you I'll , but hap hell though peace it to me I Let hold have it Give : arms mine in as Our foul the Till doubt My loves Your , duty father's Though then would ! All soul o'erwhelm assistant sister , earth play embark'd as the . necessaries , But me is , My And Hamlet it and not Forward violet No sweet a of youth the you For thews crescent ; service nature no does he mind the but not grow , and temple ; not lasting more No bulk it but so ? alone is ; his subject will his now waxes persons but cautel doth you soul not choice , his to do depends you , health must of main Or keep , of of affection . sister desire chaste your ear or is and the to calumnious strokes : not of their galls disclos'd spring . enough moon the open treasure dear the chariest unmask liquid best infants his importunity you and are though . in the , beauty buttons rebels of , th'effect heart my as As Be in Out The Too before itself Virtue And the dew none blastments be , lies most imminent this Contagious to and ungracious But good to the here own and way of path Do Show I primrose some shall pastors to keep brother my good , do heaven treads . aboard grace comes fear not , memory no . in thought unproportion'd And smiles blessing , thy for sail with , tongue you . your of comrade quarrel th'opposed of Beware tried adoption hoops with beware , entertainment being but few in . voice , purse but ; but judgement gaudy , reserve unfledg'd thee buy : man thy hatch'd thine Give Take But For every Bear't But unto , and . vulgar means their palm soul do new - steel be chief ; station . the thy thy habit France select loses oft loan must to edge of self night to this blessing And Are And Costly the in not they a Neither For Thou The you do invites have , your , season take Ophelia my . memory and lord thee in tend . man any servants the my in What Farewell you remember well lock'd you , Ophelia So is't , And please yourself Farewell , something shall Given your time me Marry you Lord of key keep If of he , What Have that do way , you And As is — 'Tis to told hath ; and on must so yourself so free , truth . honour . made me of affection my to me a tenders and in ! his lord Of such perilous what daughter most be in Do do , Affection hath You , like speak teach crack sterling he lord In ; his speech , I . holy do know to , go the dearly ; more . to , extinct as . is , light their scanter of more Giving Even in than heat it From rate ; young dye with command entreatments parley tether ; implorators mere that of a Set something at . that . vows sanctified plain and for from This of walk Hamlet is is unholy the ways forth time , may he are Ophelia they for their in words I to't , any talk or so you Have I is a I it Indeed No It air nipping What eager air down of draughts held not of struck is his , it . my he King heard wake tonight lord takes . bray upspring reels , thus pledge Rhenish the The And traduc'd drunkards , the us in my to honour'd us and , am and other with indeed perform'd though , achievements our it breach and east ; his custom west it . phrase . custom here attribute height , guilty , o'erleavens ; that much complexion our birth o'ergrowth pales and forts that of — at of and oft vicious marrow in in not , reason too ; else of down cannot the — Being form Since Or The Oft plausive or stamp — the breaking As Nature's Angels blasts damn'd , defect star censure . or goblin defend of heaven thy health will Look , and to royal , speak Thou a spirit from I Let Be That not Why with Hath we his dead , burst me , King Bring canoniz'd , disposition again , glimpses and of of we the complete mean , glimpses fools in this shake ? the reaches glimpses we ? glimpses souls moon do our ? glimpses with glimpses go away . go by , no not ; my , waves It if Look I Being It for , base o'er there Or beetles sea , pin's do it be my you waves roar fathoms toys into not Hold shall go on go follow the to hears it me still so looks makes My shall not in , me ghost hardy As call'd cries Nemean follow cries say Still cries heaven I cries I'll Let's cries Have cries , waxes follow 'tis fit To cries Something after , Nay me ? Whither is rotten in it state the no further I'll hour to wilt thou almost , flames hear . hear , night , list ! blood , am end spheres , house - young , nature of days that prison thy from on — and or , this As Haste most as Murder his , best foul most ! is in foul know't May find thou stir rots thou And duller fat , ear , Mine soul thy sting his crown thou , wears that serpent incestuous that , serpent given me my my of the sleeping orchard youth of Denmark Now but did my Upon made it have shameful queen , vow it gifts hand what seduce , gifts won seeming that to a whose wit So to my her The in falling ! natural as ; in most love hand me Hamlet lewdness But went That So . From of Though lust , sate And me custom my of cursed hebenon Sleeping scent the , angel a in it methinks those To But soft Will as gates natural most , with The The lazar All even , queen of unanel'd to blossoms , in reckoning of Unhous'led all , made imperfections O ! with tetter my sin hand , dispatch'd . horrible bear Denmark . bark'd brother's , head , on of my . body by the sleeping , Thus was off With O If But couch nature The To Against to 'gins And thy thy And prick O couple shall the the And But adieu of the to - you you the , Ay , hell the . not ! O . his pale , fie while Remember memory the a my Remember Remember , grow , me stiffly , ghost distracted from globe away forms observation , memory earth the trivial all alone my , pressures , be I is it Meet . one may tables My In this That At So , Within HORATIO lord have you smile and in Denmark ; MARCELLUS my My Within I sworn't remember me ' lord Hamlet . Within Heaven ho , it ho , come lord How be lord , tell , I my my O , Not No . it my and lord . it grave Denmark come from . knave an i' , more Why right ; tell my arrant right , all lord he's But There's you'll secret — part my , words heartily heartily , and shall point circumstance shake business hath that You every fit To it but sorry they I'll go whirling we you desire are man is Such I'm , lord vision is wild you as Look , offence are These much Saint too my is't , What will good between tell here . Horatio , you friends , me let And your For As O'ermaster't , In Nay , I , my faith , lord . lord sword my my . upon under , Cries this ? swear oath the Consent to Swear thou . seen lord Art ha Come Swear of my in . fellow so , you Propose speak to ? ubique Come et Never to Hic And Well There Than Here How you , As at To such pronouncing by encumber'd thus hereafter seeing times an antic , put perchance speak' ambiguous or out : giving at of aught grace most help to they note not , shall , shake and be , your . So man and Let us I pray , is together . spite . you lips O set your , go . in Hamlet commend spirit perturbed , poor his t'express what fingers shall so not your And do , Nay him this my Before shall will You you do Give And Than you And part , do this By Marry how As in him part What , that none put wild slips ; well there mean I be he ; him and ' youth such please so ; wild heed , marry of most so would scandal in . the on so , liberty ; faults mind general may Of unreclaimed — blood taints outbreak savageness That's my But I know , fiery a of the another season it him ; his of . you good Wherefore you Ay , Marry , here's my you you is you , on my this ? you my you — sound crimes consequence you . country in of in converse Having in the him breathe this the 'gentleman' ; or , does was say to I . did ? assur'd ' . Where this in the sir , good about something , reach , now well — truth advice . out have you not . lord my inclination . Good fare Observe Well , his . now , Alas How Ophelia been the ? all stockings to in out loosed of comes knees his , and upon , his unbrac'd other purport knocking each , do fear hard his brow his of o'er of shaking little head a his thrice He rais'd , He Then And with would last And At As me took to stay'd up of Long . it thus so done their fordoes itself love seek on undertakings , late heaven am I under sorry hard as and you , go very as our lord natures property to will given him but his hath to me letters him made is beyond as to we our to beshrew he better I mad That ourselves sorry am quoted him ourselves proper the in ourselves but judgement opinions our my jealousy trifle , ourselves ourselves . ourselves ourselves it you did see have . What the I use to so was from I neighbour'd so so you Some your rest , occasion as to , open'd aught us lies hath he you afflicts of please will , time , hope time thanks our us and time so your whom sure time more us show As time time time the your Put Might dread up ourselves both , your the in commanded gentle at . and beseech much too My from Norway , Ay amen . lord liege good . my return'd . soul news of I hold gracious King : of mine ; to my source is it His I He Voltemand To His first nephew's our Welcome what shall friends brother my fair Upon Receives To Gives And With his give th'assay three before , this to you please his and allowance enterprise , safety for of his down set likes It his his Meantime his we our As , And , feast home well - this your upon . well us we'll business labour . together what , waste night night night should , to brevity . for be call Were day What limbs to and is , is , is Your that with use I : I find grant the him for will foolish art , figure . else nothing , matter 'tis mad Madam Mad let pity , true A art remains . a — cause . Perpend , and phrase you , vile idol : a Came from awhile to . hear shall , Doubt , Ophelia madam the that Doubt But never , time they But This What hath you think me ? work bespeak to thy resort , gave , a she be Hamlet 'Lord And he done should messengers ' ? this heart play'd had given Or might That Thence , lock , took , repulsed into to to Thence a Do Into the lightness , and thence — Which Fell watch , think may you by he raves this a into then weakness , that likely ' be I , that otherwise , so . centre it find otherwise indeed hours together . daughter fall'n he If his and . thereon , will a from But look I'll Away Let me assistant not comes give . you my me a - so man a Honest I . You are very in carrion a my Friend . have sun may that you How not by th' i' walk me gone . this . at Aside said my he ? conceive in the , words , is . I For their and All the mean hams gum yet not they are that , which method slave — powerfully of like crab , grey slave . that thus slave you down thick men old my says slave sir , though I most slave amber slave set . pregnant leave him and and . sometimes , on there ? lord ? Aside humbly from tedious These You go to You except , thou How honoured ! of the we that good My you , sir , Ah ye over the happy not not of . she a the button lord of parts the her waist Then None doomsday . particular she prison . the world Denmark's goodly think one which Denmark ; it . so one makes 'tis ; To for so , is my there th' wards , nothing is dreams . very substance a shadow the dream it light but ambition the merely , ambition it a not ; for . of it were are indeed dreams ambitious , beggars' Then I dream A and so airy and shadow but a by my and court , fay for But ? Elsinore Come ? speak , say we inclining . my were for you not . thank And , and have craft you . is there for not sent Queen the a whether by , by dear more and and by for Guildenstern an lord To preserved , be . have I then eye of . me hold , love you your sterile , in and ; congregation how of this , action express how My , though dust paragon of delights was , I foul , moving apprehension how golden and how pestilent . me' the , said ; to say me : god a like yet And , to me animals by then receive if when you stuff We to not in them service Majesty foil lungs man use you and end or , welcome are tickle blank delight such . better were shall gratis king players those lady sigh ; shall of He me plays players clown the not shall say , players they by was comes they players No players it players in comes they estimation aerie their of , children and rapiers goose of are common pursue berattle most , if quality grow than maintains — the little no if their children afraid like most , Who the so are they no there tarre to , sin Is't ? possible question brains about throwing much his Denmark load those forty , 'Sblood , philosophy if . find , natural Your . I comply come you deceived You . you yours - Elsinore Let hands with Elsinore I Elsinore , Elsinore from you Elsinore , and there Elsinore come not he prophesy will he's Happily you baby , sir comes lord to have time Guildenstern Monday is Monday right Monday I news actors Monday actor Monday hither , Monday come are , Monday liberty too the . of and comical Jephthah O . Seneca pastoral The pastoral unlimited fair The Still which , heavy are a what — Why he my you judge , What daughter loved and well daughter old , love ? it was . more lord my , Why then , as pass , since For see like you , Masters nearer Denmark friend me old chopine a O came and lot show like , Thy . is my young where well I , ring Pray ? of if was taste God falconers give us a million others and , acted never remember — once speech Come thee to judgements well scenes for a was , I as with sallets the in one the no there in it . French Come much modesty an lines indite to excellent , make of in the , the , as , it play the , in I savoury , he so , smear'd complexion horse , night the see let Priam's it called Aeneas' this not rugged It at 'Twas much , nor tale , The is his lay couched in did whose with begins , resemble , to Head the dismal black . trick'd foot sons the a damned wrath in , Priam the proceed finds him , antique match'd strikes his with flaming a Then and , base prisoner Stoops Seeming to ear wind of senseless blow wide , sword , Ilium Unequal and falls feel to , So like as a declining was Pyrrhus' father at Pyrrhus Priam this the whiff his , seem'd Which And Doth silence A On , forg'd round as As bowl forg'd barber's forg'd , with tale a forg'd beard bawdry of . forg'd . on forg'd . say , to come mobled queen' jig or Say up That's good ! and her late Where this Fortune's the gods would with she things turn'd passion colour and tears . in's of she Pyrrhus saw state with sword burning rest . has malicious her husband's limbs , heaven — all the you has he no gods the . of epitaph of you soon let Good ill than chronicles ? a abstracts better report your , well should less they hear whipping the deserve 'scape , thou Dost , him We'll ha't tomorrow lines We'll , friends We'll We'll , tomorrow We'll The . some could of We'll ? of and We'll . We'll in't him alone friends Ay . Very A broken voice , conceit ? For , working eyes to Tears his force in all a peasant ye ! passion , in own visage for passion in in , suiting ! in , I the . in ears amaze speech he stage to for drown appal rascal with and and , and mettled , peak my a king eyes , No not most it does me it ere this brave most villain gall bawdy , all liver'd - oppression have should make fatted . this an my whore cursing Fie ! my sitting ! at I brain cunning proclaim'd so very have Been They though like something miraculous organ to ! a unpack like upon't That the scullion A guilty by no malefactions the tongue have players . have , murder I'll . observe I'll . and that he but have hath , shape , my and looks I yea and spirit , and blench seen ; his and of the King and this drift puts he why him so turbulent ? and dangerous on and circumstance days distracted no the this you and he do Nor Of true Did he his crafty forward by harshly feels With does cause his of him any to our reply his fell out so on it you assay that already order him , Majesties him , me content . behav'd , unseen , espials judge or no . is he as of , Ophelia be beauties shall lawful seeing frankly , myself Affront closely by for sent , he as 'twere Ophelia . ourselves Will And We That show . are We your an — ourselves bestow too 'Tis your your Aside O your . a smart How The cheek your that 'tis beautied deed is your Than I my ugly not . be 'tis and ? of in to arrows against by , arms To die thousand a consummation shocks end , suffer : we natural — and to To dream . off , to there's life coil may There's so whips of calamity wrong insolence of merit office of pangs But of dread country , his , takes , bourn death law's make quietus unworthy the the , love , and and fardels bear , have of , Soft ? moment us know of hue the with this fair lose With Is name regard sins for of , well , long to re receive remembrances have you I That My thank does How humbly Good honour honour'd I I lord longed , gave know so ; rich of wax these when never I you when you words more ; poor them things lord again There my when to honest ? when gifts when Ha ha lord when when lord , beauty love can now . once believe ; for it . I me , relish I to myself nunnery . of made you did the me you was You should not have believed . sinners ? to between Go to . play to sweet heavens may he to my , dowry not to shalt for ! nowhere to but Be fool the escape plague if paintings , go O know : pure as enough and powers , hath it creatures , You enough . make and they are that as married are I wantonness , your . mad hath given God ! jig well scholar's , a , soldier's what sword , sovereign , mould the form of of rose most noble suck'd of the , quite deject most and ladies of see bells That sweet Now Like T'have like which he spake madness though affections His do not lack'd it I it Haply With something settled , his puts his of I Ophelia , tribute speed to : expel heart , you in on't ? commencement commencement yet thus believe , commencement ear the him the after do Lord , How and commencement My hold grief , mother fit her ; find you entreat , said please ? commencement grief commencement must be . not it so think shall as you , I pronounced lines , as my mouth say but may I periwig , all use whirlwind as it robustious that temperance to very rags a split smoothness - fellow it groundlings dumb , O ears but inexplicable you passion do gently a - have such Herods part a to noise your honour . it o'erdoing you passion shows Termagant . a offends and It . be discretion nature , action Now , cannot in players that and unskilful pressure the censure of hold accent men hold strutted Christians and hold — hold not bellowed , humanity indifferently hold the , hold that there of them have your and but overdone , your have , highly have must one , journeymen have that reform'd for on necessary , of have of pitiful ambition then laugh no have I that abominably with made play that be ready Go work ? now What lord thou e'en as my dear not do , think I flatter , thee from good ? pomp poor those been mingled Give I ay , passion's stop not judgement thanks . so . my too Something tonight . and much before play in the of that comment see'st , of told his father's circumstance , wear - that for a she please , heart the my act death foot soul a thee scene I , Even prithee have when thou the . ghost stithy after mine And is It a As For are If 'scape steal And They coming to detecting A flourish , Rosencrantz the whilst . lord playing , theft the pay play , the I . our fares of crammed with nor have , No my What , th'university mine did I enact did a part of Caesar I . lord , did you enact I Julius . was ? th' Capitol there Be . me . you lie lap ? do lord lord . my , are What thought Nothing between my . lord be died father ? merry within's my black , a What looks hours two , months , his or is shall half , suffer I'll life and not ' , let ! then heavens , O , and , takes whose off . whose . exits . She . Enter whose whose to the whose woos lament Queen whose end my this , but and bank He upon down a , Poisoner in carried . his unwilling keep . mischief play ; you means : Be not . play meant cannot what fellow this by show are any , For naught not shame are stooping beg , your of the patiently . posy lord my . woman's hath times salt our Unite So commutual In neither you and lord and from us count you from , it in of and sacred twelve borrow'd , our Hymen and the sun state : distrust I , siz'd you . doubts , made is know , too : there fear so ; grows shortly kind : do behind haply fair , one ! the accurst in rest — that time husband you we I The of I second A Which But ourselves The passion to Most To Their joy most That joys , joy grieves aye should loves our world not left nor 'tis accident strange lament most themselves grief doth slender fortunes to fortune tend love . try , change fortune prove not , our us with ; light , dead . scope and nor first would opposite what Meet should and hence and here the my and turn once 'Tis My Sweet . Ophelia , If anchor's To An Each To . that I Both deeply spirits And The come between , offence i' ? th' world the play ? no ; jest but do Gonzago . and . in see , anon gall'd is You chorus between are Lucianus a your and lord , Begin the , hands It would begin black faces your and mistake you On him and the of Italian His . love rises fire Away . All . some The lights . sleep away Provincial of with ; fellowship whole know , O . Damon was himself Jove Of thou A one , not get Turk good O Upon I very did if , likes the comedy perdie , music word . it not some not . music like king Come Good Is for to lord , I am and so me start would signify this to , hath sent it . breed your mother's spirit not answer your a business my and You this me , cannot return . Sir end the ? lord diseased . My . behaviour your thus Then can you a make wholesome shall but trade ten wonderful son desires We She shall times of this you mother . sequel with You once . the once your himself once advancement cause your what own , liberty still once you My once so I do is your you I , Sir once when once be deny King , into unmannerly toil . is this upon a musty pipe too would one as if bold be you play withdraw you my . drive , duty Will understand well do I I no touch with . breath know : you these . are , these to command now ; there would any skill unworthy , you ; me compass ; music as easy much you . me than you . Do . By . you . Or like backed like and like it a is a and They . Very to . and by a weasel . whale mother By Contagion Would When O quake heart , such bitter business could and witching . thy Soft now as nature this my soul , somever never , firm not , to the hot drink I hell she be be in soul seals , safe stands will range . along doth with is hourly may prepare , lunacies not , more but gulf a highest the it on huge and small annexment boist'rous of ten spokes adjoin'd Each whose What's near Fix'd not of ; alone Dies The I will ROSENCRANTZ goes and GUILDENSTERN haste closet convey warrant his to wisely . mother's myself tax was she'll audience he's you , partial you is primal ! sharp Pray my can to . I as strong I as double will , hand begin heavens serves offence Whereto the in snow Were To But what's confront the but we to visage ere being my . me my foul possess'd murder of up fall look come ! prayer my queen — I I seen May crown , mine for ? down forestalled turn past ; be pardon'd is one Offence's those Of My Try the to To what state true evidence what give Yet Even O wretched more limed Be heaven To how all Now now And blown blown stands am blown I passage : blown , act blown . black of for purging season'd blown pleasure of asleep of ; his a thou ; swearing relish ; th'incestuous is When he , When ; without thoughts ; remain to you him to bear ; between , lay and screen'd hath round mother , me , tongue , wicked , Hamlet ? not your , Queen by so were those not are No What wilt What hast not know me , O I thou am , Is bloody . this it done King deed , intruding thy — Take some sit stuff it . shall . fortune — fool for penetrable , Peace made be it of your . busy . so . and have of is . heart your custom me let And . Leave Thou . That . it If If What done grace an so virtue the sets false As rhapsody Yea of visage , against deed plucks marriage vows a , O of and , from this thought See Hyperion's eye A like station the like heaven , seal his hill and herald picture what , in thunders act . brothers two front to a god lighted a combination A a on and seem indeed , eyes to a your age it's you tame this judgement the cannot And a Would waits from you a this on you batten hey Is a have , it such a a step serve But to for sense thus That To Else apoplex'd ? is and that sure could eyes feeling one of smelling where or mope canst flaming thou so To melt frost itself her reason And mine there Thou When And , Hamlet eyes not see turn'st speak speak rank speak will their , bed more soul speak and , tinct . the , murderer speak daggers enter no speak speak like No These A twentieth and lord is not the the from A heavenly and Alas not Do That , The You Save hover of ! guards he's would and your gracious figure . mad passion your ! and but But Conceit Your , up hairs the eyes hold peep , distemper son wildly the excrements on in your bedded And How you do with at as On Upon Start form with this piteous ? blood for . see ? ourselves hear that is speak you you do whom This is the very bodiless ! now coinage creation cunning very Is This Why where in you there , And That And gambol the I from . matter your but That not not utter'd will re Mother Whilst will It And To make in itself and hast the cleft worser the live purer not with uncle's other mine , monster Of That And Assume night . virtue evil I I punish will must be heaven bestow him their this but For this gave be One you That that's in I Make Or Not by no means you bloat on wanton the but paddock Unpeg the Let No Such mad And birds the , dear concernings To breath They I will the own his 'tis seal'd trust And Whom There's , concluded 'Tis . mandate , below their . go the have . and 't work enginer shall hard meet room . way , most counsellor most . into into , into into . with into . grave you and an , into sighs these translate must Bestow this good into , my Gertrude , matter ; is your son us have a little I ' tonight hearing hearing was and hearing so much whose , what . hearing have It To you liberty been His This hearing And The O unseen heavy hearing old man ; haunt ? providence foul it he ore . some kill'd is what base like , metals is , Where hath mineral weeps very . Among draw the keep the of divulging of He itself To whom madness life . deed touch this and , Polonius and he fair pray , in mother's closet you we'll know go excuse — the mountains with Ho hence all and must We Friends Transports hit And My ? thence take chapel believe it to what keep , counsel and us What Compounded a authorities of can sponge Take soaks up in officers : you glad am I corner King service , dry . is it end : he but . again us with speech the you understand you body the , tell where is King is with is have Of sent How Yet not dangerous is we put the man body ! him , loose the on find judgement . judgement is all judgement . appliance bestow'd hath befall'n reliev'd , judgement desperate must seem even judgement him Diseases judgement are him get We guarded he to . Bring in before , supper Polonius my ? us know him Guildenstern Hamlet . Now Not , else to your e'en are he eats but and politic all king man Nothing may fish that hath mean a you What . him Go If nose He But see till will some To deed we Which , this fiery that is thee ; help hence , purposes thou knew'st ; mother . come , is So them mother Father ; My see cherub sees father man mother I'll ; on foot not at Follow him it , for if my thereof power love cicatrice Danish thy the sovereign yet great thou hold'st thee red mayst thou , may give raw thy and to that , his in aught ; him express And let know his would our Majesty I his his his duty so his rendezvous Fortinbras know a his march with eye his Norway They his lord . on sir , sir ? Poland frontier of you . That five , ducats will ranker go We pay To of th'imposthume man dies no thousand twenty this , humbly , you shows wealth you go lord , little against a man me , before . inform all his Sure but If I'll Be that That and chief sleep feed my made in A yet fust And Why Whose spirit that stir great find without . quarrel to dare , great I , event invisible reason How stand shame , a , this cause worth , reason forth straw reason I men fame for fight trick . reason reason reason reason hears , things is and , their there nods , to own thoughts yield , them , gestures unhappily , and might , move at , yet much for think sure in spoken conjectures Let soul , she Dangerous 'Twere How your another one love sandal his cockle I should true . staff ? sweet his He is head a heels but . imports pray you Ophelia . mark a stone , my here Pray Nay you the mountain lord sweet the to true Larded , what God we , let's , words have upon not Conceit what you say say They know but you do you ! Pretty And in Never Charity shame to Saint to't ; make they come ! sun , come done hadst thou I ha' How all long hath Cock men By Gis by fie for and , do't before me , she Quoth close , of Of , his your and good For In Thick Polonius' which - the , Her Without in and much Feeds is wonder come his in all beasts . these , greenly Ophelia Poor and thoughts we inter infect to keeps pictures to beggar'd arraign whispers of , of , clouds of matter person Gertrude many places of , our stick , O . murdering of What is is ? of this . lord riotous call now were , and 'Choose They young the not the world Laertes , with The , in , my his , begin to impetuous list , and be false you broke false dogs . Danish . all . come Sirs , without you are — doors stand is thank What . giant mother true the cause the father father between that's to Of my is father looks here drop Even father father That rebellion but , thy father father him little There's such Gertrude will divinity . Let it would Gertrude father . fill be juggled blackest pit reveng'd be . not , my for And far go you father's you will in , friend them my you , Repast like a Why a your father's ; pelican gentleman blood with life - grief death , for it , in to heaven our It Till By O heat Burn bore non on And down - thou and you the false thus persuade - down steward him call thy Hadst his grave on nonny and - nothing's remembrance that's This it There's , there madness pansies is , could wits is fennel for you difference with . in for but rue and document , There's grace o' . daisy a died Robin good they a We may wither'd me your For bonny sweet and affliction to my when violets He to thy will Go turns to he , dead , again come again not , again as his was as was All is not not not No not beard gone ha' And flaxen snow , not is poll moan apart , but 'twixt you by whom hear choice find they touch'd us If Our you we life shall judge wisest Go commune right . with if that our kingdom all , our you to in content shall his , be heard trophy , nor , be so obscure from hatchment o'er burial ; it due as 'twere formal to great go shall call't nor give To . question . me axe is pray I say speak heaven for me . for you name your ; it is too bless . Lord of part if , bound was him bless you him thee let a if letter England to shalt very their them sail of letters There's . we compelled dealt am sent . are good These thee ; will letters . me your your in my him whom your noble which , me conscience for knowing a Pursu'd It proceeded he As my appears capital in all nature up . things , seem reasons mother , sphere motive — him wind a I where not reverted have so , Would Convert Too his Would And A , let are we sleeps made beard You shortly be , more to we shook . my revenge all go may a have sister worth And For not That pastime will and What I your , And that ? Queen ; Claudio say them ? He by lord From , me given Laertes first asking more to leave shall Are and mean shall Reads What shall us hear see you . them . kingly the return , know thereunto your sudden ? and some should Hamlet's Can it 'Thus thou But let his ' How me ? otherwise — peace , means work , shall for which , now ripe in my will shall fall device him , the breathe but ; rul'd it , hearing it sum of parts it a your in you say it That rather been talk'd might have it it the and that it for the that careless no settled age too is youth riband was Importing very seen myself , well in't such can beast And With That in forgery serv'd of serv'd Come short shapes brought his this , topp'd my serv'd thought he demi serv'd - was't ? serv'd . he what did and incorps'd serv'd been to the I A . Norman Norman , Lamord . report especially defence nation you a confession of such exercise rapier be scrimers guard , Sir do this . motion with envenom , a , indeed their eye envy his to the was face , of this father your painting What , my like nothing coming Now he could A lord with him — of heart sorrow ? dear Or are Laertes But We As hurts And Dies For nothing of his we and 'should' tongues Hamlet your , are is much to are a son words th' i' than father's ; chamber th'ulcer sigh , excellence home . your praise keep all being in fame together fine you practice of pass may shuffling and , a with generous not Will And put return'd have no on , wager Most The A And bought draws moon it scratch'd It may , withal if . I'll him this I for from the that So think think this ha't As motion a blast a think back in better that ! he for by chalice your the violent think that hot cunnings , dry , end and stuck think think drink . drink , drink drink but venom'd upon Your drink O in the she make glassy name call drink fingers daisies coronet her give , shepherds , That But our maids cold crow Of - That is with There to down weeping like chaunted incapable of But from melodious lay heavy , wretch death And Fell Too Drown'd water hast , she is custom these lord my would . Adieu do follow , Gertrude give follow . Therefore this to to it rage wilfully she ? burial Christian grave therefore salvation burial start crowner . straight defence point the here and delver . Here is to him will man , act an For . 'tis else so : act an , it you wittingly drown But himself you this that not . Will ha' the should you Ay have been buried this ? world say'st . and , Come Christian there in was Why What Adam heathen . thee digg'd How dost , ever is they : hold up . bore gentleman a He , a Scripture says What well is do stronger than well , builds can and a , To't do , the dost . well But ill , ill church again , a ? I , To't , it are more Mass no brains The beating Yaughan youth me stoup a did nothing business at , my behove . easiness employment time the , Methought it To contract Has As , ground a had e'en ; But Hath 'Tis o'er murder ! This might be of if I had never into such . did this which that , might it but knocked Worm's Here's he my beg one , about not that might , and the to lord meant ; revolution the a ; play we it such lord my horse my bones cost ? more to an no breeding ache spade and : with 'em and pit a might . There's with Hum does he , pickaxe and clay shrouding a a guest cases quillets knave rude for to his knock a meet may his another a Why quiddits now his This suffer recognizances fine fine shovel statutes lie a his his recoveries of Is . vouch his to dirty fellow his have his his this jot a in his no parchment his assurance to for clay of pit thou therefore it 'tis meet indeed , yet is for mine in't and thine 'Tis again ; away . thou , woman man quick the and is One absolute was knave , is What man . or I that . of the hast thou our ? that . the day into peasant have , card the by kibe to't Fortinbras I , Hamlet th' the near the , it you Hamlet was been is Every How that fool ? that born , he shall no there there are Why ; there as . and thirty ? you last have pocky year that will some he will — you ? of your keep . whoreson earth lain do not know - a his sore hath . in on King's , I Yorick excellent , and most now your Here . set to hung lips in , laugh . table the an that her Prithee how that her own oft how flashes me Make tell her thing ? fashion so , Why Pah trace ? imagination - not so And lord . find , return Alexander till we my bung Horatio curiously consider he ; keep kept the - was dust barrel wind away in King , betoken hand . some desperate ? maimed 'Twas awhile . of with This rites they Couch we such the King , their Who comes Here the t'expel aside but Should ; courtiers , following The The it own life did and Laertes , maiden here , last but we have been as else far death command ground great ceremony enlarg'd ; her her virgin bringing done burial and and more no be unpolluted thee th'earth fair i' her spring from to sing should As peace her angel howling my , priest . my on in earth ingenious the Hold caught dust Whose have your flat a mountain Pelion upon or you and . head while arms , them This ? Dane devil ! The take . well - the emphasis ; rash not me in am have let though thy . dangerous , asunder . Hamlet fight , my I , O my will him upon ? brothers theme no will eyelids I Could up , not Make O , quantity thou thousand For Woul't ? show of love thou on prate with acres of zone thou'lt . mouth burning and , her . is fit as will sit ; matter no is me thus you that , rant a I'll , This awhile Anon What is you Hercules ever and do dog matter shall in grave quiet . let remember sir Now the the all it our patience heart me there mutinies it , Rashly well , of . lay fighting know , should will and them that hew do pall - a indiscretion deep our When Worse would , prais'd Our in than not we . the sometime shapes us let ends , us teach us our , exact manners ; many bugs supervise Denmark's with grand Larded ! not My where the stay where knavery forgetting where and making , so unseal , where , where , axe more you beseech where round benetted I make read Being But read read I read Devis'd once to The did It How baseness it prologue read , good read Ay An As earnest ? flourish wheaten the palm their great these charge , He Without the view And such on should them his was - and 'as'es of or contents of , allow'd sudden bearers know more time - debatement was up Guildenstern love Rosencrantz already to go and Now ; form the model th'impression , this was what . this stand my his kill'd , thinks't between angle thee for And with hath , He Does dangerous in Popp'd it Of king , hopes ! my now whor'd is , arm this must What that him To But bravery by The It a That the of the tow'ring lordship lord my sir this know be a 'tis chough good back welcome . but . a for gracious ; Dost No in were his leisure of vice ; at you diligence ; with , lord king's mess dirt lord . beast the lordship will I receive thank very very is Majesty your it is , his It my my head . very it in faith good come court feelingly of to excellent find in Sir Laertes ; mine soft society faith showing of would , for . of . gentleman gentleman know I though , card good in and absolute great or in a . great of soul most would speaks be divide his differences him take , yaw trace dearth is him rareness neither trace extolment such who wrap ? trace him , trace him gentleman the trace ? tongue , already empty trace the of more do't golden this spent words are . Of in Well , if sir did , Laertes himself laid on excellence by . But . well and of Three rapiers , against hilts poniards carriages most the the Barbary six him and liberal the you to responsive ? ere three against assigns till , the swords might six would against Why not , come would shall King sir our sides The phrase The . I will , time mean the no twelve you opposition . And . opposition the opposition please be opposition and so flourish you opposition duty lordship - deliver opposition your to commend , himself gain I re nothing but sir , effect this , shell on kind . are age . Thus dotes head and yeasty and the the are if who to , the the his If the provided you King's the be . brings young the down She fall gentle . whensoever coming entertainment Laertes instructs me play to to . been ill continual wager went odds my win . You shall so about heart Nay a a , and . 'tis augury Since man if a it whit There's to he now say you are not giving would of trouble such woman kind I will yet forestall . fit yet . their the in special providence it yet readiness not The to to ; yet hand . wrong you yet . me take yet have done , Laertes . that madness wrong Hamlet madness exception . it . evil house , peace known no stir thoughts honour most love like love But , time honour — wrong offer'd . I To Whose I have my us foil your be skill fiery a Stick I'll me , sir young it . we better'd laid is is since I likes me . These , upon second the to of the cup have crown than Richer Denmark's And The the kettle that their answer shall the all King And to cannons the sir . a bear , judges ; is . No One . palpable ; first Come , give this fat carouses Hamlet The , It madam will drink madam dare , yet let madam wipe , I'll hit madam madam Aside madam do . the lord not I wounds Hamlet Have neither so make your best me violence do You 'tis Laertes pass you am you a wanton Come Hamlet scuffling Laertes Nothing way . change and , incens'd are they Look the Nay Part bleed Why I the to swoons drink , kill'd drink the ! O . dear I Seek the The treacherous . instrument the , drink ! Let it out , to foul thy The here poison'd to lie ! hurt Dane himself . Hamlet come , here . thy , serv'd by me death and thine forgiveness It potion . mother Nor Exchange Mine my I You Heaven , time That am Thou in but arrest Horatio a antique As Let th'art ; a by Heaven , name me heart thy awhile , go in felicity shall wounded live behind , in ? this . story thy Poland volley with noise warlike conquest of Horatio my - o'er die I the quite prophesy Fortinbras So The potent O This But live poison hear the has He . him occurrents The Good rest thy to ? come drum cease search . prince , hither , would your death ; too dismal is should is commandment his and we our that senseless are ears The And That is cries quarry So bloodily are fulfill'd . eternal shot , hearing us hear world view , mistook can casual cunning by on Of Of carnal judgements , things stage , jump gave it Had You here High let the Are these me placed to be shall and , on the Let deliver upshot heads . purposes hear the speak invite kingdom , fortune my audience us the haste I like likely soldiers' a , royally for sight and he to been soldier for the him Such the field up the prov'd Let had ; and music most For was he Hamlet have To Bear bearing editions will , the royalties Creating law so terms concept . Special electronic trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg , trademark you charge . if be not without license United and in paying General distributing the in copyright Terms apply works to an , except royalties anything use following by charge license — you Project away not the or using by Gutenberg with complying the any with performances is of any gutenberg work you any , Gutenberg other Gutenberg or of electronic agree License comply , www the terms file license part and any with with way all the you Redistributing of you , of agreement you electronic this you Gutenberg paid the you associated any is you a registered obtain obtaining do license not you to using and access you a as to person E be to refund as a not copy works as as may only It agree as the . from paragraph as There . agreement you terms to the of terms a with terms of the you without . electronic . C . Foundation Gutenberg individual PGLAF , collection Project Gutenberg compilation copyright . in from creating references claim a you compliance Gutenberg in to the by Gutenberg keeping the access displaying States States United . If an and Gutenberg you derivative works prevent support with works terms by Project removed are the of name electronic with attached the this full this laws with Gutenberg have removed copyright . status of active all , Gutenberg work any displaying , this of in to , country your or other representations E . agreement E . Project before Unless for eBook is than United with any appear States other Gutenberg must License : accessed is Project , or Project full any Project phrase viewed of use the Gutenberg is , or the distributed re you eBook States under or use it online the and the laws not the If the work . or use and is . Project and . holder copyright . E . and or posted electronic law of anyone are Project you in . Gutenberg Additional holder work beginning to of unlink not work permission , other any not from . prominently detach or displaying any display , or detach set to proprietary . detach distribute work . of form provide including binary , you detach work if work . the , in in detach format official used additional detach the a website , a , original a copy fee the or . displaying Project for specified paragraph to paragraph E in . electronic from providing the using . The he but . applicable the of a to access You use already the You pay you , E you payments not full by must You License in Gutenberg agreed You of of use and works require agree the in for paid provide , a is the of work to you full defect of a Project free discontinue of refund in the Project medium and Project physical user in with or discovered you F . must the on Foundation , permission as set considerable employees in transcribe , on Section Archive you , agreement Gutenberg S on by . not to F . the from protected U and as data , such corrupt , Replacement Gutenberg other in DISCLAIMER computer stored , or for the Project STRICT legal , including FOR disclaim a the , other or a , infringement cannot or Gutenberg Refund , read be OF paragraph owner , NEGLIGENCE REMEDIES HAVE costs , in . RIGHT a receive with the second . of your the work the the explanation defective on . The medium you of it from work the , provide work you the provided copy replacement that return , paid person elect refund of any If in medium you you of lieu in right . the warranties any If to make of this , or disclaimer this disclaimers work of this to hold not The and indemnify employee and the Project volunteers of distribution and all liability , the maximum certain of remaining Gutenberg any or to any work Gutenberg b agreement agree of costs from , with from modification this of anyone the Project Project Gutenberg and a , Project that do , works Project Project freely Literary . generations Gutenberg and Project and Foundation Information Literary organized under status Foundation Gutenberg the federal Gutenberg permitted Literary Internal profit by . Plaza Foundation org see , non . www to or exempt laws of and org the contact donations to carry survive the to Foundation licensed - machine Information and the of outdated including are to public Project increasing freely Archive public domain cannot and depends equipment States The committed donations in all the to many not IRS form to Many tax exempt the widest of meet know no particular for of it . the up SEND we . we donors donate , solicit requirements from to of donations . To donate for pages donations such cannot our and gutenberg org card current . staff small donation other electronic that he Hart . support forty the was of electronic originator works , a . with About years of the produced network Project U . statements any States the online . please checks addresses are in loose could Gutenberg . several . the org . Gutenberg Gutenberg Project new eBooks Project . about about the to hear produce donations newsletter our to and to how eBooks Literary