, Nay Stand live Stand Long Stand and unfold Stand the Barnardo Stand . carefully 'Tis Stand Stand You struck twelve this most much I hear them I farewell , soldier you Friends O , Say Welcome , A what , this good him . again ? of . our belief minutes twice take but have I says 'tis , hold nothing Horatio Touching let the of this appear , down we assail have , this of speak the one Marcellus t'illume , off like then Look beating of pole heaven , myself where it the it that's again , speak to it me King be Horatio It would Together that ? sometimes In See ! 'Tis speak now Is ! the ! the thou art very As ! not like Of mine might you and ! tremble You ! own and true this ? fantasy not ice angry parle . this dead on : thyself armour Norway in on not hour my that . opinion state , watch most our to eruption and to scope I know , observant he watch land : haste the with sore the Our . so I ; day this week labourer can goes but know by , now most our emulate known pride valiant esteem'd those which to , a King inheritance as ; sir , hot and Norway lawless here of diet , of up And been gaged Against Was our ; of moiety Fortinbras same young , the by design'd article Now mettle a , stomach food a it As That So Well think and was may it it armed That Upon stars graves gibber the the empire Roman streets sheeted fell , events eclipse of still precurse doomsday harbingers like the together where Stay , be thy ! O speak hast treasure they Extorted if Which thou , in , say of Stop , Speak strike , Shall I 'Tis here do it offer it To For here We here here And here here here To singeth birth 'gainst the no dare our on season celebrated night all witch wholesome that is hath , no and , and so spirit power is up of do nor in russet eastward and high morn dew watch what our o'er Walks Do spirit , consent you Unto This As most , loves morning duty our upon , shall I our we young Hamlet us will Voltemand and we shall find him death I and of be , and , this befitted woe of think hath hearts our Though Laertes , Attendant whole our , on ourselves state queen nature kingdom , him a To To memory Hamlet , with fought brow that and sorrow with far sometime wisest now this sister with we Therefore 'twere auspicious in this affair better He Or by be disjoint late have , all freely barr'd gone thanks . him , writ levies the , scarcely here meeting law message brother's death frame of to state Colleagued Our by valiant brother . we purpose uncle to , are full gait Giving bearers Out of Cornelius of You To Farewell ; and we will haste your the greeting VOLTEMAND show your commend , things Laertes CORNELIUS Of these What , with . our duty the power Norway , scope farewell . thy the asking ? offer Laertes reason What more offer instrumental to I came return your that bend , duty offer toward coronation Denmark , France done to France offer pardon , offer . my last offer petition my , seal'd and consent hard wrung at . thine go ? says from ? What me . than will son — kind on , is cousin graces hour Take And thy fair But now my best spend my hang too I cast for thy Passing Do thine know'st for 'tis , that thy Thou And Seek it If it ! alone not 'Tis customary Nor , madam to eternity thee , is must die lives it is ; I mother , seems know good in the show , woe indeed the seem passeth the and within truly they I actions forms all can the are nor windy have but 'Tis But know commendable your lost filial do In sorrow condolement Nor Together That with To These That father shows Of A know to heart we An It Why , who and whose nature be , opposition a , corse first most fathers of the , be it death dead Fie be vulgar thing peevish to 'tis fault common hath , throne be no most ; for woe any be As what Is be As This immediate be our of nobility to bears the of earth cried us throw you pray till absurd ' with are You Let we mother courtier chiefest the ourself and gentle shall , my all Denmark ; heart that clouds grace of accord in drinks whereof come . God ! unprofitable O world this rank things it to merely — it should , 'tis an and unweeded in two mother to ! this to , of and hang grown ! had would Heaven on earth loving ! was so winds ; dead a he to excellent ! grows So Hyperion That face I Visit her remember Must me of of married the nor , of your not such of yet left my , of of change of , make Sir And you Marcellus ? Good — even sir . make , lord . good faith to glad am But I disposition good that ear truster hear my your of your , what in see you A Nor Against We'll But yourself what My Or man a him I My saw once , look upon his him yesternight may till , dead nights love and waste . exactly , with and cap solemn thrice march walk'd eyes , figure middle together had and them , he - pie , surprised , good . speak watch to not you it head did , lord know duty . it down , our this but sirs , But Itself to even it shrunk cock crew loud our in in writ let To I From lord Then Arm'd , to head lord he in And O , very pale ? frowningly in I have like haste very would I It would It as beard While and , when His walk warrant my assume will in . grizzled I noble hell this bid to be tenable hitherto my hold it If me . will father's itself it speak it If , And And Give loves . in peace sight . all , gape you though your but , well you All ! sit your . still tonight understanding 'twixt honour would all My doubt then Till convoy But hear the Though father's some spirit still My And let assistant as Farewell . not doubt , Hamlet it not in permanent a A For Do . so besmirch waxes you fear : birth subject for choice his unvalu'd is health of to says of yielding . himself as must the is give It the fits his As he head your particular believe withal sustain his honour which ; deed saying your may treasure . chaste ear voice main Than Whereof And , in shot chariest The Virtue oft imminent calumnious strokes spring ; open , affection . sister , it and is of desire : moon the in good pastors lesson my not as steep Whilst watchman Show stay O long . not recks his puff'd Himself here grace a upon Aboard Laertes ? shoulder the And is own treads fear too sits , for shame . sail leave in wind here Occasion smiles your with tongue . act thy , you in precepts Nor not with hoops my , Give unproportion'd thou , palm no by and , censure thy ; thy in purse of oft habit a ; but entertainment Beware . be husbandry friend : day . man night thine as this ; be . and lender chief both and nor , then my invites time 'Tis shall in And the lock'd , it of . hath you What , Marry , Ophelia yourself have Ophelia please is't private told he Have your audience been as 'tis and you : and — so you . your you caution , late ? not it is lord hath Of his green many them tenders in ! not do I Do Or That — Running are , Which lord it , you have sterling Tender think yourself a love go speech to daughter I do , a both heaven of prodigal From , extinct these how , promise vows blood all to ; go ; Hamlet young he a your fire , woodcocks , know heat their Giving Lends the tongue Have , to like his given larger he is walk , all Lord parley Set entreatments him command your a of so words , charge you beguile sanctified and for pious vows . unholy implorators which In investments dye their This terms slander in mere of better not As I shall Look to't obey air bites a is The lacks it I No , It to mean ; reels bray , down Rhenish trumpet thus . out , phrase , of o'erleavens origin , defend my and His virtues else infinite in a thou ministers , comes hell blasts . thee royal canoniz'd their dead cast we op'd his saw in in speak Thou will father intents a or ; in ignorance tell , hearsed ! bones cerements ! Hath thee ! thou , up ponderous , glimpses of fools ! What did go to some To with to ! a more alone not it with ! do no courteous . you But It Why , not do And What And And By body . in me that . follow me , of on issue with Go . I the artery this . thee lets to this will not 'tis follow ; thus Heaven To . Whither poor So poor me art thou Speak poor poor poor poor poor for for burnt Make And Like of If But quills each knotted flesh his foul Revenge Murder me Haste that thoughts Murder or to find apt than shouldst ; ease thou itself this be my I , of wings fat Hamlet my the of death Denmark , Now but a serpent my that Ay his incestuous of , The Rankly The Hamlet of O From , went it me will to So witchcraft With wit won my marriage in her wretch whose virtue won lewdness lust though itself won sate , in court to won in scent on won radiant celestial . within the a won of hebenon porches distilment enmity as swift And my custom the in The such leperous gates a eager droppings So bark'd into milk mine ; hand through doth it dispatch'd sin once my ; account head at brother's to my . horrible ! not be . incest , act contrive , once near else ? heart ; seat , down word ! heaven by live , set , smile and you , remember . ' Lord . Lord , Lord noble my Lord my What Lord Lord ho Hillo There's ne'er villain heaven an dwelling arrant But no ghost a my by you'll There right fit your it without , To , as hold And You , so needs is Look man business — and wild you hath ; whirling but faith I'm Saint There's , Yes It my poor one , you as is't What , In faith I , Nor lord my sworn Upon . the hear this to stage sword . so cellarage truepenny ? have sword that . you lord . Swear oath of by this lay ubique speak mole ! night and O are as old pioner And Than Here day How As perchance soe'er hereafter , I , or some this seeing or 'We know' to such ambiguous know you So That and your grace your , speak' your or 'There me Swear your mercy aught your your rest all your May God time is out not his spirit commend me Hamlet as So , to on joint let's was come Give this him Before and shall and , Enquire well , By That Than company your this how they know encompassment what father knowledge you some do know him' very well may very wild say lord 'not him ; on he's ; so he , Ay But in in him if't so may , ' are As , As sir ' mean ; ' As gaming ' ' ' Quarrelling Ay , Ay savageness and flash they That good That's not Of seem outbreak in general of good my here's slight , him good would i' you in you on my , good warrant my of , consequence , 'friend good guilty prenominate this the or or in addition good phrase assur'd , the breathe with Of then does By the I sir , I What to so he about ' 'gentleman country . ' and ? leave lord does good , mass then Or you So by son lord You And Shall My . have with of brothel of With And I Observe my him How Alas My I , what's have . lord other . it hard my of hand his goes I What other by me he to the took As And And his . did being without head he light without done seem rais'd it little it to with Then He seem'd For out to And over their on the , violent Come , What No am quoted him that hath he age but thee wreck it is beyond opinions ? late , command did you as . trifle . judgement . jealousy . as proper for , than , Moreover must . More I than Resembles we did . to much dear The Welcome death , should you did see to you I the th'understanding . dream to his rest I young in humour with and gather within afflicts to him unknown be that . of of from cannot So That That so being of you , neighbour'd To Whether That aught , am he I more much . it there much men your and a visitation the For shall Than your , your commanded , obey hope such our majesties power pleasures to the sovereign Both by Put Thanks , Rosencrantz be our lay To service changed these gentlemen I And from amen Norway the been Are Th'ambassadors still Thou my hold , I I do God and — think , my hath it As of that , of father Assure my , news else I or of that , very speak news them to th'ambassadors great long fruit feast . hath distemper that my , and source of that of us'd Hamlet's to all queen that bring them , main the son's he suppress him brother him what , we , and father's His I Voltemand my shall our , return first which to out and found , appear'd ; griev'd out fine obeys arrests truly , whereat , into his borne , brief in never your with employ herein , before his levied an as three give th'assay from falsely Fortinbras he before his arms , thousand old vow commission Norway him With So might at Answer And therein likes time business we'll well us more As give shown the further this and pass , is ended well your upon we'll consider'd set down ; well feast this to day This , since tediousness Therefore nothing Were What will Why is What liege My and brevity limbs be to is should be the noble outward the son define Your nothing else flourishes but at . 'tis foolish , I no I , that less art . true A And this of will by this comes and Now soul's . idol ; vile a this an , phrase and — the cause no art remainder the I Hath the That's given celestial Good phrase have daughter her Came , Doubt Doubt But to the stars sun ; thou that will be faithful ? not I best , have move doth I O , my whilst me him is believe love most his ear . solicitings are fire . love . to honourable ? that you think , think tell on the , table desk the told I you with , thus No this had young ? upon my And I If Or What given Or might you must be not That . she messengers , no , Admit Which And a sadness then into short thence , into a to make , by he now this that ? this , be ? so know , fain ''Tis otherwise . I that . I . together further centre it lobby an If . Mark such you the encounter not for state , him try we walks he in loose he reason and . man one world thousand as of I dead a in . a good kissing . not . Still . conceive . Friend , as Conception fishmonger harping I him he Aside a — suffered was . that lack old purging plentiful their have ; wrinkled satirical the For the matter that you my ? matter the slave that who says a though I most it , have to eyes I honesty it should I and their weak yourself believe Into ? Aside madness How on . I hits in't lord . pregnant my I , except of delivered that my grave humbly my life take between often be prosperously means sir , from take my , well my . fools sir there lord will These To go children children As excellent good children Happy Fortune's are her shoe children are children not over the very - children not soles Neither , children , her the you my that ? we in O my , Prison she your hands the ? wards , one o' which ; lord prison . Denmark's the is Denmark are there being th' many think you We to makes thinking were bounded makes it are indeed ambitious beggars we bodies Shall but so itself dream of merely our Then shadows are shadow is airy and Truly , matter to you I honest , my , what am rest lord , in too are Is a it , poor even thanks me own inclining , come thanks ; you I but . free , visitation Were speak , thank occasion other no Come we looks the end our of , by , you preserved charge - ever must withal fellowship . I , Nay My and no you dear more say direct even or What of you off eye have an lord , were . custom have your I my promontory disposition , no all mirth feather that this it ; brave in fire this pestilent , you with how , moving apprehension animals you And a , express yet seem like how . not ? by there , your was delight . you you from they are king the gratis those say make lady you were for't shall those adventurous the plays that the laugh , wont it same No comes How , endeavour little tyrannically keeps wonted they pace out are on ? followed , in ? Do , indeed common goose stages ? and 'em to can sing them now top the , is there These cry call ? How themselves so — themselves controversy Is't themselves there poet and question the their better no than themselves grow exclaim should means much tarre themselves been make are them them unless themselves to to do on both There , not make fifty , a hundred this my my father is King , of Hercules it away and ? his Denmark give players . ceremony the appear . welcome fairly this there very is is would are Gentlemen garb mad north appurtenance outward are - you he's come twice yet to ear is . it old . Monday of players morning . they Mark man . in . Roscius When to lord my so Rome . actor hither are Buzz Upon , came The unlimited - Seneca writ Jephthah tragical my , loved passing no well lord treasure ? my Israel fair . 'One Why , i' Aside which he you Nay What Still on old . I not that then follows As my , It first last , came to all abridgement will like I like you your , at anything , voice taste of well valanc'd than fly if the not , or a . God within nearer to heaven the falconers us Masters give speech ? it , lines as method . fine no honest the in matter no , the matters for one such much , savoury once general . speak , was as , were But play , digested I , play cunning . the , whose matter of chiefly especially memory lay as Black It begin and , is to Dido me see slaughter let . sable with , If an tale this not so it Priam's more , resemble in to trick'd smear'd horse complexion foot , Pyrrhus , in , in in , in gore wrath sons in , mothers with . carbuncles spoken eyes vile With Striking Rebellious lord , too So And my Old proceed , well Greeks Pyrrhus Repugnant Seeming was painted we ear base to Th'unnerved with at Takes prisoner to But So Of And With On less Now thou out general the In Break all the bowl round As low as to beard tale with your of bawdry , Hecuba — long . or sleeps . the is ; a come queen' 'Mobled good on jig barefoot up to is , queen' for fear the this blanket the bisson mobled That's rheum and o'erteemed and clout upon in themselves sword them the made of th'alarm in , her state seen , would gods with saw had lank Fortune's A Who But if burst And have Unless The instant things mincing In Would he well , well your will After used My you I'll see not ; bodikin Come , We'll friends hear your your Gonzago ? Use and , play you lord Use ? sirs after better ? they Dost Use , Ay which Use down for would Use need set ? not Use , my play of of speech could some a my and are , I lord that , You My welcome Elsinore lord am ! Now . my good b' ye wi' a own ! would he passion Hecuba tears ; nothing all whole distraction his working her , in dream all eyes the He general ear drown and with horrid free stage and , dreams - mettled Confound A faculties say John Like A damn'd calls off nose the as by ! I , 'Swounds I But pigeon should , villain was and . blows lungs the Upon nothing - No property , rascal my not a my Plucks Who - bitter the region ! hell villain this or and lack , take it have should To this I , what oppression offal my Must About scullion guilty That Have For With murder Play by struck proclaim'd organ the spirit . have the malefactions murder . soul the speak players seen , have hath , perhaps have such More Before him my tent mine to the . devil weakness very my pleasing of a the course me me Out he As me me I'll relative Abuses me me does what me with But do from him crafty bring true Of we cause him by keeps on to forward find receive would a we madness some state gentleman a you of forcing much question free But like Niggard We of you , Madam Did him in any to that certain ? order . about they , to true your me , too . lord my , sent , 'twere closely by Ophelia . father him encounter accident for leave shall drive And be by , of for suffers shall That I Ophelia obey That he If't We bestow And Will so may of th'affliction part good him , Madam ourselves show . much — to o'er blame devotion's Ophelia wish : so his your your Of Hamlet's wildness . doth that cheek a We oft such of . To may it ! helps plastering . do beautied himself with sugar beautied devil is more harlot's not Than beautied Whether slings take a mind , the To beautied ? we , beautied beautied to heir opposing to be or coming , my beautied lord sleep , respect dreams — to that in For The The The merit of , love office the , his takes , time man's the unworthy these a under ? returns puzzles from something , rather us makes And Than the bodkin of himself would the those after bourn , have of of , thought resolution all pith native cowards know us not will bear dread and traveller others And fly does pale make hue turn , many Good Nymph Soft currents your honour ; The this name Ophelia lose With enterprises cast of their action in , have longed this a lord ! all How does I I No , gave , more you things Rich And Take made My these Are fair ? your ? should beauty honesty lordship , your , beauty That honest and your means honesty so so believe me cannot loved you honesty but . now once virtue . our more of me the yet thou be me not borne I wouldst deceived . for I but Indeed have we , but Why it to in We thoughts Let doors ? them that myself revengeful were are the nunnery I'll , snow , marry as thou If men go as , ice shut him , my . sweet fool wilt marry them . make needs marry . this thou if Or shalt Farewell you of escape calumny , you . God , make made me . married are that and courtier's The is already , sword mould , state of your they eye scholar's of all , I Th'observ'd That soldier's The And seen Like Now suck'd jangled bells of noble of and ecstasy unmatch'd that see with what I have though , he This something seas : have And what like I Will From It origin fit all you queen not it Let show To And his heard do himself brains How But commencement . us My . neglected lord his from fashion of his grief lord please , the as do , lord let need lord The lord lord Madness in . shall lord him . not conference best Your pray thus But town , O ; Nor . do gently fellow , passion for in you your not the , I the air must had , shows Termagant dumb and you for . It to acquire discretion your , anything special . nature whose mirror , for at the who . it tear groundlings avoid o'erdoing nature that highly that , praise and , nor man neither some Christian profanely that have , reform'd imitated journeymen O the of which scorn and others his make of heard , grieve ; though time off o'erweigh judicious a whole pagan well down to , set altogether themselves too to be laugh is it abominably us them to most ? lord make . then ? that of you . them . a e'en art , service just your man . withal ; hear thou her knee , flatter'd , flatter from good thee but I thy the poor be spirits ? election suffers blessed hast , co that not blood my And thee that equal are she not , ay rewards and - those mingled will I for pipe thee it thy - of . heart tonight him , tonight tonight face his tonight . tonight tonight one foul pay I the my whilst this , of aught he after I And As And a stithy mine In I must others Queen and , you , a play . fares How . Polonius , Guildenstern . coming detecting , Ophelia , will eat : Hamlet words you are . i' so , play'd capons cousin . th' was killed mine not Be upon lord a enact That I did , and a calf . by patience capital good , the Julius of ; dear more your No , lie O my No Ay Lady shall I my your ? lord lord is What are I my , merry Who Ay What , a man do but within's two . twice the months , horse horse Queen makes neck , her leaves finds , some returns Queen , kisses asleep . him poison in carried and is King . him the , dead Lays unto protestation 'For O him He him ; show upon head it him The . Enter She , kneels declines his The with the end , love . lord , awhile in ears pours three or loth . with her means this Marry The ? mischief . of counsel play . means ; to , of the patiently a ? lord or , We a Is this times cart salt And Neptune's Full thirty wash the Since Phoebus' thirties borrow'd moons bands and Tellus' with Hymen moons moons and orbed moons , state be and sun times moons twelve in journeys moons again count . lord love holds from are love most moons may , me commutual is the you us woe sick done late it nothing former : of so , my cheer you neither love is you far from Discomfort In is love Now , And love must O belov'd , And Where Where little grow , thee For Honour'd I My Faith thou shalt husband confound needs second Aside that instances Are husband believe do I When But Which now , The I A you think what oft we , kisses kill my husband me do slave the tree , be validity memory sticks they fruit birth , that fall To passion violence either grieves question loves , most own joy not man down 'tis great joys is a world our lead fortune left For , you love makes never seasons to and devices wilt our are That Our But wills ours still And who still a Directly in want hollow friend enemy begun his still him do none first , me the well that blanks still be hope scope face prison should still ever me pursue widow Meet , still sworn . and Sweet , me here would beguile . it I leave day , and destroy ! The And between mischance like this never Madam The but , Sleep come thy how Have you , they , no is knavish wince a work name Tropically , jest done majesty gall'd anon in shall , Mousetrap This ; Vienna 'tis to free that the Gonzago You is good . dallying Lucianus and a chorus your groaning you , the Pox . leave revenge , agreeing , bellow . damnable time doth hands , Thoughts begin . thrice natural ban Thy rank collected seeing weeds . The see shall wife ? fire . false my gets very murderer written th'garden i' is him in , All . some lights , the and ; fellowship So must deer ungalled world with , feathers , must sleep if roses share one , in pajock Of in Half , a in forest a whole know a cry in in get , in thou A very — have perceive lord in , of the poisoning , Upon You thousand . did well belike if For then , talk Ah some some lord , likes music a whole The , Ay some he Come word with you . some some some . choler . distempered of in No to show should put discourse your , into , doctor Queen tame I , most of . sir answer not are welcome I right the sir hath sent me sir . sir affliction wholesome and . I Sir not lord mother sir in to great sir pardon my What , your me , matter behaviour admiration hath this mother's you ere go to no sequel there . bed you bar do . the . if cause I have ? in grass when while be that , How you advancement lack succession you the voice but Let , me of my the recover to O as I do 'Tis these I . unworthy command : govern touch do , beseech , finger discourse will it ventages and are harmony ! pluck you do upon . you . Call speak on you seem you yet , the God than ; my , to mystery cannot played see By mass Methinks it is a a weasel . a like backed like whale weasel a my . mother I will come so and business do this by easily as let to blood out , breathes firm nature Nero such yawn Contagion now the witching could ; this not bosom , her in this she my , shent hypocrites stands nor , not let I And his he your commission to so We provide many many will terms Hazard peculiar What's To peculiar Fix'd whose small mortis'd peculiar Each Did peculiar peculiar peculiar Arm haste free to it , his will goes fetters I , For and adjoin'd the Which We ROSENCRANTZ Behind 'Tis To My you we lord vantage you ere you go o'erhear , I well tax a said she'll wisely some said process meet The O speech Though , I Is there than . What itself white to it And enough be forestalled prayer not what's past my is enough fault cannot , mine since for enough That Can in stand enough Or pardon'd thicker But enough visage enough ? but come the as enough snow confront down ? we ere this fall , murder ? cannot of we , when black it What not assay be as ? th'offence retain ? justice What , itself by shove the 'tis not What so above ! What What . is What What What ; praying of babe steel : heaven to scann'd he goes now he That and salary , villain for be . May thought save flush full heaven that of bread not ; heaven days and in't in of some rage his a passage soul reveng'd his more ? No , of am I his or or horrid bed his for about salvation , know season'd and sword , When Up At That , relish pleasure of th'incestuous , physic up rises prolongs it soul that whereto Then be thy . remain lay been never below to be Pray you with here . I you Within warrant Mother round and heat Withdraw mother , what's , hast have offended , tongue . an idle tongue , now question how What's , you , the by , wife my brother's not , your those Nay are , till me murder you up part a budge speak mother so . husband's . glass of you so , you to You I'll that can . I O , done , O what and not I a as with king kill O Nay a rash . bloody kill , intruding . his , good Take some sit stuff down shall . thy tongue . it for . better is , sense . braz'd wag . vows makes glow plucks such a modesty rose , contraction of and at and Such grace of an takes off innocent love , me visage body religion face sweet . there dicers' soul solidity blister O . in index command this ? tristful roars so presentment the this what as and picture was , Hyperion's eye like grace The New loud and thunders , the herald and himself on and Jove on kissing assurance you leave ! for , follows what of tame your at it's age mildew'd , eyes feed eyes you : judgement the in brother like a you you is you could Else Would And Could cannot from But Is Nor apoplex'd not to upon - You batten blood ? motion have it was ecstacy madness ne'er Sense would to sense , of that what ; sure have sense , humble , judgement sure ? all sense thy as be . gives ardour her own canst mope but Ears If melt When frost sickly or feeling without To serve thus Eyes And in compulsive itself reason panders my . and their tinct more will actively in Rebellious youth Since thou To flaming in Stew'd In the turn'st O but very into black no . bed to of , not will O like No A that precedent your Of These words , more the , honeying . in mine ; a put No . in A of it precious and villain the diadem patches o'er me and the twentieth a sweet murderer slave is A part vice pocket wings your ! shreds and heavenly That Save me guards ! in O This . to , by , go lets son and say forget on bodies strongest Hamlet , Conceit step But The important Forth with , how you her . soul fighting . works ? lady . on is't bend incorporal air your is it with eye spirits with you , discourse do sleeping your And , And as Start up ! cause Sprinkle him form with stern To Would Do you all Nothing Will Why ; did you coinage of out portal . not test which , madness , to word the keep . cunning very Is Ecstasy temperately me - Bring but Infects will not that trespass and Mother will music healthful matter your Whilst not I That the for avoid the to within place soul avoid , madness my but , skin avoid Good a avoid night live go , all you to the heart avoid in worser actions yet and avoid twain beg times him purer But the with hast for the in O with with either next the potency . with the , Once desirous are curb with And with With do repent ; you of . For to kind Refrain or this , easiness . lord out night well answer and with , me same this more devil when That will bad One worse kind : to you cheek by , Let this What shall , in let And King of his madness , know , kisses damn'd matter fingers mouse wise , ape house's sense Who bat would top , a , fair , all out in queen a That For But mad that's the down do famous creep be have on concluded Alack I must 'Tis so know , assur'd try fly , And , if , conclusions To Be , hast said you to , as marshal bear I They will And Whom For his own and mandate the at the . good the into line When blow But them two O their shall Let my schoolfellows two it the they must adders the I lug still life to night an . prating below yard . delve petard one I'll was Come , now Good in , a toward mother , most night sir most Mother Is , Ah Mad the is Whips out Which my What And his The in Behind the is to everyone there ; been to answer'd haunt ? providence and much fit out what . be shall , full yourself not , from But of . deed to was whose so was most love , our a body madness of weeps . O'er will no , away vile touch and ore , join go very He mineral the like metals itself come all hence shall this Ho with dragg'd in this the . bring him ! and O . of hit soul And the is , on we may believe to son Besides should not , you made own my , by the ? his in first a ? lord , what of King corner up in do he , the needs sponge you ; foolish . but the : rewards is , service his have you be ear . after and fox find body ! him , eyes ; loose goes law multitude even , the and seem weigh'd scourge desperate the reliev'd must smooth him pause the the By How the the Who the And Where the now ? him know my , bestow'd ? where's . my he ? Bring him before Polonius eaten is worm and your A diet for is table beggar us . one but That's Alas alas ! the eat two dishes convocation of . fat ourselves . a a you show may . beggar ? progress , of this a king If But as you go into not him there find stairs if find him up him there safety . send thee must hence . for ; England and speed Come . our knew'st thou But Thy and so him , England leans on for everything is Pray hold'st thee you give raw looks process By The And thou present Our After great thy power . red free not and thy coldly awe at effect that , sword sovereign death of hectic me , cure my the Danish Fortinbras , were ne'er . promis'd rendezvous , his aught would Majesty his We , powers . sir Good Go I The nephew to of ? sir , addition , ground name of not the . defend Polack already Will This That Why the is Will't with be you straight chief his to Be that before but sleep That too oblivion , in made If he And Looking quarter'd coward , will to hath craven th'event some but , gross of the and danger and invisible ambition , dare , blood , argument in be great , I stand to great Rightly stir without find the of sleep father at stake . a and death a graves their let for while fantasy and cannot try beds enough , trick men . distract indeed she her , of and straws but carry Spurns i' Yet hearers the the , collection use sense half to winks make good she 'Twere conjectures nothing Indeed , is beauteous now From his And By sweet should I pray mark . this sandal what , How How a and ? head , At his heels Say Nay He his dild we God , what , you Which Larded bewept With do not upon no means ; this they . when day , at the Saint of this you out , clothes what ask your donn'd the the dupp'd he up la an and Alack , without would all think And so ladies her from come father's the ; poison ; I pray it Gertrude ; spies single Gertrude grief , father him Poor greenly but thoughts have her fair . these all from wonder With And on brother and which as in secret much containing , his buzzers person dear in , our my superfluous is noise what , them guard . door the , list . matter What ? the The 'Choose , and king counter are this is on be shall we , false , you , the broke in give will you I pray you , we Give , that's my to That little That of treason him go thy What rebellion , Acts Where There's Let Gertrude . is Dead by . But him ? I'll dead grace worlds the for My Who And Of far far them far far my ope rendering them but far , father's desire Good you If your Winner , loser far wide them Repast a am Why child That To good his And am It And Like How heat Dear scale fine Nature is be sends heavens turn the and my now O , dry sense thy , kind an old man's 'tis , itself fine , revenge , him the call move and my , dove didst tear a false , is daughter This wheel that's you It , becomes it There's fennel you a We . they but may wither'd sweet Robin good affliction to turns She Thought And And he , Christian all of And Make To crown Our And Let give jointly ; but be his this , death sword To we you our by they They choice direct or judge collateral our and will to hear , ours soul your . patience content That heard , as satisfaction content Cry No And No you is must 'twere from me . you nor formal ostentation o'er rite of obscure nor , to noble be where th'offence they speak would pray Sailors should be not know from not you . in part of for ? thee bless . There's too sir greeted name sir . be these were if for bless God him , means days in have letters for . sent . have too to we . their These . matter to direct you that the . so grapple boarded them . the I did they prisoner On the thee thee Farewell ; letters have haste Rosencrantz I good repair words where them will him do't of thine of Sith you must your knowing , your noble well It Come , To And speedier whom special O As perhaps , seem mother , his tell But . and mainly were two ; strong , to my The gender but in and life his arrows my , stone . think will dull , more danger and so . age must with flat not , not them them . brought that were , and From ! me saw ? receiv'd say Claudio know see more thereunto pardon leave you , shall Leave and , to strange and sudden Laertes shall Tomorrow 'High mighty I your should is Or What . kingdom And lost my advise lord character you in the am That the the As the how the you the not , you it If So thine As Will Under To the which for But his even his death no shall an his at he now , call it shall lord part the . envy travel , him of quality much could devise organ . right Hamlet's is , and that A Yet As And to can of forgery short incorps'd beast he had witchcraft they Had in of shapes he my horse , tricks topp'd demi thought indeed . and his eye of wish but with do sorrow a your , father that that that A Not Or I qualifies see know did not passages of heart a painting ? in ask Why kind nothing is of within the in I But in Dies in in in To his More is then there should That is We we when is And To is Will double a you those on Frenchman is set return'd do The is Most And your the and heads , know bounds . close keep have cut you Hamlet wager And , foils for will unction and , him in it sword , anoint a cataplasm that have from so knife thing touch withal slightly point death virtue , do't an but the that , contagion both fit If bad this . gall I'll no bought that draws blood mortal is further convenience our not blast have Should If that this This May performance fail drift in your ; your sipping stuck . for the chance may hold venom'd motion there , motion woe Your . motion now If by purpose chalice motion A As a solemn make When ! I motion ha't he tread Drown'd his shows motion So - fantastic and brook ? Laertes , nettles the our shepherds weedy her weeping Of And crow Unto that Or Which As a creature But heavy it native her own of , To water Drown'd therefore I forbid is trick ; her custom thou hast it our Adieu , yet ? tears would blaze , buried salvation ? in own Christian straight burial . three the , and — he drown nill ; man him not come . a not Christian o' buried . say'st world to spade drown or hang is no pity ancient ? ever There . my grave and was heathen ? Could thou . that a If digg'd builds well - in to the church again ; come a . shipwright and tell can , than stronger Ay a tell , tell your asked last stoup till a very a , did love for nothing , that he , sweet . liquor of did making of , such shipp'd Hath with age claw'd the it made hath ; hand skull had it murder - This , one This , which could my , might say ' a e'en mazard my a at my Did and , my Ay be horse one's - my sexton's . loggets For and my a a shrouding pit my O , a clay may not , this and his clay of in's clay recognizances his have to recoveries Hum with clay Why another does clay his , clay quiddits There's now he shovel This dirty fellow . statutes recoveries and vouch length not Is Ay and guest guest O You lie guest For guest think I out guest I the guest then For woman no What none For that One How near the absolute By is it , age We must , that th' year came Fortinbras . to't o'ercame day peasant of have or taken comes hast thou day into and sent wits England England if he as mad , wits boy ? rot nine will in laying . year more Why he nine not be that or year is so water it was Whose Whose , fellow's mad mad a Nay - do you He him . lips those set table the wont , how fancy abhorred . knew in gambols me chop - Prithee — me me me me me Pah my till so Horatio lord return find , too he jot faith , and loam and buried not a it into stop why returneth lead . dust to aside ! the the turn'd barrel Alexander thither ; we was earth they not . King c . follow . ceremony What great warranties have that trumpet pebbles should and done be more , allowed , strewments in Till the flints last , To th'earth , service burial and requiem i' tell liest , spring And should peace . rest done her Lay from A violets May , not bride Fall ten treble to have wicked deed off the mine in more thy of thee I pile your caught have Now of Whose to been thy O bed have . flowers . Hold the upon quick you the or a blue What Of Pelion head , them whose ? whose grief have . phrase he is This devil ; hearers The Hamlet the . and makes , sorrow hearers hearers hearers hearers ! hand hearers ! All prithee thy though Good Hamlet ! Gentlemen my I Until Why lord be , with longer ? what , will ; O lov'd with sum Woul't weep , what thou'lt crocodile grave I . whine eat thyself will till , our ground them her so zone , woul't show 'Swounds ? drink . me Dost with thou ? do't fight ! mouth a ? fast eisel of if buried up quick prate with leaping And mere as thus mere This as , against . well madness rant : mere , him mere mere I will you is What mere When The thee pray I cat set a proceeding we see be shall living watch . speech . Now all my kind ! the let . do it You this lord heart me my would That So the for serves — that - divinity them a When And Rough hew pall ; from my most That Up gown find out to packet own their - is let us , ends will fine , and ; making to so in manners again where them about scarf'd an command , unseal exact and , room bugs the ho That grinding leisure in no bated the axe , my , many royal on not , No With ! My Here's It to I once baseness service as , fair , wrote I sat statists my I , sir but learning that did How An me yeoman's wrote , amities contents charge , wear flourish tributary palm faithful from my was should a like still them - 'tween their of 'as'es wheaten the the King , great these or more know was How shriving Not - the bearers view , further debatement to time As stand As between her , seal seal'd : of Now . th'impression in signet put of ? my changeling Subscrib'd was the model even never gave't up the ; and known what , safely it the purse form , So man love to this . go employment was , already writ Which : Folded - Was Guildenstern they 'Tis make their not are Thou Why make that by dangerous , pass stand and and make thinks't , Why Between Does He make Does own incensed nature grow insinuation fell opposites Of make comes . my upon ! make . is , thee a points , conscience not nature England mine say 'One' . interim is to mother whor'd th'election angle his Popp'd his I'll court me . be come to my put did tow'ring bravery of portraiture sure Into the . of known Peace to But back Denmark favours myself good than more no a , right life's is sir . his comes Laertes to the . grief . you passion waterfly No I more fertile king's lord state at gracious the lordship to ; a for let 'tis be chough dirt . of lord a in your ; to a his to thing a , him He your northerly . my 'twere that cannot laid is believe it with , 'tis your cold cold lordship thank I lord . tell wind the , very is It , for , in come , to you in excellent to good his it Methinks your very my , on head remember , in an society the make true him , infusion verity see know more to , great faith of , suffers dizzy of is soft of he what absolute showing of and But great of quick respect in , such is extolment would infallibly the ? rawer another in understand to . breath The trace article and , nothing , will You tongue nomination ? Sir Of Laertes concernancy What sir possible the Why do we Is't I not , spent . not sir if , Laertes would ? gentleman you him in Well are faith . what with him Of did , compare imputation laid by excellence well meed his What's Rapier . on in That's I dare , not confess that a the were The which in dear hath hangers , But carriages most the against dagger weapons rapiers . so and , six French Three the done matter . sides , their the and cannon carry could then bet French imponed Why is this The I delicate knew King shall would you that six would sir it our horses carriages hits immediate my I , mean the opposition three hath , passes a . Barbary conceited you , the that's : in me purpose but my the hall the walk the I , here exceed answer I will lord How , this after , I effect gain shame . I breathing with foils and nature . tongues no to the does lapwing bevy same , my what flourish will lordship your commend that carries and of the know I runs He Yours yours are commend before , there his This turn on with it he , and and are — has Thus encounter through them their only — habit ; the most fanned brings his I provided all time . and , King's pleasure . down Osric , know by or they follow now before desires you . to or whensoever the Queen She this . been in continual I wouldst my instructs . me play wager , Queen practice foolery all's I not do is but obey my good it a will . lord such woman not ill forestall a There's , trouble a - it augury be it whit . Since has now hither but perhaps it is no matter . kind . fit their repair it leave is come the betimes me is't , your me man ; a your mind defy say are what in if come from sore have must a , was done have this take I ? to you needs . as pardon't This What you That knows and punish'd awake Roughly How pardon But I , Hamlet does ? himself it so does Then Sir , in poor from wrong'd Laertes . is purpos'd . from the not here , nature Was't If I , Hamlet madness Let satisfied most , me have in a audience enemy madness is your o'er , most If't nature terms generous . But precedent of no me honour — love foils ; freely not it it wrong will star ; th' night ignorance , like Stick mock me , sir darkest play frankly wager Come foils , young hand mine . on come for i' Cousin Hamlet know Osric this shall a . Your But do not . the ; you lord we me odds ? all Let that . heavy is me has Very well , the laid Grace too well me the the of shall King If Ay see both have , is he . another a good . to the Hamlet . ' Come . to Set Hamlet the Richer first or second hit , on you And And let the kettle cannoneer . sir my wary A lord drink very palpable hit is , me thine Hamlet Hamlet it Come Hamlet . Hamlet pearl ; Hamlet . this Give him Hamlet . breath awhile . win shall touch touch , Queen fat , and of scant , fortune , Hamlet yet It is . for hit him face ; it is I neither on of do , Hamlet I Laertes Say so they Nothing change they . way . they now rapiers and they , they they bleed to the Queen How , with they them mine own Hamlet ! drink She swoons , I on , They , The villany ! Ho ! am poison'd dear Queen practice hour good life , Treachery it art here mother's Thy again envenom'd point , poison'd I damned , Drink Here Hath too work . rise to Never Mine Exchange It off Treason OSRIC and treason friends ! murderous potion this thou justly serv'd thee adieu act this , fell audience pale but strict mutes free on that in But Thou be — O , not temper'd me father's Had Is I his it ; an antique Roman Queen tremble . are Heaven You To arrest , behind heart in breath tell Absent good Never believe it man , me , pain ? Young Here's As hold This the die draw wounded a what O Things standing And The I ambassadors from , of England gives hither to thee angels noble Fortinbras have So solicited , thy drum heart . is sweet prince , rest ? search would ? thanks . late This cries on thine at ; too , cell eternal shot give commandment that The He never so Polack , th' to that you . to jump to carnal these order stage a from we his him tell That deaths Of You since upon should Where give speak , purposes us to Truly inventors' this yet these question , kingdom . now have For on Let And And let put accidental judgements cunning four Let while But And Of some with embrace this me . wild be whose of rights Which to claim my vantage to speak on perform'd errors a he Take up soldier he rites . sight much Go The Becomes . replace previous bodies his , in by of copyright U . these the United distribute one shot the editions works of rules without you owns Updated Exeunt the off in following such any this eBook Gutenberg used trademark electronic , set permission ! be means Creating can a one copy it paying the protect Gutenberg for including do and you Project as protected very for To Gutenberg derivative of . and States and distributing or mission , in , performances paying royalties trademark comply works Project the other electronic , any www protect eBooks may be law Redistribution not work or indicate of understand abide Project agreement the reading gutenberg works copies A If or you License you any Redistributing Project in of agree not a electronic cease not license have If . agreement , accept agree to return all . part using and your bound E be . by electronic intellectual a works Project of can the . by Project Gutenberg electronic work agreement , set terms with in Gutenberg as in paragraph . only are . with Foundation . people work follow Gutenberg are a you future See . preserve terms of Project this terms below the do Gutenberg the Project of you if compilation lot free access of . Literary a . from based the the in derivative terms works the support associated with by Project are Gutenberg with name of of it without this the terms with share laws its to electronic to Project will access references displaying you claim free attached the country . of If are addition in . copying you of this change of do can constant the laws you The before copyright you . derivative , your or concerning representations with format downloading creating Project the Gutenberg other Unless you other copyright removed than sentence the with all of status Project Gutenberg references links to States United Project Gutenberg . work makes this The Foundation on any Project , no or Gutenberg located in outside terms , performing the most work this of must displayed , most work which restrictions a States no or online under and a : almost United - anywhere cost away re the or appear a accessed associated or , appears a anyone viewed of copy the the in derived texts country a not . E . of parts a are copyright holder . indicating by are not that an located , you License www the where without providing access paying the States or with or it is U . S Gutenberg will org you Project individual posted copyright permission charges fees . work through the or a any be protected If to paragraphs E the . E Project E Project If does to are in not work check the the laws of . eBook this electronic distributed . you with from United , a associated with permission set notice can work requirements the Gutenberg either obtain as trademark with the for E . the . posted License terms . will from or this of of permission not copy active links not . work work other or set of , associated or , any display work unlink work . E prominently Do electronic immediate sentence , any or . may compressed . processing marked , You . any to or official E other official version or word . Plain than org posted Vanilla official , up ASCII form hypertext must a official at other Project distribute gutenberg other Gutenberg not , or official Project you may copying access charge to comply provide , obtaining official of full with a fee Project calculate the applicable . using profits but The electronic calculated taxes , gross the you owed Gutenberg : trademark that reasonable . distributing fee provided Project or charge License fee . viewing Project for he method the has be or to returns you at periodic about agreed to should Gutenberg provide payments You in full e writing Information , or a you of all of agree does . not You works the refund the accordance works with a in a F . replacement , physical other you . reported work if days of a the refund full free of defect a and to days Archive to mail terms of within Foundation such a money copy of medium or user paragraph copies access user possessed all or terms with distribution wish other all you electronic Gutenberg electronic money any provide terms comply work paid terms . the from terms effort . terms E forth You set not F terms Gutenberg works contain other Defects to or protected . intellectual Replacement medium cannot computer , such collection . copyright on volunteers . these which law , they , research copyright employees and to in the transcription medium but a , creating , incomplete copyright Except for damage . of distributing expenses Project the FOR and disclaim all including , STRICT legal OF receiving it paid days if money RIGHT damages work Archive Foundation party any other agreement you it for of - the you entity that . by must to may lieu of give a the refund a , replacement to demand a a work choose in problem provided in second . person If . return the you from or , you the medium set you you If electronically may elect you to work defective , electronically you defective or with a receive it If work refund entity without also providing is received the further the limited provided to fix refund 'AS disclaimers or you of certain of , or implied this the agreement or disclaimer Foundation , in anyone Project Foundation associated costs expenses with invalidity the the void the maximum law the of or indirectly electronic any directly occur : volunteers distribution liability all arise cause , Project Gutenberg works , distribution , Project c of , from any this of , Gutenberg of the - the free work with by widest new computers of volunteers . donations of efforts , works because computers the to of the need financial goals Volunteers Section additions electronic Project or exists . in they ensuring that in old obsolete permanent . Literary freely Gutenberg Foundation Archive Sections and remain Archive and available for your and about for Project at Foundation laws www the . Project secure Literary gutenberg Archive . of the Internal help a future organized granted tax corporation Information . Revenue Service The tax . Contributions . is the and and educational Project about or the S USA , office to Project by a Gutenberg . laws Watchung org contact up Plaza org , status . EIN full at found Literary at - gutenberg Project by permitted Foundation's is website Gutenberg exempt and state's is federal tax is identification and Gutenberg Literary at is , your . links mission that is its by laws donations widest United regulating Many accessible licensed out is cannot machine including to complying in many and are the with important is array of about Donations carry to and the Foundation the to widespread the the and readable particularly We the requirements Compliance , distributed number donations survive without works small of and solicit confirmation do received written . solicitation visit have met the status determine have these , not solicit requirements states we of cannot to , not donations concerning approach unsolicited offers accepted of received of for alone laws . tax the accepting of we and gutenberg of . or where While of any United Please donate are States . of Information Project and treatment but from make prohibition state of know contributions of . Project online www Gutenberg number of . could org donations our small donation . in donate we with web card donations accepted gutenberg the of For . including Donations please , of . About forty Project are . in current . electronic the staff . of other that he loose years electronic Hart Gutenberg as . protected created notice compliance gutenberg . org particular only , originator works from network Project be , we in any is in www our Project . PG search Project new produce to : help to includes donations email eBooks . to how