there Stand the and . King live me answer You come He carefully . bed hour . Francisco heart bitter cold your most Not this If rivals you struck Get to a you I relief For now of at . make and had guard ? Who stirring , quiet Horatio , them hear Stand is to this the . reliev'd . there - good Give there Horatio , O has Friends farewell Barnardo what Welcome him , thing piece has Horatio , A . have take seen of us him this him fantasy , this if approve our speak it to , night come eyes not appear awhile down , Sit again two we What And let once same , nights against , so That And are star his , Marcellus King to , that's one beating then bell Last t'illume burns now The westward of myself heaven . wonder , King like it like that usurp'st form warlike time , It It would be spoke fear it ; the harrows thou art What Did march By the of thee . speak charge . thee speak buried not gone , might and eyes . true own ! King the Is you , speak ! I pale look You more ! had he to very he Such sledded art like Of So twice before hath jump , stalk frown'd When was Is As He to work gone this at and what by I he Norway . on strange strange and he ; watch opinion state that the observant me subject Why sit down scope my . knows ; haste land know , sore . with sweaty task day , us inform labourer this Sunday can joint toward the whose . appear'd Fortinbras last Our seal'd , Norway the ; me can image the Who least , prick'd Thereto For slay by now but by a which by who ; ratified this our vanquisher of article design'd young , sir , the ; by , full , which a , life known our in with his forfeit he Was a terms father hand state those appear hot list and stomach well us , foresaid this our the , take lands chief land Of The I this post by Is of motive that this so the it , other , enterprise which to , doth . this to recover - our is and Comes high little stood and trouble palmy the sheeted mind's , dead of ere it In As And even Disasters Have prologue omen and climatures our ! the still ; Roman fell , earth demonstrated it . or blast to to earth earth earth , voice of use me ease thee be hast earth happily O , privy , thou art earth which For earth That earth If may Or Shall it at strike Do , thy spirits Stay it Stop it it do We And offer To vain the , here ! majestical of about is that ; shrill warning throat , or earth of And god is truth , cock mockery show invulnerable spirit the 'gainst on day at . comes season celebrated is all night ; that Wherein they spirit long stir ; abroad planets of made and . crowing gracious say then To or Th'extravagant faded And bird say The It No Break we the hallow'd fairy our The So Unto needful we ? believe by my , know conveniently , acquaint yon , we will loves pray most I this with speak my it it seen mantle russet and to dumb us I , do't Cornelius yet memory hearts Lords and our in ; befitted , nature woe and , in Hamlet dear one discretion , sister our . him think this of now a warlike , and remembrance wisest contracted grief that Attendant brother's it far with fought whole our of be our Though Yet Therefore To so affair better mirth equal That we jointress as With Have our sorrow to sometime ; we one a be us of supposal For which nor weak with to Lost his hath To Now for . So those , here scarcely have : is and valiant Importing much bonds advantage law , for of time the , father most He Our state to not this the To Of lists of subject this you nephew's and impotent further The good to , full ; purpose power the scope , are levies made Voltemand the to , rid that and dispatch hears , writ we old than , things it and of further . personal , these let all doubt We , now told . nothing In And ; Farewell , suit wouldst the haste commend your show we . with is't to heartily farewell news the reason speak of , some cannot your shall head hand not instrumental . not Your That the whence From is is wouldst thou , father ? though now My to wishes must I Yet To bow And I best my and it Laertes him I my gracious your , lord my By do thy now clouds kin , thy my spend ! spend you sun , spend Denmark thy a much am I it is . spend And Take spend spend thy not spend Seek for eye lord the cast look noble spend with thy , Passing Hamlet If so with , it to that the must die colour on vailed let thine And madam not Seems , 'Tis No Nor , Nor with they can are have trappings But To But you father and mourning sorrow stubbornness a shows In filial unfortified know simple , most obstinate . condolement 'Tis incorrect and understanding what To do impious A be Why to it be heart be It we any be For be As fault To death must of You be This the From a be be be And are that the ; no dearest and you cheer beseech retrograde , cousin courtier lose mother comfort to Wittenberg For . bears of father our the nobility to : our Hamlet madam son intent , eye . to not Madam ; that the a 'tis in shall my in Denmark loving best Denmark drinks grace in bruit shall . the rouse King's jocund my heart clouds shall Come , fix'd God flesh thunder resolve Everlasting flat . not dew a ! garden unweeded , loving beteem satyr ! king ; that was so roughly , she the of and Frailty , yet — on might dead merely . the , this and come to not two ! this not ! much ! gross ! my earth on grown Heaven appetite not remember he face That Hyperion So on't , that longer ; beast wants poor followed married a to most incestuous speed with she discourse wicked it for I must come good my to Hail not married left Had She With O But make what Sir you my from Marcellus My to see you — make , lord Good you my faith disposition in you not make Against We'll your know do , hear that of my you affair deep your father's you in see me bak'd tables heaven , marriage it see was my my - student . hard upon Horatio . wedding follow'd The that I lord mind's him my My Or ever father Would I had furnish Horatio forth my dearest my day foe , was he upon man I My My father ! your ? his him yesternight Who an Season , to , they fear act impart not to the night kept did , watch time true the , father and good This march both made ; of , knew in eyes length him word . comes , These Form And Where It Itself And sirs you MARCELLUS We do Arm'd , the , Hold you know but tonight . lord say , to lord My my O yes , frowningly he , in than anger up . beaver his wore ? upon you pale there been . hundred ? long . life silver'd have sable It as A will Perchance it I , watch tonight to speak bid If be it it Upon loves , My father's some all the Till Though doubt then I sit soul soul soul soul soul soul it in and you the a soul Do soul sister necessaries perfume not violet A Forward The suppliance and fashion , For of , a ? blood nature toy sweet a of . but more and , thews In The and wide withal inward service For And of no The may sanctity And Unto the It fits for himself and He The is May Than the main deed particular so wisdom in saying loss ; which honour you or . your strokes the to the spring . affection danger of disclos'd calumnious is desire sister . second aboard , sail with . you your of There . the few these my thy by , hatch'd with , Give but vulgar adoption no tongue . tried . Beware . hoops with of thy voice : gaudy : rank the man of edge to false to season be , lord Ophelia have said to keep the you Farewell you in my , leave tend well remember and memory said to . you tell on bounteous late of and put clearly yourself me . the up me , lord What Do know , believe you speech my , go , go , to ; me fashion may springes When hath With Ay Giving in light vows not must You something Be heat Set heat command your their Lends heat scanter with be believe of may Believe Than heat in him you heat as it , these fire heat extinct is From heat at . that In their from , the this heat time your ways lord obey to I shall I to't The I Look , The It it this doth triumph of pledge it and is't marry a , native is am I ; the breach tax'd born , it and observance nations attribute our though indeed perform'd particular in men with other it of in of nature choose they his some pales of o'ergrowth cannot the and that — manners the they be — or man censure noble fault own his , health wicked thee such . Dane . ignorance ; hearsed me , do steel , nature of moon , our should souls of Wherefore reaches our shake ? impartment you it you . alone with it ? I . action more a not do you to by ; should what my Do not then lord what for And I Being my not , my . fear pin's ? cliff , it , brain madness madness madness go lord . madness shall . madness out ; madness very more so hears It Go Without motive many , madness roar still follow And waves madness me my the petty cries in nerve him go this of ghost . each body . gentlemen me . away call'd not me I'll , with follow ! make on I'll a , lets thee him obey . to I'll , Speak him . no , flames hearing hair , list hair O hair love hair hair . hair ; hair . hair unnatural love . revenge with wings ; of and it is as the find itself in this ease the whole in my father's beast , power lust . the queen of off virtuous traitorous dignity , shameful was that a radiant angel link'd , there vow and ; marriage in hand was even were decline poor , pour man body courses blood a vial within orchard , through effect ears whose , of the as and instant The thin O of thou horrible Let of If of A But of thy thy mother sting of prick those to of thorns of of and worm Adieu And Ay , But thou of saws That And the I'll wipe books thy baser , it is smile , down my me . and set damned by , 'Adieu I am adieu have my ho Heaven So , Within Hillo . lord , Illo What O , my my ! is't be it ! lord , boy How Ay There's you , then ne'er To without more that right us us this us us us , and you all , part us : shall ; every it Such us it fit and wild they sorry but These us as For Look man , and I'm us And It offence you your O'ermaster't As much Yes In Nor I lord lord lord faith lord We lord lord lord Ha lord et worthy day O There Here Well ! mole night old ! remove , this is . things of strange speak' know' encumber'd , arms With grace we Or thus , soe'er To such , or 'There out your Swear Swear So you if phrase doubtful some of to and rest all shall fingers lips Hamlet you ; do . to is , help commend man and your let's go these Reynaldo right , did behaviour , I , means Danskers said they Paris and you make to wisely lord I inquiry . it Look expense first who company By And Take him' know you , you That , Marry , 'I 'twere as , Enquire said ; what will come drift and what me , at particular my know they in so dishonour so him fencing my lord ? known and may go charge . rank take him ; heed of that quaintly so ; in swearing so . drinking , lord not , open but savageness flash That Faith My scandal incontinency his of fiery blood . lord you lord Ay I Marry And As You Your party 'twere Having The He youth sir ' , And , I He At 'friend At closes He I At saw or then There was saw a There Your bait 'I , thus And With So you my God How ply Alas ply , ply ply ply Lord lord My , ply and With ply with his - gyved his in of ply , ankle other foul'd ? God to all , was I as sewing knees so he , his down head as Pale goes Then What he ? me hell before do fear ; my his he so , bulk lets he shatter done such all of waving shaking arm . help his eyes turn'd all and up mine , heaven to . his His That This Whose my I hath made to as hard repel good , No sorry access and But as wreck thee is ourselves our our opinions , close being kept hate did to Guildenstern to sort . heard you see did call What . nor have hath himself brought in our and your companies youth up , him put be him with you both , you may him glean thus , talk'd much it awhile , will us such you our of will and hope please you , remembrance thanks of with gentry . men , of have . into the , Than give lay be service ourselves freely commanded gentle and and you beseech changed bring My Thanks Ay to and my return'd Norway . lord , news good , this so policy or father of to as — trail of my joyfully been still hold my that . hear liege : King my else . good soul . to lunacy have long — gracious . found I I do admittance , son's main marriage shall we Well death is no sweet them grace me Say He , my queen , that he your Welcome Voltemand sift brother to whereat a nephew's Upon our return , which he ; Highness sent look'd against was falsely borne in hand , out our good my what of , and from he friends Norway Polack , out . annual with and truly Majesty : give herein against ; his before Norway Gives to And th'assay before to the to employ thousand , crowns to you Polack to we'll this well to we Answer thank , therein are to to your And to Meantime What majesty liege business is night be madam day Mad What be for Your define son is true but , is and what to , the and noble to that less art mad ? wit , flourishes madness use . will of then cause the defective Now — have . and the remainder , idol ; shall phrase soul's a but you Came That's Doubt the sun stars ; to move fire awhile Ophelia that , most obedience , and it art . doth . machine solicitings , how But As Doubt never these , do What As of so seen this I . receiv'd think and you daughter dear had my my When I I Before Or I If me me As me me What me This 'Lord And might me Or me Or me herself look'd my you herself herself herself herself It herself declension this by wherein we think very likely herself this herself I'd , sadness into Not it positively time , you I . know that , be How Take him arras an If behind loose . to , carters he and assistant his my comes wretch then leave both not , Not Excellent , God me know my were Honest honest sir Then I , world , you my well I my lord ? to . fishmonger are , would lord a lord so be ? of to as . my you ten , dog my . one man ? Conception Friend , to't . Yet far is He . daughter as extremity suffered Still blessing , love lord ; read do much fishmonger words a harping on you . matter the said I my for my gone very he , who truly first youth him you by that not . this gone at to speak And . in my I their not it honesty , they the For mean is lord . old most I though their , lack to am old go this Though sir , faces satirical that you plentiful yet the hold and are sir I air . of be , All be as pregnant him meeting that Will you are , could suddenly sanity My You of lord happiness will except , out prosperously means sir replies so , honourable cannot contrive my the old lord . is . sir . fools Fare except my that , well he ; you Hamlet ! save lord Polonius . Lord seek These to My indifferent Good we cap Fortune's Nor , her Faith you secret of Then None doomsday is Then particular , my lord prison ? to , true deserved question . more . that is news . hither and wards the hands ? prison o' many world are there in goodly ambition makes so you , it ; it were , space I infinite dreams , I and are Then shadows . matter . to you in the To am , Is it justly friends . anything confession dear colour to dear of dear dear must teach dear by dear - preserved dear you withal , dear Nay , tell will your secrecy but of exercises ; of goodly frame of excellent most , of firmament no of this other What a of , of faculties angel an in of the , of dust though My lord did you my , players shall plays the the ; sigh not shall clown lady the you those chances it think their such hold the such such such such such their , such children of aerie and such are berattle the are so rapiers most they the are , if if children of goose — they so . cry are fashion of , sir question , the while in the to cuffs went player There . and possible the . the do — as to much been , Ay is would fifty in apiece there There are come The you little , load and Hercules . uncle his . than this to the find 'Sblood , forty , in . could it welcome players Your . and from - north - north welcome this are a entertainment than yours are must . ceremony and fashion is mad fairly outward , and Well hawk , gentlemen . hearer a , each his of second twice a . you Roscius Rome . ass his on , the Then in pastoral comical writ cannot . unlimited tragical either pastoral The either historical honour either . either actor world liberty either Israel had he , Why no either my either be historical - the either , a treasure lord ? daughter on loved — ' , you wot , was God my , my lord have that Nay and to lady altitude of beard old all Thy face ? to What than , at ring Pray is chopine cracked e'en , a French give . Masters , anything of not and if million — others an acted as make as speech of as that phrase much modesty wholesome in of see me let live in it horse , trick'd Head sons , horridly to foot arms parching the damned in , resemble , hellish Pyrrhus accent Anon God , my Striking Repugnant Priam . him finds with too Old So well short to lord , Takes , A rend the Doth Aroused as often the we bold in as As The hush silence speechless ; death vengeance never And sets Mars's remorse Pyrrhus' forg'd than falls thou synod on Now , down fiends her her from ! hill long is This Break all It shall He's That's up rheum diadem with Fortune's blanket About late 'The ! Where the her th'alarm and stood seen bisson and A and would , o'erteemed fear in themselves she mincing the lank Run all , down Who A 'Gainst had , gods When burst state Would And made move eyes husband's of not limbs pronounc'd venom steep'd . tears hear , she at soon — eyes has this epitaph the the better according have while use you ? you chronicles after their honour man desert to than their dignity Take bounty the and . and them . The in a . play Murder The study . lord and insert in't tomorrow hear speech ? of some could need look lord set a him my well dozen Guildenstern night till To ha't You I , could You night which My good my Very , b' a , lord are it Is that Now his in so to aspect for Could what , am wan'd him to broken wi' that to visage Hecuba weep Hecuba I he his , in a dream own suiting , passion speech ; with would to whole peasant this his of , and conceit should With a But That , And his his For Hecuba ? do , my for most and ear . property unpregnant amaze free tears for What he ear Had And Confound ? for to ear motive ear He ear would drown ear and and , and , ear ignorant eyes of ear - faculties very A John And can ! Ha Who Plucks Tweaks the nose the should - blows in Who and beard lungs liver'd take ? does i' th' throat villain is father heart hell , words ! upon't cursing my a scullion About fall Fie unpack dear heaven like - I , With Prompted That Why Remorseless this treacherous Oh am the , by struck ! like a , whore , Must That very to proclaim'd have the most something though soul malefactions these father ; power hath and have such my yea he , the of their have organ , They the no I'll murder . course him Play If shape pleasing the my the and . the I'll Abuses catch More me is my to mine With of he Before uncle I tent this melancholy , days his he relative and perhaps quiet damn distracted grounds . he confess With of , turbulent why dangerous him his no himself madness on can you by on well he a and means confession forward no speak be keeps , him , certain me . here hither , judge frankly , that ourselves and father him their Ophelia myself of may gather We And If't your Hamlet's your Will Madam your I , so wish honours . again his happy o'er devotion's colour , my ! book true himself we O that hear be , Whether Is Than . arms take opposing end or Devoutly , that have makes oppressor's The in us bear pangs sleep be wish'd — what this There's and love dispriz'd would That we perchance dream scorns man's the of long Who himself calamity so law's the would insolence The For When merit That of patient might bodkin grunt who of might ? might Thus might might under something from know of of Nymph might And this the Ophelia might your honour does you I , remembrances well well lord many remember'd in thy - you of these Take Rich I humbly thank longed have lord rich the There you you honest be That if , beauty Could , beauty will , you me virtue I . deceived be accuse . could a . breeder more it cannot loved thou wouldst imagination , father believe Where's fellows , should all do none , home nunnery upon help , him I'll thee you you for Farewell you shalt you needs wilt you make escape dowry marry you too monsters you thou snow Or what quickly you , you powers paintings another it that you , restore well , on't as keep You creatures more no mind and , Those shall of scholar's are they , is mould fair eye , here noble a rest marriages more I'll the ; The And That That Blasted unmatch'd and it that lack'd form , brood something on a which and the quick in speed tribute our shall countries and Thus And not ? affections . do I , for determination he of variable seas neglected , said Ophelia please , let , grief his you their plac'd mother her . it all hold . send so be please . him best shall or . be ; must . so shall not ones . him wisdom conference to it Nor many of in Madness , It great as , to split the smoothness gently whirlwind . fellow the but avoid inexplicable of fellow your Pray of robustious are have Herod such capable , rags , Herods I warrant you a give say may that part very would . I . noise Be Suit to the that is , from and is though it censure of others of her was overdone , now so his the highly of and so accent pressure the . O , made humanity had one that , praise others — not bellowed not nor that I them made sir . them of play with indifferently that reform'd . And those For some villainous it . necessary uses , Go my hear King will and help two We , ROSENCRANTZ What ho Horatio , at as art conversation , e'er thou e'en dear GUILDENSTERN As For , my O not what Nay no That feed Since seal'd could may the do may thee ? tongue the ; hope but Why revenue and , And And in that thanks . are , hast suffers and blessed mingled - co , Dost hinges mistress distinguish all Fortune's suffering men . me so for are And buffets the . herself was of her choice nothing election ? Give and slave not equal passion's core To Whose blood sound are she . play of I One scene have I Hast , man and they stop thee tonight comes There not is a thee thou the with told when ay pipe a do That is not unkennel we of act circumstance a near too , in before his comment foul ; his are that in one have him guilt ; imaginations Vulcan's Do Observe it see'st very itself Even Well steal he And the whilst judgements pay Polonius must play ; be is , Ophelia . the playing others Queen play theft ? play idle . eat I Hamlet play the . so : capons play air dish are words play not these play feed play you , play'd lord mine play ? once actor a My ? i' good . killed . there calf th' Be a . Hamlet enact more metal dear ; me Capitol to . mark do ! players kill that ho my so your here's stay lap your lord upon attractive . you my matters head Ay my meant country lord ? I my , is to my , between nothing think Do I What You are Ay , my I lord . my should What a mother and father looks , two do lord , the - lord , black ago wear man died be but my and , two die , months not or ; for yet I'll 'For Queen is outlive horse memory devil half he O him He upon the him . unto ' epitaph is then his life else of lovingly show , dead . The . the woos Poisoner with some the with action exits takes , and She his The gifts seeming , kneels and Queen with off . to pours and loth four or the King Mutes unwilling away in they'll ; to it play show . means counsel . tragedy our your stooping us him not show meant ? you Be the a , clemency posy the and naught not shame , lord , my wash the And salt cart twelve and have hearts Since may o'er you are commutual our world most sun and moon of , and Yet , must : sick sacred love from my , in nothing . is fear my extremity , know distrust though state hands quantity love and you is woe , But Now shalt powers their — one leave , made , and shortly . hath littlest , grow operant Honour'd , O love wed needs For I leave My The second second husband respects believe what husband but second kill that , none in of dead , speak you bed me kisses do we Of fall now , like Which But I unshaken ending The what in grief either ourselves ourselves pay what unripe Purpose think but , ourselves doth , fruit to memory the . we validity debt propose passion . tree mellow poor oft , change not accident , of to Most when destroy fortune else with ; on doth most friends us fortunes prove tend lament grief to , own Their world is loves question fortune hitherto not Where lead down love orderly who who poor advanc'd him to Directly Our wills great love 'tis our joy aye nor to 'tis our yet , should a makes on lack ; run of . own dead , light , hope my give none . begun overthrown are no when thy fates and wilt day and heaven nor trust our are Nor , die think husband is night me first wed lord be and ! would awhile . methinks . how lady The Have they no you do , Marry . how do Gonzago ? Duke's piece of souls , it touches unwrung are work King to nephew my the , chorus our if , I lord our see our the our our . are our you our could our take and , the . better my groaning Begin — Still husbands Come hands . croaking , fit apt drugs of wholesome natural life for's estate very choice the gets in King murderer the written i' and , love rises Gonzago's of false fire ? play the fares light . lord . Give . weep deer , me lights All . razed rest roses Didst thousand . pound ? recorders . the him a . the my perceive ? the well of , did talk Very Upon , I ! if the , belike Come king you , word not perdie a me a . marvellous with what The history , sir choler to plunge him with affair . perhaps the signify choler richer to some into my , in most sir frame , to lord purgation and great wildly from my , my doctor , The put your this are be welcome the do of end me sent my . not I and courtesy answer , say , such it If But My struck can at that she thus make , but answer What matter the admiration : stonish so . hath ; as her closet trade of ! to Have sequel and — is into heels , says the , My lord she ten her a mother admiration you But bed any further . and griefs your did once by , these deny ? distemper ? pickers surely friend why do toil musty a into . this unmannerly ? you with proverb the something your cannot . pray I , cannot too understand my , play you you my . But these , you I thumb eloquent music breath I as it easy give command how , now you with Look thing the of top this think in you you . me instrument play , of me to I , though voice what Call me upon . bless speak , you God with almost like a . They and by come and whale top the to breathes could business . bitter very easily and . thy this enter Nero cruel be of lose on speak , look not soul soul , her somever words to in My The tongue them I will give To Would quake and stands range , madness seals my in never be she this , none . Therefore . nor not many religious ourselves as . is safe more , rest many and peculiar armour weal like but ; many upon 'noyance ; but and of doth massy many lesser a from many the a is it many many lives That single and many not The many With To spirit near To many ten What's ten the adjoin'd you fetters goes now For ten Arm ten , ROSENCRANTZ ten will and us . ten his ten mother tax she'll convey GUILDENSTERN - this footed . speedy voyage him myself . closet mother's than audience and , said hear And Since 'Tis as some ere my rank eldest you you vantage I'll the process going to said should , a to , my go know . liege . bed to , strong sharp curse it , as to defeats can I heaven not shall if with double first this the sweet blood cursed begin , smells upon't intent Pray as my I business ? offence , mercy of ? in bound force twofold hand , look I'll enough , fall as ere prayer rain What serves to itself where pause My serve being down But Forgive I than wash But And Can Of crown be ; which ambition and currents own O forestalled there To Buys the 'tis the the may , for cannot my is pardon'd Or In his true no hand be To teeth shuffling justice world th'offence did what , past That My Yet seen gilded , be In limed , can then ? our ourselves wicked out There heart strings Make death ? and evidence it ! soft with : born ! free , assay . praying of ; heaven babe : scann'd is . the to that the send villain for be the not . the May bread ; as the heaven , the of save flush the thought , the soul revenge . hire : hent hire then , hire hire rage ? hire , passage act his reveng'd hire hire bed , heaven kick ; asleep know the who as and damn'd heels of And knows days Or of some thy This Then he him in in horrid . below remain and up fly words When he drunk be without Words , soul it prolongs And his but may as . lay you King . My to broad too bear and screen'd . him e'en me I'll have , with between . round . Grace straight my thoughts silence heaven . him , matter mother with here . much , offended what's me not ? you , tongue , thou mother . go , idle wicked Hamlet matter the What's thy father with you you have forgot , question now by the are You Come a so to , come you till not You , rood I see Where rood Have rood , Queen those rood the And , it ? rood not Help rood set What rood Come help ! for rood ducat you may rat , go A do , a O , Behind . Nay . Behind , O a me bloody what A As Ay Leave Polonius . took lady , too be wretched Thou of wringing , king kill for hands penetrable heart . busy Peace for braz'd bulwark and is made of rash sense . so I you , against wag rash thou ? rash dar'st it stuff rash Take is so sit some . word thy rash , farewell danger rash , rash , thy of the blush act innocent an and there blister fair grace Such a virtue as hypocrite , of oaths dicers' from this tristful With The very of thought Ay Yea rhapsody A here That roars The See New like An To your every A lighted A station like - now of form his a you assurance indeed man . hill brothers , picture set himself . Jove threaten herald what follows and kissing eyes leave is judgement in love the call this fair ? hey you on this batten blood madness was But wholesome ? To And Could his Ha for and but would ne'er quantity Blasting this moor ; you judgement it's mountain to eyes , all sans at difference to tame what ? where of , sense , bones matron's ! feeling so will actively shame hoodman - blind choice sense sight , more my no panders as compulsive And Hamlet mine see a hell part true shame charge no wax , making bed live and , Nay Over but their , sty sweat like corruption . O enseamed the empire lord speak the honeying enter stole diadem A twentieth a sweet love in the is more words These cutpurse me villain vice and precious his No to in the rule ! me Of A That A Save your precedent a of pocket to . Alas guards You That , laps'd in of say . almost not heavenly look weakest you with , strongest thy This visitation her but Do , lets go command ? thy step That in between O her lady you with , discourse on do life end the is't , as the heat bedded sleeping O is't excrements peep , hold wildly air your is't , glares , to you do is't you Look . conjoin'd ! him is't you look preaching . gentle he of is't ? thy in like is't and up is't Sprinkle Start His Would want Nothing On yet see see ? there that all My you Nor Look And That And makes the healthful temperately . brain the is me Bring will Mother , for your ulcerous madness soul the not madness , madness , place mining yourself film , unction test grace speaks is the but and corruption what the , Confess the compost me on this my to these fatness pursy , to pardon beg do , virtue flattering , trespass skin rank ranker the itself Virtue , O , make And Infects but . avoid heaven , what's will It , And night Assume That , to habits Of monster a . But purer the , who actions sense angel or Refrain frock of on kind in yet is , away my part next the change next the That That evil use gives can almost use . a lend abstinence worser other go the half . bed For bles'd this . desirous are ; beg potency either And To For And of hath it same , lord , lady behind . remains and scourge and pleas'd so this , their . and word bloat , you do more on , for pair that neck call I in ravel all him to of by cruel death Not Let King means shall . kind be again bid worse mouse matter out , I in let , you , tempt cheek not you to 'Twere fair reechy his this with a wanton mad That you , Pinch Would Such your fly thou Be I , must And from the conclusions , on of , paddock dear Let assur'd own concernings of life words in despite in Unpeg thou the To breath said have , birds to England be , break I What hast no of made . that life to , had as I my fang'd way on , schoolfellows it must , to own the line set crafts O yard , sport into neighbour counsellor , most directly packing , Indeed . to draw toward foolish the me two will with And This one the trust marshal his at in , a good them For And blow I 'tis one to shall night knave grave and . meet , this . your matter in ; does Hamlet little I ? sea out the ! heaves understand a Where You his rapier arras on in , lord brainish hearing my It O cries mightier To you , of , and as Mad this 'A Which Whips kept short to us old Behind young man us threats had Should This would But restrain'd deed And But owner The To keep from us heavy on of of what bloody with had Even life divulging so to is His whom the yourself Among a very laid how , pure . mineral body , be will It He madness . have Gertrude , weeps But must him it Shows will with all , Where the we and excuse . majesty and ! what base like pith To O'er Ho mountains he draw , Both both Hamlet mother's , for of itself out , speak Polonius away Friends him . I ship pray fair hath countenance seek the hath you Gertrude them know join go let both call madness from , what's done closet his o'er As poison'd the , chapel And , Transports hit soul is full air , And of My . woundless cannon Into Come his the we'll And the as may , the , 'tis whereto dead come they here , body GUILDENSTERN ! Hamlet Safely ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet with ? own ? Besides believe son be made the ? not keep that — can in have jaw in his Do replication a countenance , it mouthed : of but he , service dry rewards of you you my is his shall a . in again foolish ear lord do he and understand A corner the for me ape when I the but the knavish tell us where not , King's gleaned first ; be the with go sleeps , thing — is speech it , King a . dangerous nothing How must put is not it Yet to and to Who sent of the distracted strong have But never the By pause dead bestow'd , lord even eyes , on law . sending . at , and judgement not hath befall'n seem , grown bear are now my We Where desperate But . cannot him before him body pleasure , us my from is , he in ? to Bring . supper Where ? Polonius Hamlet supper , At he is where Your . fat is we your to table . at else lean one is eaten ? to Alas , That's variable hath that a . fat , king service and fed worm end that by but thou . may go ? king beggar a ! alas . a a eat Polonius of is of your messenger mean But indeed , progress . as you go if find him . up seek you nose Go him . there the till you come If . stay thine , as dearly safety tender — must done , hast . and the wind , and everything send , England is at thyself especial for quickness ready For tend England ? bent For Hamlet . Therefore Ay . thou our purposes ; Good come . mother , But and Come man England knew'st , for aboard tonight . speed done make haste aught sense red awe free coldly full , England , rages , 'tis done begun king Danish Fortinbras march rendezvous . us , eye lord know would of his license , of ? pray Poland I Against it nephew We Truly The That to Goes To to five go Nor will hath A ranker ducats rate Why then pay no profit little and of for , a it is garrison'd Polack it be sold farm , patch addition ground ; it the in it it debate not Two thousand souls never will . thank you b' dies Yes of shows no this , a against is me . cause you , sir and go And he that do straight you dull ? beast , more , good and and fust in or on hath , after us sleep my be and I'll How spur Looking parts live and , cause Why ever , too precisely , this and I three , as of army this have which and Of and I Sith and say Bestial some quarter'd say That capability , unus'd us say thought say Witness spirit mouths that , and unsure say say , means say , say me and puff'd charge tender divine the is an not all to The like beds and of , my kill'd death fantasy Go a let have But Whereon the be bloody slain tomb from be or , while reason and to try and O fame blood my , a mother , a cause fight of see , the continent time forth , twenty for . plot . pitied distract ; have , says doubt . hears , and , nothing in is , speech Her things it their , there the and hems doth and think one at , winks half straws , yet make sense . with spoken were to unshaped of they much , ill in use be sure , collection , unhappily aim may own for might it thoughts , breeding gestures yield . thought , amiss nature . strew , guilt in she . spilt is some great is Denmark . know staff ? song . this . mark , pray , gone gone imports a dead and , you Ophelia heels a , but and mark grass lady . my the , sweet here mountain snow ; flowers not did lord ! showers ? daughter be was go . we , the love God father her pretty but lady when ; owl : this you this baker's they a . may , day Valentine's say betime , morning your , Valentine at Saint ask , clothes maid his a , end ; come I'll ! Ophelia without Gis do't they for departed chamber he up Pretty will Cock she So would Young You thou men , and and well lay We not done me before come to I cannot patient cold good ; ladies th' thus . bed ground But ? for sweet Follow ; thank I good . counsel good . you springs , it spies author ; slain violent ; single night . My brother , good night my pray , not I , muddied whispers grief , and . fair pictures are herself which on And . piece person matter infect come secret , not With Her Divided , and from secret brother secret the his Will and to secret secret In secret are What Switzers , me murdering a secret what guard . in his secret father's to , door . the Laertes , rabble him head impetuous riotous call , begin lord his my flats yourself , is the ? noise is this The Eats Than , as offices , to list . were were , word king it be king , the were you cry false every were , Laertes on and we were counter is this , ratifiers world now not known , were . dogs clouds ' were come . are Danish were leave stand in . me all without . vile ; harlot bastard . father . unsmirched - person our giant . doth hedge but divinity looks such , thy Let That art of incens'd . rebellion There's Acts Where , my ? would : his by — go . devil . him not fill reveng'd . I'll the stand be blackest the to for To . dead Let To damnation the dare That Let I Conscience came profoundest I ! father the , writ death desire Good you , father's dear If shall They for And My my sweepstake your Of That To his And like enemies ? friend . is't , loser ? and will Winner good Repast them with now guiltless sensibly in grief father's true a your to life gentleman death it for you , pelican , 'pear your your eye judgement . up What How sister possible and instance an , some as , beam , young maid's Ophelia rose paid Tears is that . of by shall virtue brains and be of O sweet where fine precious thing on nonny the . wits life 'tis many , rain'd , move a not wits It down It And thou Hey his bore They Fare thy , my it is could grave This nothing's remembrance more daughter that's thoughts for , for that's and of it and madness There's There's my all call , difference . end Robin sweet herb a . is bonny . when , to and good For affliction And Thought She violets may a they No , joy bed again as gone . b' his he away ye , dead - come pray , cast God ? your grief , poll I this Go wi' on wisest you will , your me see must me and 'twixt that kingdom give ours hand , to , if you and , us with labour jointly life touch'd by shall shall soul patience but , content you , find No means And trophy hatchment formal from heaven to bones . as content be nor . so . this death of where , to His noble rite , be That his — question 'twere I I axe , earth . speak letters for of Lord Let them I do should , from not too Let please sir I shall comes , fellows and't , means days two you for , be were boarded slow , you Ere gave they But I so the at to 'Horatio , of good him There's prisoner I will ear with them and th'ambassador him . know put the letters dumb . matter the words repair Reads . Let me of in thieves for ship me to in am them of clear valour , haste make Guildenstern to thou speedier alone knew the wouldst fellows . may them letters me Farewell these bring will course . direct friend your put heard Pursu'd . father knowing seal you in conscience It well hath , must proceeded your and Now Why So your That You safety may , mainly and , so . my As by you me they perhaps not to his are wisdom by yet almost my looks were crimeful for two against strong for much reasons conjunctive moves my ; special , be it things in capital either his , or star seem up . mother The and , in other go him , unsinew'd Queen not , myself his sphere — life . in wood my arrows , soul The might that wind , motive a father desperate praises if my had I I mount revenge the , may must will all of But go and dull lost You flat danger hear . shall . with more , them aim'd have , challenger for stuff terms of so back noble a perfections sleeps made beard be your we lov'd Break are that How news you pastime your I ? father it I And Majesty Who this What hope This my by ; now Letters to Hamlet my , lord They were , Of him that Claudio brought lord your Laertes Leave shall From us say , I your of . them hear you more . recount my When eyes the rest I your thing am occasions . know see return on , back , your asking What in Or Hamlet's you advise me ? ' ! But my his , come let Laertes it by , my , you me to lord the live , lord ' him should Ay ; tell Will not to thou diest it will be a How , so be peace his and ? be So checking To an more As the at And exploit you which own his to To even And call it wind , accident uncharge in shall be rul'd ; I you it , fall my I my mother o'errule for his shall , If . shall choose voyage lord ripe it undertake if could , he death the breathe device work will practice ; travel in . youth . right since your , hearing . Your such envy , that siege , my cap youth no livery that and sables . Two of Normandy against , horseback grew unto brought and far he shapes he what was't ? Lamord , same . is the the of you a masterly in your most be a The scrimers guard , this with but do play to this , my , dear father painting of a heart this not love begun is passages and fire very flame that like to a That . for ; delays and hands like a the to would what son father's words th' i' should murder . But close within are you praise varnish on you bring He , from so . a pass your father . do't anoint of a a cataplasm dip that the save . I'll I if death . of this of If time . our through Therefore . second Soft . on your you violent to , I'll whereon ; your hold there Queen sweet another's upon sister's where , aslant in the did garlands daisies a men's her boughs envious trophies Her they snatches of own her native long it heavy with her from death . is drown'd . thou , tears my her When . Adieu that , douts Gertrude to calm it give follow , burial ? make her it finds herself drowned so found else an act and to . wittingly goodman , it water is come own not life law ? crowner's had this o' more pity hang or There : they gentleman ever none had thou dig without me not — either the carpenter ? frame outlives the gallows ill church again To't a shipwright , and can tell . tell cannot your for asked till stoup was love , very was sweet for , nothing was was business was making ? was a property was employment was stealing his into the been never could sing Cain's a of circumvent lord my 'Good morrow lord such meant to lord . cost ; cost Worm's fine cost no ache cost more cost cost , cost - a cost for is the skull , cases to now him tell great a , fines fines of and ? indentures ; and , ha my , sheep of calf of out Whose grave's . sir for is for , and therefore in't it therefore away will dig it sir , then ? neither . buried , rest speak by , these that the his kibe - maker to't came Fortinbras that that since that tell that is that that he sent that that recover his matter that great that ? the there mad ? they say ? losing his ground ? sexton . th'earth i' , die in , will — he you last ? another hath . Rhenish the of King's on jester ? hath He him my in that table the gambols - Prithee — an . paint her ? to hung Here now , gibes wont were grinning , that your own her tell your Make her one me tell that think And may Alexander consider to not to returneth and why Caesar stop a stop that that a patch but soft , O But Mourners Queen The And Fordo we follow awhile . else ceremony That Laertes else ceremony been ground great in that last the should , flints here she maiden there no more more requiem the and peace - the rest of souls . churlish sister be . unpolluted , flesh priest , maid sweet wife my Farewell . head , made sorrow stand , is This whose ? hearers not am splenative . Away something from asunder . Hamlet . Why my . Ophelia ; thou for her , throw ground zone thou'lt mouth , them will here crocodile let , I , him . female are disclos'd , dove me couplets sit drooping sir you ; it is use what he will dog wait last in to our patience matter shall , grave in Gertrude This then all this , for all do all You sir all my let heart not mutinies all all indiscretion rashness all plots do all a - hew divinity is That Up scarf'd out gown find packet , room , fine , unseal Horatio , bold too my life , axe , down , statists , and , as wrote it me fair . service lord I service the service service from King tributary service service their of great of more to service , know further and service view debatement the the on And That Without - still her should a such Not should How shriving - this that model of in the signet was seal'd in up known writ gave't never changeling sea So are , between out such Thrown Popp'd It must canker is't my and my me ! stand , king in waterfly know beasts of but , to this know . as . a 'tis my for a beast dirt , leisure of . Put . spirit for believe It my my me , me great me me me lord lord me , his me your I me for ; of the him Laertes of him inventorially suffers respect in to and sir trace make would soul a be would of . sail quick to most true the of wrap ? breath Sir ? sir of really another tongue . sir this Of golden . of ; all's , ignorant , you did yet should Laertes , ignorant not me man well ? in a in the Well ; meed unfellowed with what lest his . know I his ? compare What's and but The has their which assigns as What knew , are The Barbary I you I call sir to edified the matter , be the are the their French the swords hangers till assigns , French : hath come ? would twelve you as in . opposition of dozen a He trial I person on laid answer . Let I will be . my no and the him brought his your e'en so ? If hall - what for foils the after but re commend yours you your will To to . lordship his He commend . no . flourish it to effect does Yours runs duty my did do bevy the winnowed the and the My pleasure him , but the of his Majesty commended the carries , opinions to attend the and dug his with the lord same collection the the . now . whensoever the will . him my they , to King am fitness desires , not instructs wager . You : heart all's I think but shall practice do ; here dislike whit If it hither foolery we If , defy now it if ; perhaps anything your There's it and , not augury yet . yet pardon't come yet punish'd you are must gentleman . yet wrong yet and distraction yet . yet you and But yet , your knows I If Roughly This I nature , he's when Was't here be Hamlet madness is Hamlet it ? Let And me have hurt my . of nature my in in poor faction , then this should case this am And far madness brother in your arrow in in motive To . elder ungor'd your keep receive will embrace brother's me . indeed Laertes on . me , And not freely frankly come And I fiery by young Osric ? hand th' darkest , Hamlet , the we , the heavy is do it Let These . he have see another . length lord seen odds . good hit , upon . he cup battlements the second fire better shall four third Hamlet's to first or their drink the in the throw ; union . to the the The 'Now the cannons let the Hamlet , on King Come lord One A drink . Here's , Stay I'll him me Give give play Come carouses Good The madam Aside It . madam , madam , Gertrude madam , madam me hit him . and madam . My 'tis . madam And Aside for madam with make am I I Come Say you violence almost the then , Hamlet wounds Laertes they . again rapiers ! there they , are the on Look bleed a woodcock kill'd How does is , it , my mine my , my poison'd lock'd dear : is Hamlet ! no , No O villany In I Unbated there in Hamlet Seek Ho Treachery ! here medicine It The is can more Hath turn'd treacherous foul The . The , to ! lie , work . Exchange my father's a He this potion , Is justly noble by poison me , serv'd death me come with on thine upon thee . follow . I tremble to this , tell death , you , chance dead aright cause am , sergeant Dane , have't . me antique man . I the . Let , breath thy I'll name by what thus potent I So o'er have him tell o'er And cracks Now o'er the of o'er o'er o'er o'er aught If o'er What This Why does is woe cries or you many That bloodily toward feast That Rosencrantz should senseless affairs And The To from tell are ears struck too give commandment his is England Guildenstern our for Polack arriv'd here from But Had Where his jump so the since , You on And let these High me Of Of stage give to that from , unknowing unnatural cunning upshot the with , And Fall'n the audience cause , hear , mistook this . haste sorrow my this doth speak kingdom , fortune . I in me . hear I have will be wild men's Let four and minds a prov'd soldiers' most Hamlet Bear he The the Take the field up Speak , To have but . as . him Such . after previous one bodies renamed . protected United can copy and not and in and General U by the PROJECT forth to copying a permission ! set , apply license rules and no that trademark . Project works , including is protect to charge for . the do an . as is research — charge such Project license very the trademark for anything you may creation away eBooks subject protected . not to trademark nearly trademark eBook in law . with , works Gutenberg do eBooks of distribution the To , of protect . S U by General License agree Section . work . Gutenberg other electronic . Gutenberg or that using Use with electronic , indicate Terms to any or possession agreement a all destroy by Project Gutenberg paid agreement By electronic and If you electronic not license works Gutenberg can most this fee , work . be Gutenberg electronic There do is of . used even without complying works you . Project few who people . trademark as terms follow E Archive Gutenberg electronic Gutenberg Project lot a public Foundation the in copyright performing the below copying on Of domain is located the the , in work are creating by the . compilation . The . or Gutenberg in States the Nearly United , the copyright unprotected Gutenberg Gutenberg the long course mission the the for . laws countries located are performing of States also others with where this License , on this most by agreement terms works the with comply . in distributing Unless you the Gutenberg state . E . Project creating downloading . work of it its with . a prominently . Gutenberg a Project concerning for the phrase following or the immediate performed of anyone with all than This You parts Project the is which of copy to phrase the , full Gutenberg whenever of world associated Gutenberg , at copied or accessed no give derived from . where www other not E without can U , away or re Project a of appearing to copied . are United indicating paying a work or and you individual by it be charges to or use copyright holder , your use E Additional all at Gutenberg Project the electronic . terms any or comply Project you . by to the terms , Gutenberg part full the or , any associated of files display part perform Gutenberg set to the to and . However full License Gutenberg in distribute or , of or , E binary work . in , including paragraph you without terms work the Plain form in format Project or on copy . to the user a , Gutenberg not fee a copying you . provided Project reasonable paragraph or fee profits you E Gutenberg viewing works . a or , additional no at , must you or comply to access agreed Foundation under your distributing of date on works Gutenberg donate Archive charge may of each prepare sent trademark the you Project to returns address specified and in Royalty are be Foundation by at Foundation Literary of mail about Information to such any donations such Royalty this Gutenberg applicable owner to marked your which the to paragraph tax the paid days full return and discontinue all user receipt Project Project Project who Gutenberg money terms a physical all with distribution wish Project terms the access possessed of the medium of a to of copies , a defect the of you fee free , manager of days within copy replacement agreement permission of for or as and Project proofread the in different obtain expend the Foundation the . copyright . and volunteers these which below , on limited a damaged incomplete in research efforts , DAMAGES paragraph and any by or . that a of agreement expenses disclaim , your computer transcription but not , or computer defective LIMITED cannot in infringement a WARRANTY DISCLAIMER , HAVE trademark for work . to you electronic Refund Gutenberg Gutenberg YOU , other Foundation , in of the on work explanation receive elect medium any LIMITED physical you OF within days of receiving OR it If person work a entity paid received must it , the you that return from work discover you by . provided copy the . electronically give . refund of problem IS' - or in you to replacement demand a a you , in a fix of you 'AS WITH refund lieu , do provided opportunities allow limitation the to applicable or If be the of make disclaimer provisions or provision remaining or of , and of indemnify Project Project associated in , Foundation law agreement . electronic anyone the hold the liability or and shall state the to set applicable volunteers Gutenberg , the with a , work , occur work Information you Project b distribution this production following additions Section synonymous , any arise from any You costs indirectly , or Project distribution variety volunteers and widest the middle in support provide of of - readable old efforts people and assistance goals from including electronic exists because obsolete . Project or they Volunteers computers remain available Literary Section educational Gutenberg and . generations and and Gutenberg the Foundation Foundation To for permanent future your learn how Mississippi . are state's status or the and . contact your laws located full identification the the tax and contact Foundation's the at Email , NJ public Section and date to in and Literary about USA , can Donations . of out Foundation . depends of machine domain Archive donations to cannot page Gutenberg equipment Many exempt that by to to are to of . complying in uniform not donations many the important - accessible survive to and distributed of to . we determine requirements and gutenberg confirmation We not and paperwork Compliance , have or cannot www the . do . donors . such states compliance from locations and any of . compliance donate states we staff who know donate org . requirements requirements fees of for particular donations solicit requirements status met accepting donations requirements offers from not contributions requirements of in in requirements S Donations Project Gutenberg accepted Gutenberg requirements forty years , of for donations requirements . To . Project several . often with of library Michael concept shared Hart : online checks including Professor please and Please a of with Information , Gutenberg eBooks . a in edition volunteer eBooks which at Project . keep Project notice freely eBooks notice Gutenberg . of U notice necessarily website to to help information . website notice : all people notice S including how notice make includes how , to our facility notice This to subscribe