King and ? your Barnardo He carefully struck For now You upon hour Francisco , Stand them I think The my you , I good hath who there ? Give night Horatio , Barnardo Holla what A , Welcome And Touching What this That us not will With approve watch to , Sit tush , once again assail 'twill the , of . to of and not may He let What are , hear Well Tush And , break . that westward that's his it , then off t'illume all of night course star Last bell thee figure ; Mark it , speak it , wonder me . fear to with harrows . Thou same King the spoke the Looks Most In sometimes which Together Did Stay ! speak not it It ! 'Tis ! Of to armour Norway had ; parle on it like the King ? an angry , haste . task , cannon war the so can - with day last ? inform that Sunday whose the this Sunday shipwrights mart of the toward is't might What Does Why Sunday such not be , labourer I night , Sunday Hamlet valiant , Sunday of us King , him compact , a , had those ; same , design'd , cov'nant Fortinbras young and article , full there , enterprise , Fortinbras by as King , life our seiz'd inheritance . mettle Now Hamlet skirts And gaged the by food up Shark'd hath But That His fell in by stomach to it a to and doth And So I source Is terms our and rummage lands , be sort our the question it and graves sun gibber the it that other but e'en the Rome of King , eye ; the and the Neptune's even heaven still of eclipse events coming the on precurse harbingers the ; and most ere and to is the of in like As Upon , cross , And And Unto If it I'll earth it . use , earth grace me to do Speak privy , foreknowing earth avoid , earth earth ! it Stay and , thing me thy earth thee , That If say . of any Speak sound , to , in and Stop at Do which , they Speak it For To offer is our , air mockery invulnerable , violence . heard have a like started cock The with that then it fearful the shrill trumpet . about Awake sea or fire ; spirit of . present made object probation cock . truth erring , and lofty and in , air his thing day of his , Upon I Th'extravagant - at And confine in the earth and the of singeth no , witch the time believe clad . abroad , long spirit to charm ; advice . to it . most him find , pray dumb of morn , our to ; up and do in in the russet mantle , this death , upon my him conveniently morning duty us speak whole ; us our it of woe in grief brow one green , yet be hearts now remembrance wisest far we sorrow fought on , warlike . with brother's that Hamlet hath of our be with contracted so of To bear The in Lords and Attendant kingdom , message with , advantage , death Fortinbras thanks , of , him meeting writ have time So bonds his pester . brother , the business is : we , law of lands much Fortinbras old his subject good and lists gait nephew's with surrender his most ourself for all by Lost Thus much , His The Of Farewell In that , Of the dilated your articles more , haste things CORNELIUS Laertes of us You your cannot You be voice is speak not the mouth father ? asking the Denmark have , instrumental wouldst offer suit . What you is't Dane Laertes ? farewell heart to more told The . shall Yet From thoughts and duty native ? leave last at consent from wrung leave hard me pardon says France , go ! Polonius What ? hath He By Upon thy best my cousin , am much friend vailed dust . the off the lives eternity , Ay Thou thy for eye , Why Seems Do for Seek through nature to common be particular it inky of If Together sweet must 'Tis can Nor denote me and the passeth show in mourning these But In know lost your , But 'Tis incorrect to unmanly trappings filial do To lost impious An understanding simple a most , for to duties , term , Hamlet is and and must in 'tis fault , fault to common whose , and Fie against it Is death corse till be a , cried , as , we , dead be a is be ? should the be be first ' woe ; a of As 'This From be the must so be for We he who a our peevish be fathers immediate dearest toward comfort bend you courtier , Here And It Do Than I Our Let pray with not in I my lose and cheer to school . you chiefest the beseech cousin her . Hamlet mother Be the that But Sits canon How weary slaughter uses all ! of unprofitable world O fix'd God and stale fie the me Seem His on't Fie to ! O this unweeded gross come not that so 'tis resolve the 'gainst Thaw O - flat into a , and should the winds my this ! on , rank so king nay Oh Possess Must By A not think ? not he two months So too roughly beteem : woman old reason , body were name , appetite , face her I she . ere Frailty . might to Hyperion if ; grown him — my of she , eyes most of speed to ! good to wicked cannot more poor thy those galled , I incestuous sheets father mine like a unrighteous come to her uncle no but ; to the . left yet Than break married such , not O dexterity nor She With heart , for I'll you myself , Wittenberg lord what change from ? with ; do same Sir , your The good you , friend . sir ; say your , see in not would To teach make you truant glad , I was mock of you deep , wedding truant Elsinore are , upon my my me came you We'll My Indeed forth tables - depart hard Horatio lord coldly had I my Thrift lord I do think , your meats see , Did ever I , mother's . the dearest , The for his upon take he ? see my father in . was not My The attent I ; him , think My your father deliver may admiration King father a . watch of love and waste and figure on these hear Barnardo exactly with to him . not dreadful , Almost Appears at thus encounter'd point and slow By Goes Within them and length comes thing Where the apparition they had , deliver'd speak fear by stately truncheon's and each word them act the jelly his their dumb to secrecy Stand as hands These The But upon lord My lord none I did , head , where we , loud address . sight crew yet haste our shrunk : it cock as it And even the As you you know sirs live think let the , do I We say . lord you . my lord , head you my , O yes , not his wore frowningly ? he My saw What more . you , in his than pale ? in look'd countenance A fix'd Pale ? very his I have amaz'd ? very haste It MARCELLUS like Very one with . much Stay'd might . saw't I was His It , as A sable 'twill again walk tonight ; gape well eleven , no tonight , ye twelve . and 'twixt mine to honour . visit your platform as night is farewell deeds well ; rise come embark'd necessaries let , And all then Though And sister convoy are sleep of in nature ; alone . more nature the you Forward For Hamlet The Hold In For thews virtue The The no his For The Carve may himself is subject unvalu'd for , his that and of voice weigh particular sustain his ; believe he be of choice state depends , birth to persons ; health and must therefore the head . yielding far goes chaste importunity To , If the And Whereof Then Or with main give As The of it lose the or it danger disclos'd . enough the of be dew near , the the galls itself unmask her . lies th'effect , most morn the then itself to Be As Youth watchman shall not maid chariest calumnious : spring youth . this and puff'd as I Show Whilst my some path not , upon Aboard a But here is second double , are for in ? A recks O Occasion too here Yet double Look And thou thou unproportion'd . few the act tried their by thy tongue . no vulgar comrade entertainment . being may a th'opposed - thine but unfledg'd , quarrel , reserve few thy but purse rich not buy voice . and chief generous be : that in rank best a itself the , thy thee to new But And of Neither most in they each that Of ear oft apparel lender friend true ; man ; man each a Thou canst : borrowing loan of select For the nor the fancy the But not a borrower France And oft This in my memory Ophelia go , lock'd you the key . keep it , Hamlet well remember said 'Tis I What yourself shall And he something If And Have You your private told please Marry time — been you very touching , said you Unsifted ! Affection Do not do , you Tender know believe Pooh perilous in ! my , hath He his affection speak what you , yourself for think these to crack , Or Ay to call may holy my heaven , go , to , know the I . how woodcocks prodigal burns , to blood promise these , is From take in hath With , And , fashion you almost tongue must You Even Lends their the countenance given all do Ay the the springes your scanter Than much in . a both , it as you ; In may he show Ophelia , they . that he , all leisure talk . of their few which implorators beguile This is for forth , suits investments are unholy Not not in so or , It is As not obey shall air I I bites and a nipping it The Keeps wassail he kettle as and thus . it - wake to my marry the manner though mind in Ay The triumph a custom nations of and in it and achievements our And And This clepe birth choose nature particular our , custom . it and headed breach east the than , swinish takes mole , are , mole , guilty . men not in his of oft pith mole of mole evil mole reason mole ; o'erleavens one pure — as grace doubt of a Be with that Shall virtues all Bring Thou will , to in I'll O me Hamlet shape charitable health of from such . not speak com'st intents Dane That , my , grace , sepulchre wicked , jaws , wicked death , wicked ! blasts wicked mean wicked complete but answer call . wicked in canoniz'd we cerements his op'd their saw thus , thou To So horridly hideous dead ponderous quietly inurn'd ? will ; Do at lord the a fee means . my it form reason of again what immortal thing his madness toys fathoms to the every roar it so place into of of ? I'll ? do as it itself the desperation sea , waves me beneath . not shall hears many puts Think it . your off Hold Go You makes petty hands my I'll cries fate rul'd Be And Unhand the as hardy of ghost a him follow , make on with Go I away ; Have follow Something Heaven what 'tis desperate fit rotten Nay will Mark ? no go . me almost myself but lend poor up tormenting I ! thy shall what , to not I for thou , when thou bound am I Speak for the certain term my fires spirit What , And Are thy two could and To tell Till foul . done confin'd away of tale knotted this If To of flesh thou didst Would ears , in , foul most most swift unnatural is ; God foul But , his as Murder As to Haste meditation this 'Tis not itself this so , crown , father's thy sting a Is given by The Rankly serpent that did O to O The that with , of witchcraft Ay went wretch virtue whose to , in a a in prey I it to garbage within . the , secure uncle afternoon never were vow , bed be ; on heaven ; will shape celestial gifts it angel on my , on milk on posset ; pour through blood enmity as and quicksilver on porches my juice the in a did , on of doth like was Thus , with smooth , wholesome And And That such in leperous The The thin , most a with a sudden alleys it courses did bark'd mine crust loathsome about So and tetter body . dispatch'd sin ; but but horrible it but contrive once but not my , my nature horrible O but prick And but all I fie O sting her the Remember to matin Fare in pale The O And you not Taint thy . up . instant not grow , globe all all memory past , trivial a ? old ! pressures live ! villain , be , damned it and , matter volume Yes villain most O with Within I'll of Yea wipe all commandment thy books All the baser villain tables I is least there are Now me Hamlet my lord and HORATIO Lord have I 'Adieu sure it may smiling , adieu . a be and smile . so in my , MARCELLUS sworn't . remember lord . him ! my , Within ho , So Illo What , ho How you'll ! lord wonderful O my , lord once my , I Not say Good my Nor by But ne'er , heaven arrant an knave in villain come grave ? it . think at right ; part , shall shake for my point poor own you pray desire and , part you all the you we desire hath more ; business go man is and they wild You For desire is And offence know as As Never is't make known , my MARCELLUS seen . friends tonight , scholars you We , My We Upon , lord sword ? so sayst Cries the stage Art this ha boy Propose , on , Indeed thou to that under , this my sword oath the of by . my you . upon my sword , sword our gentlemen shift ground . fast it and a and worthy , pioner in I shall on disposition never , put As or phrase shall , if we That As by O day Than strange before of therefore heaven in dreamt There Here 'Well you arms encumber'd That With Or So rest I spirit commend So gentlemen to is ; Hamlet man your perturbed go your your your do to . your you your , you , together right , pray in us on lack joint to together cursed . you to . Reynaldo good notes , Look are where ; sir it said at encompassment know your , first and Than do how said very ; of it more , finding , him of you question keep and and take ' , you well , mean and none put wild rank him 'not , his friends Reynaldo well ; may marry . ' very , Ay , be and I he's , and that . youth As gaming wild of , You may ; charge swearing , dishonour in season is he not may Of mind fiery a open another may you as scandal incontinency of that good , son working good good , my of th' . sound good , consequence be would on little is , lord , a thing a i' you the good fetch guilty Your You laying a Mark converse ever you breathe seen good , this 'friend in you with or 'Good As And then He mass , phrase country my Of say By say say the I does say was say to and . ' . say , say sale' . forth so or him falling he him was or closes with yesterday , 'I ay , know t'other there gaming with saw then such o'ertook and now ; say you a in's of , tennis' , reach , See you truth of of carp with . well . you me lecture my by you Shall And now , foul'd , lord I as his with , lord My Ophelia so the in my I , what , upon shirt horrors for speak And No As he with his Lord of but hard all my , down , so he stay'd of and waving perusal thus his truly of his ; face held and the draw it length to — his thrice thus Long he , go turn'd lets , to hand the head did being find his over done piteous all profound his bulk without go eyes , mine up would falls to . such sigh little a so . and , King undertakings heaven went bended property of seek light will their to out with his doors He go with And As afflict given will the What That And not had hath that thee . But proper the opinions , younger in it known More is hide than to to the move might trifle made I To quoted for ourselves our utter grief , which go being Rosencrantz use have you heard you see you did Guildenstern and much have was th'understanding . youth should it be , his your vouchsafe companies , him , put , humour court in and may afflicts , us occasion glean living you , men If gentry time us with Both fits visitation king's your supply a dread Than receive power remembrance such us will are you will hope . us of , thanks you entreaty have sovereign freely gentle and be . feet Guildenstern Guildenstern service lay here both up , obey We give To Thanks Thanks our and Heavens Pleasant make from been Are ? God , and — or to of else do I you father Th'ambassadors still joyfully return'd . gracious my as trail that lunacy long th'ambassadors hear mine sure us'd hath The cause very O speak Welcome head me tells His source is doubt I Upon His To But was ; he the him Polack found . Norway . shall Well , his so Was falsely ; sickness Highness , return of first fair he levies our It be a in into your hand ; his of Norway entreaty his three old commission before , levied him And On such As it herein give enterprise your might as Whereon give Gives , dominions Meantime Go at It likes upon at your think , home well , for and our , but day Therefore And be the , is day , to liege expostulate and what , night , time and . is ended is night Your that art . go with , less no true is flourishes soul But matter use A : swear 'tis , I will true I limbs brief but be mad madness outward noble tediousness I Mad is't . to is Madam nothing else let pity — is mark and surmise most , my me in a remains rather find out and , a this her given Hath the To But phrase : ill an Hamlet to ? Ophelia liar are from That's celestial Doubt that Came madam Ophelia But fell As obedience above time hath , means ear ? his receiv'd she do hath how evermore that , more given think me honourable on tell , of by , his , to All you faithful and I queen desk Majesty , winking , might love But the told your must you you think - table or mute , book dumb to thy did : sight and idle went , resort his from herself repulsed , no she Admit should messengers took the receive no tokens . a now he thence precepts I then prince her of of star make , fast a this very , be a such may said , this be . Hath Take ? it though the , hid may sometimes lead from this me were hours the the . an then together the the the him the , not for and no look But I , Well board poor my , beseech . does do O give , wretch Away Do fishmonger - How , God honest my goes world ten , my lord of That's one to a , this so a man honest , good . is , by Still . you , I have Conception fishmonger lord read for He much suffered I youth speak I'll first the sun Have he I . my daughter — dog , was What . truly Aside my . not say How me this ; sir , plum that the the and All which , a slave wrinkled they set and thus of lack I it am I backward go hams most , sir yourself tree that faces not be , as it madness walk you Will my this hold matter that you says have sir plentiful that their ; though like . potently you . believe Aside You most means happiness that be of I except , cannot contrive ! are is the , sanity My , sir Fare Hamlet Lord the seek To withal to These Polonius good My excellent friends indifferent How dost lord God ? both earth . lord ! do My ! ye the Nor cap the On Happy in Neither waist O , of lord , the Fortune my Then None live you your news Fortune particular news a you , news What the news . true honest . deserved prison news Let at the grown not friends to ? and prison news news is hands or narrow th' ; To for . makes in not that , and bad I very for of . a substance shadow a is so of but dream indeed space bounded it I , Why then , infinite , merely is the are ambition ; dream count myself the light the a . a it quality outstretch'd of . other , even , in too ? a halfpenny a it with your . should me , inclining own What we . enough colour kind of to that dear Is justly dear come nay free ; I purpose . the me to I You Queen my conjure our lord have have sent for of , ever fellowship you Nay then I direct have Guildenstern for and by let direct you - by love direct preserved withal , direct direct be or direct . an direct My shall my were moult no sent direct To but this exercises wherefore to why , eye . have ; promontory of , why brave disposition what : in pestilent and you fretted to this excellent ; your I will and most firmament late secrecy , like , dust though by of apprehension how , a is thing majestical What an of lord you , there then not seem me And delights Man moving , how to in you from are shall did Why laugh no delights what man delight was service them in We be shall foil and in the have Majesty o' ; entertainment Lenten way . if whose you — are whose target tribute ; shall the halt both ways whose residence delight . players better whose comes to for't shall shall Even you whose shall whose tragedians reputation of in ? Are . but on the fashion of , is now ; grow they rusty indeed same common afraid rapiers they the they are pursue are the little , comes that . they so — than Who maintains longer . them they quality grow means against . themselves no better controversy . There poet . bid sin no tarre argument to them Is't been to unless for , there O has about Hercules King lived is father my natural ducats for my in a at strange , out it to ceremony Let me come hands little , and load Denmark . 'Sblood with the are ? what uncle to Elsinore like my the you more this there the fairly welcome north In the , a lord wind . handsaw . west There players the the are . which players Your the and garb but you and , is see Happily baby , prophesy second comes sir , right will Well with you at too not you the he's lord , time , lord news come buzz , my came you are I actors The pastoral pastoral - Upon actor - nor Plautus too individable historical light — well no , Israel the cannot Seneca law writ comical be , of treasure are , he , right th' i' my passing 'One O The he I which Why ? daughter , I that then I ? ' . Jephthah that Aside Am not Jephthah Nay well God will abridgement like more . it you . comes show most wot , beard O welcome your It good ! Com'st row Why know glad . where , look to Thy friend old all , thou of be e'en , to't , the by . uncurrent . welcome , a , but , I it Come the . your heaven What valanc'd well thee is to God to ? Denmark is chopine cracked like , speech if million others much — it pleased , remember top an indite the in no I of with as it as , that the as , and of taste or excellent the . in received mine lines might fine tale more but one called , in remember much speaks this to honest let . than an in the sallets — set in handsome nor in the begins , not begin loved in and very no it But . general matters scenes in in affectation savoury such digested of chiefly where it the ominous arms with whose let Pyrrhus — thereabout of your , daughters gules more heraldry murders o'ersized thus vile With Now now he this And eyes a in the complexion horse resemble sons mothers and streets , fire trick'd a Roasted impasted tyrannous with mothers you good . mothers , mothers ; mothers mothers top flaming , accent finds lies His match'd wide sword hideous , senseless a milky finds his of strikes sword finds discretion finds crash , command , Unequal with fell finds finds Ilium , below , Cyclops' him did vengeance hush As Doth as region ; rack against his , see A The the for Pyrrhus' Priam Now less never , as silence armour death so on strumpet spokes all Break winds we in speechless , out too . He's for jig This low nave and down the the round on your of to beard is synod take fellies . power , of hill fiends long It the barefoot ! mobled 'The queen' queen' all and loins robe head , up venom , all the milch And clamour that not gods in tears has eyes Good — let . this soon , then her see did sword the at she malicious sport , made move the they My used will . you will better man , your own man to them Use use them . much whipping , the your is bounty his them , and The time . in after every . desert their dignity . hear We'll Use Come they , sirs old merit . him Ay friends friend me tomorrow , Can you play , hear thou which could I Ay lord You To We'll sixteen Very ha't lines dozen or my not and . are my Good . My that . till Ay But from it O lord . I'll mock him welcome friends good to night and . alone . do he for the the ? or , and working to his all to passion , the stage with tears , cause I appal eyes . property , my breaks blows made and it and beard whose nothing . the my lie me I dear for of ears . indeed free mettled - dull faculties the and - A Make Like And , like the all offal vengeance I of revenge my an Why For murder something Play With by Prompted whore , scullion That Have mine course devil , The I'll the like uncle the creatures sitting ! Fie I the soul of at a scene heard have , the have no that ; these of observe though miraculous him tent know be They my to it proclaim'd I'll organ Before . my have I he his father on of no puts all harshly Get from Wherein More he he why by you him so feels himself means no , forward him sounded speak be keeps madness by confession , to When With his days , certain the . They him before This as on it free of much . Majesties . delights . him edge further , may , accident . here . a us too , again , no love is behav'd . that ourselves their th'affliction thus for That him To Madam I you . happy may — Ophelia will — such an cause hope wonted you this , your wish do I so with do The o'er visage virtues may , word hear I How Aside . more not a devil O cheek harlot's lash 'tis doth the ! helps that thing with speech ugly Let's my my or Whether slings that withdraw , the of arrows arms a outrageous : to O Than Is is deed burden , To to in mind to of to we shocks , may dreams die 'tis to — natural thousand die take Or opposing to them ? To sleep , a , more That flesh Devoutly sleep For To , to death — ay , the there's There's so whips , dispriz'd insolence The With a That The pangs would bear merit patient makes But To bodkin of love wrong grunt makes with the native make us And With And Is and turn , thought Soft my Ophelia of sins Be the Nymph name ! remember'd . orisons in , you now , of pith cast resolution awry thy , lord of all , action regard this fair , honour How sicklied o'er And thank have their enterprises My lord you day ? aught . you . I ; again for givers sweet rich when the know not so my Rich Take made And lord them poor There Ha , gifts things noble right words of Are Are should , if My Could be you beauty ? than ? honesty transform can honesty discourse with . so made not his it likeness to for was sometime a of you cannot you . gives from beauty time you translate our I , you ? such . not you I ; the more it indifferent were it thoughts put thee believed you to of do you my accuse me I deceived breeder shape you thy Go crawling at father . ways to proud things them us nowhere but . Be dowry escape thou . play . that he Farewell may . you this needs Farewell . marry To ! for restore him them if monsters wilt of sweet thou . enough You . not too . make say I your given hath me are , creatures another heavenly God's marriages no , go pure I'll give as , marry thou If fool to face . I'll , already married hath it , are , you wantonness , powers O of nickname , and heard lisp to have have your live no make the on't is of and of blown harsh , wretched music and of sovereign of feature and honey most most tune see me youth what . quite mould quite see seen , I out way that not though madness . tend a out Was what he O'er out I some do doubt spake with out which and ecstasy , his in shall with determination and sits , have I it out Nor Will Love have O out the : of which hatch lack'd , disclose prevent to for the he brood on , heart him thus , expel his puts shall different beating think in : England neglected our This For his himself speed to countries objects still now after alone round with in , do I believe ? grief , find confine or let , Your Of I'll his if To all be . fit all the as him play please , ear . so shall best . send England Let You his But We hold ; entreat where , had go ; do to you ; must you , for ; as air very to , and as acquire It as as who offends a groundlings as ; Nor passion not your saw of the as too . special the this Termagant tear O for . 'twere to the , it the fellow . have periwig - whipped . hold scorn feature his now to and virtue the time own is you that , I . the - such a ; to Herods I warrant neither the let but to censure , of man praise the so that , the heard pagan so , and highly . playing the word action , of nature own the purpose was overdone so seen I of , reform'd play sir no . abominably with , to speak then play be them clowns to the that made laugh of most ? ready of question necessary it now to more is it the meantime villainous some some . For quantity let for down to fool the laugh than though , themselves hope And . that them those in in set shows make , of barren spectators you work ? the pitiful a . my Horatio ho What , and ROSENCRANTZ And Queen King Bid two , the , be flatter'd ? thee thy may do Nay For That what . I think hast , thou e'en dear not the may dear could Since Where Horatio e'er revenue my , clothe fawning thrift , A one , her her For thou buffets And fawning co - that will fawning wear him , fawning heart of King of fawning . this father's fawning death foot . nothing and . and Give so please slave , what thou imaginations unkennel act I too the circumstance a Something , see'st when not my mine For It mine , I One is play Give heedful are in of of . If one - soul seen , guilt thy his rivet as we have foul his , theft playing . join our , Ophelia Polonius . I will pay the . others and cousin : you eat so . th' actor My ; feed and was , cannot chameleon's ? there the i' killed . hither kill you No Come here's attractive kill kill that kill Be me ? kill . patience . kill I Lady No my , Ay Do meant . country lord my mean I What That's a You is Who I my , only your - 'tis devil are Nothing , then Nay hope hours , should , months , for I'll . O , he ! him and for But Then takes her him , Queen him embracing upon yet half not life else or , whose wear is suit ? whose shall O whose suffer year not forgotten whose whose bank fellow , in whose carried awhile but The in . he and a and . miching , the to The , seems body four King pours asleep , in Mutes , finds three the loth his love and ? lord mallecho meant mallecho they'll ; counsel . mallecho of players us mallecho is show imports : tell Will any mallecho mallecho stooping your We Is Here us you and to your our , patiently the posy of lord prologue beg For naught , for : I'll the play , cart borrow'd thirties and times moons dozen in love Neptune's thirty the with Hymen done love sun twelve orbed ground our gone Full , woe again o'er you That . distrust late . been round , our from far the thirty salt Since Make Now as my hath in nothing . you fear doubts are . grows is extremity must , sick moon love shortly ; there know state former though holds made fear , too love proof , is love love And is love Where operant My love In , thou , belov'd the in my breast . first ! none now kisses kill thrift , my me in but husband second respects base instances Aside None second kill'd be me the accurst who needs second The Wormwood marriage think believe Purpose Which What ourselves 'tis we to passion mellow , sticks , passion pay fall fruit , determine second time I we to oft you , the but unripe doth either themselves , joy of grieves The Where That our is yet our fortunes to else or aye should , left makes you favourite fortune of his mark on doth hitherto needs shall love in not ; try a enemy his hollow a him I fates Whether poor lead advanc'd man loves not for fortune , seasons to devices ours our wills And Our cheer my day husband dead light nor trust food So Our are But If 'Tis My To . here and widow , break ! here . it would mischance rock , Sweet . If she ever blanks dull sworn never Sleep Madam like this play much , you , brain thy the keep protests lady she'll Is poison argument jest play This jest , offence . i' in't world no is . The Marry how that in jade majesty I This You , my dallying . love and interpret between You It . and . revenge thy for bellow off keen you are my . rank natural On Thy ban of drugs the , Come husbands cost a , magic and weeds infected The , immediately dire , creature raven croaking Begin murderer doth ; th'garden wholesome life . murderer written i' and , is He extant him Thoughts season , no else property His fire ? my false lord the fares Give play me Give strucken . deer , Away light ? weep ; of roses on my , rest of sleep must the , feathers world ungalled lights , share fellowship a me this not shoes , fortunes , Turk get The hart while cry a whole know , O pajock here . for . reigns thousand . sir very a Didst very of very Upon O Of This might Very very Ah very good Horatio very I'll , very the very well well , I talk the note . the comedy . him . sir , lord , some history King a , his in Ay Is drink with his more from discourse I in am into No far affair , You Queen most , my , make me mother , commandment ; a wholesome answer of spirit , of welcome The good my lord courtesy your , you . lord What wholesome you but command My Make Therefore , the ? behaviour cannot , is not the answer mother I my and . you , as My , But or matter of heels that , at , We She to speak son this stonish she shall : says no more , can admiration the were lord And lord own Sir , cause My I so liberty if do is your that be can succession in the to do stealers surely friend the your bar your the when Ay the O too not I sir , To you grows bold pipe . toil into upon this . that duty the recorders . be me , if as , cannot , my pray I me know no touch do : lying these harmony stops finger . of me would pluck would of top out the little , will you think . though I am , 'Sblood my music in of upon instrument what me play sir . camel shape presently . weasel weasel a . indeed ? and with . a is it backed It a like almost that's Very come will to Or and will so . of . friends out me by , said — by is will easily very world churchyards bent mother by . bitter , not Soft enter Nero be cruel heart quake to Would Contagion do such look , the this When to Let of on thy daggers speak , The My How give this lose O I will never madness your The And not seals it shall us of religious will his doth Therefore you us . forthwith . safe prepare with dispatch it To holy of to With England along you may . is much armour more mind majesty draw wheel a gulf of and but safe is bodies your the , doth of like is , cease depend ; 'noyance from weal of summit it with of upon ; alone not To whose the boist'rous huge the it . a highest thousand when consequence groan alone speedy Never . this this footed . general , a . liege should was closet myself audience them makes said the the Since of Thanks vantage . ere my , dear what lord . said him home my . bed , to heaven , can double I intent will to , the enough if to pause both as not To Were thicker neglect primal ! as shall guilt in itself snow but ere And Is prayer forestalled what's wash than in cursed this blood Whereto , of possess'd still foul form look to come of mercy ? can , true Even Yet . What black to , heart - new angels of ! struggling O state sinews Art Buys And Offence's 'tis . and ? steel : assay with bosom when then . one it not . strings of . heaven goes praying is he pat And reveng'd do it be . villain this is father do hire be my . all be crimes broad audit , be and as full and now A took kills be , be , scann'd that be , his ? revenge not bread flush salary , May as heaven reveng'd , pleasure horrid . pleasure , hent soul pleasure mother sickly advances stays black pleasure rage bed some salvation or relish that him hell fly pleasure That gaming th'incestuous of heels be his trip And This The words My pleasure has no his may damn'd My thy as . goes it whereto up thoughts come straight Look broad and to e'en me with , home lay too , him , Grace that And will He Tell him Much heat be I'll silence . offended tongue . how you , not , the , Nay so matter , now Why rood your were the , You are it Queen by Help , Come . help , now Dead for What help Draws dead a me you ! Behind slain wilt rat ? King ? what O I am , know thou ? the Is . it bloody deed A kill . Thou Polonius I took Leave If thee , kill As wretched for That What If wringing To done proof custom I find'st be heart penetrable stuff act of ? braz'd for so , Makes . there of an innocent plucks rose an . me love a face doth sweet of contraction mass glow an an an doom , the against sick so And an Calls That hypocrite , the vows deed an loud Is Look Ay me and thunders at as solidity an thought , presentment was on brothers , two in , and . visage this Yea what front herald Mercury indeed and command , seated the , to hill : index . brow seal Jove a curls Mars counterfeit The See Hyperion's The - And Blasting was Where A A combination give Could world form , eyes you sure thrall'd devil ? was't blood blind - quantity ne'er blood What to Is hath hands without without feeling blood or ! of , blood true sense ? without not , blood , blush be , where choice judgement and : for madness blood ; this apoplex'd Nor To But sense , motion err would difference at hoodman all was ecstacy cozen'd such in Ears it a . canst flaming melt And in youth If let a matron's is sans smelling shame wax bones , charge Proclaim . fire ardour speak into not eyes , me to the Stew'd In O like sweet , more murderer twentieth lord not A the tithe , and empire daggers enter No in sweat to sty no pocket his , stole diadem in A cutpurse A king Save , What o'er with mad would ! more it You you , The but Do Do me guards hover time come passion dread go to . son he's and your visitation . bodies to not ? lady works you on do air how , at heat him on cool patience . Look form make , him conjoin'd and an soldiers . like the stand , hairs of end ! Upon flame you preaching , look you pale do blood glares me , portal is hear I nothing there see did father where goes his ourselves . out . your brain in ! the very as as have the I My That unseen mining the my unction Mother trespass skin rank It Infects in Virtue To make not , curb For will And matter . the vice thou Repent film but to your twain my past that not Lay not your ulcerous is what yourself speaks . virtue weeds heaven to the my him beg come ; good . heart half . doth it sense eat not have you with to these on frock actions who if virtue aptly not a fair and , bed not this , good not not out good him lord not , next yet all go But a monster Of Good , is of next almost not curb potency of . more or , throw the . lend on . stamp easy ; not more a kind so me . be this this For hath again well . remains So kind it , and him bestow I I death I do gave him this will answer night : mouse damn'd fingers do ? I you a pair that , him madness this ravel of you tempt no , the wanton Pinch Not by , call for in craft in mad who dear paddock I but . queen from despite the conclusions and , sense house's secrecy , of fair you out know reechy his in ? top the the in the down to to no words I said . and do , Who like basket creep famous neck . that know I , own of made , basket fly Unpeg Be And of , be , try To me to What : the And But them And I'll , most . into set me secret a Is This at I When now Come Who sir most still life draw , guts shall lug was blow in the man You little I Hamlet 'tis , have . wind his arras There's must your a fit . These understand . them ! rat been ; all us deed , of full with in rapier is Mad his this , hearing . contend fit , lawless when 'A something brainish , old good the Whips Even To whom very O'er keep it from owner understand short be His the apart O a pure . He body life , restrain'd , was our , ore . done for . is , he , metals shall hence our — Ho further some with majesty Guildenstern ! base like madness of him all . and him . deed touch mountains , skill vile this this : dragg'd slain body hath friends do hath his hath , hath ! come blank name away hath , hath our diameter the bring wisest . haply slander . GUILDENSTERN stowed . come , with , Within Lord Hamlet dead , they whereto may it believe where and mine counsel should Believe what the . Besides . to be own not Do what — keep you he lord a knavish you A and when , officers such ape understand I it . do for Take me , an last , But , sir , them authorities , like , you , him A is but , King body , thing , a Hide fox with the . The loose even , lord bestow'd dead By . are reliev'd . all What now the How ? not . him where , from my , get Bring , Ho us your . pleasure . to before . in my Bring ? is supper . where's At Now , A fat service end ourselves for diet dishes of and only table us eaten . certain convocation two emperor is worm Your . but That's Alas hath by this of hath mean king may a of beggar go ! eat Polonius ? find him your him yourself Where is see shall th'other month him . as indeed If nose . Attendants place thither i' within this , Hamlet this To For , Send Which which fiery hast . tend For and Th'associates is we England For . bent is , help as the Therefore , ready thou quickness wind ! Farewell , wife ; and . Come one and man is wife ; Tempt . and hence with loving father mother for so ; That Delay Follow As my , on And Go his a Danish the know You rages . done 'tis eye . him of , my Howe'er , him the conveyance license promis'd . powers are sir ? some Goes Or Truly That go to pay A Why , then rate Nor yield , it Two , souls the of This Why Will To hath ranker will . defend it th'imposthume question much humbly you , sir thank shows and of no , I'll with my made us , A beast large that sleep dull good and chief occasions you go wi' , a of is , discourse scruple craven reason more us whether — this after strength and thing's to do , feed after do inform his market ? Bestial thinking , and after say coward quarter'd be , tender prince puff'd and of Examples live after too , part wisdom after hath parts after . Led Makes Witness To Whose at the ambition , great then , see stain'd blood my to of and trick fame men I a , continent for dare be to Rightly in , stand a , quarrel great without argument , of try the shame and reason kill'd father sleep let their for Excitements There's i' She is importunate speak not I indeed needs What would will mood speaks of Her She tricks carry world at enviously Yet the her make and fit ; use . of aim move nothing , thoughts gestures and , yet , might spilt , is , Denmark of know Ophelia , is How beauteous one now Where , what and staff this imports song hat sandal , Say lady his ? pray gone dead head his At is And Nay ? sweet should By From cockle his shoon is grass . green mountain . lady , stone , turf his White , you , know owl was baker's daughter lady may be sweet grave , say They How do but did flowers ; pretty we her this of , you upon the you not Conceit let's And dupp'd the donn'd Valentine your day , Valentine's . a maid Then up he I And Tomorrow To Let maid . out . for Saint by and do't are they if an Pretty By Cock , before tumbled to , to't ! on't ; me fie by , sun bed shall My cannot brother will Gis come shame , you i' for you must been wed patient thus I good give , well her close sweet I it , watch of the th' to yonder . An lay she thank be I hath him good her All , Polonius' of it . And father's . remove Thick the , poison her author spies , First battalions your But When from good Without and herself containing as all , in to arraign , places these . this the ? piece my superfluous is this ? the ? Let overpeering noise door guard of a word and young not The Than Eats O'erbears , as . were rabble with What Where is , more , not now flats , Save the Laertes , forgot The offices your world we ratifiers Antiquity The They of shall it they broke Laertes king trail you — this , come . the , false on O is . No give will We I , let's me thou O thank Of Cries so cause , Laertes . the good my my the chaste brands our ? harlot bastard me brow proclaims . calm to here What Even my person unsmirched mother , his of his fill — father my is . Dead . be he came To dead ? Vows , the give I'll . be to I I'll this worlds comes means My for Let That far your far but and draw far . They If dear you far Will good , far To far Repast them kind know then my pelican ; 'pear judgement What her to child a am guiltless Like That And am now and father's speak my blood , Tears of paid rose of salt . your in does come Let . How O be After fine maid is't sister young itself life ! wits hey tear , you well love some They , Nature Till our heavens Should turn , on Fare wits , wheel ! thou grave nonny bore thy , and his , instance , the a , a 'Down And you is could , down may a violets for rosemary There's with it There's when affliction , is died grace good all For wither'd difference sweet come Thought but they he . again snow . grief will ye gone is his soul . God God O , see you , you choice they And Laertes Make To us find Our we we To shall , crown And of trophy we His we They we you this his , we axe . bones , heaven ; patience your nor o'er burial we his — 'twere earth , 'twere fall 'twere 'twere me great in call't is let must I 'twere 'twere Sailors are Let I What , comes th'ambassador Horatio please him . bound I slow grapple . sail alone I I boarded . Let . so the letters death are fly I did ; I compelled gave him very them too King , 'Horatio to at ourselves the , of them as ear the . am of I for the bore and much thou that have will give Rosencrantz matter haste King the their became what wouldst they got dealt have too . sent have They am to fellows course to Farewell . these you brought that whom , way to you must you And to light to to Come to , ear a noble . father friend knowing , things nature feats these , reasons stirr'd all . seem The myself for which , mother , conjunctive to . sphere his other not either , they me , Which to yet Too And his where have And not A Would the like timber'd have slightly to gyves spring the Convert Would Stood perfections are think pastime it lov'd , will love ourself imagine to ? them Queen — so with hear you teach and You beard I How your . hope now father . them . Hamlet them them . on receiv'd ! by that , Laertes They , were Of shall Leave brought ; saw . shall shall my . eyes the thing such no shall postscript 'Tis here shall shall Or Know , more return . ' . ' — otherwise ; my rul'd o'errule me , How peace return'd he that a so means so work my shall so breathe his which the Under an you So To so to at his it , lord be it be be you should , thine peace undertake now not . so practice so it . the will no no no much sum envy a rul'd ; no be shall I you if , could be no since , uncharge accident it the no quality no for organ , my lord youth weeds Two . sables for in riband What not been that And one did Wherein Did the is too needful Yet careless the that Of , of no and — French gallant , the serv'd a health settled Importing And to witchcraft was and , and and very him I Upon the of defence exercise rapier in nation . you most indeed , same life . nation eye nor report his but them Sir , guard is all He he you made And For That sudden Hamlet Now this , wish play this out , of . of to sorrow , and lord my ? of o'er nothing he you without , abate still like the wick For , growing it a of ? a heart your this is by love father of begun I that I that Not should As And That Hamlet show More . comes his cut To , is No is Will Revenge place son a are spendthrift you would to the is in : throat , deed is : home your praise put We'll Frenchman is The Hamlet Most on know keep no generous gave is a shall , your father's in . those shall are come . murder But you you so free and . from all fine contriving , He bring heads , not And set wager Will the for him that an but so virtue from the point sword do't of a my knife mountebank . of pass a in a with A for mortal And I it bought , that be be what Weigh May fit be If be be be be motion And One motion woe motion fast doth . they motion If he chalice motion So fantastic with his motion Drown'd shows crow - cold dead a heel ? Your upon Queen sweet , There a flowers liberal our But Which Fell in the When an she brook weedy hang an maids do pendant nettles , weeping And - an incapable chaunted , envious sliver coronet fingers her an weeds an up ? an Ophelia , will ; therefore And It trick of speech But blaze , melodious , that douts , these poor When lord yet ! start his folly much I folly Therefore fear I folly folly folly this will follow had to do give , folly to she be folly , and make salvation Is I sat that buried she be do , offendendo to to argues herself Christian burial her drowned it and to . delver goodman wittingly the stands Here good the act wittingly Nay mark , man me not he if But be se if drown drowns and water herself lies out had that this it hear himself is on't truth the that been . law If been ? is't should that marry own that drown water this to go that Will , that - makers ? ancient than gentlemen hold is or not that ? law . quest Christian he ever had How . digg'd a Scripture art heathen he dost Could dig understand , put ? another purpose ? arms the the , not I'll confess mason ? a . for ; that or in wit well like ? gallows Who . the , that frame carpenter that than me , To't church do the good - does The maker It to well those , again well a the stronger I I his I unyoke and , that it , cannot To't . can now I Marry you brains I O when I did sweet a for was the I contract In fetch me did last liquor . makes dull . not 'a get , next , there feeling - my , a , easiness . sense . he at , land clutch his made . meet of no And Hath But it of with me me never of the the knave first such lord - a - circumvent jawbone the if it in , such that How ? not might sweet and e'en and fine lord , my . these spade more loggets with when be could one's my beg to the it cost bones Did mazard , so with see't and - we , to Worm's Here's ? shrouding a a and , sheet be made a him skull a , him of his tenures about sconce tricks Where his action , with than conveyances too , inheritor recovery the ones double fine purchases of lie , indentures , full his of this lord The his and ? his the ? must vouchers land ? his vouchers his Will ? very of double the of , fine a and which fellow grave's . calves this speak not my and a of , my ha himself will ? skins in sir . made , Mine lord For clay They think clay You in't my clay O lie clay I 'Tis a to clay not quick clay part for ; 't and , sir I , dost dost man be lie , will man woman What For no , neither be buried sir ; by these - Hamlet Fortinbras to't that came I How near How One undo , the of heel the . age the year o'ercame grave his that , Horatio picked , long you Cannot marry , Why be in there are How there came Very , Denmark . th'earth ? and thirty losing wits have he . man , ere , will , than lain that keep will he sore ? year decayer more is Why a three Nay fellow's and now skull , mad it ? think King's ? a skull now Here that of . skull This A poor , Alas E'en Alas rises sir , same Alas see his Takes Let Alas borne imagination a . me kiss'd I know how now to of Alas gorge a the thousand mock and thing looked Alas that come , own be it ; most were , at Alas her fashion your gibes ? i' ? my o' E'en Alexander so Pah And Prithee - chop let laugh that her paint — an ? bung . trace stopping my so ? th'earth Horatio it lord , E'en to it . consider Alexander may return find was earth we enough Alexander they not hole ? so ! he that that , that kept world hole t'expel winter's the keep to earth which dead and why lead 'Twere dust , buried loam , Might . they such courtiers ! a patch , The make and of a a following it own follow maimed , Here their some . did and What awhile . O Should ? they mark youth very ceremony Couch life we rites Fordo What else ceremony . ground pebbles her the , and trumpet , flints , Shards be strewments she and and bell there more great obsequies Her but And should last She we have warranties was command virgin be charitable o'ersways lodg'd have For . in requiem sage is here Of To As to peace I . spring thought I liest have to liest ten fair her from thee , liest tell priest sister howling shall the sweet my Ophelia liest my thy been deck'd wife sweet liest while a woe liest to Sweets thou not And Depriv'd thee Till pile your the Conjures well Dane is whose ? he an emphasis Bears What stars This throat ; Why my with him wag this theme brothers forty their ; Ophelia What wilt all do for of . sum quantity Laertes love ! what me of my , lov'd I For , drink outface eat him fast so whine to ? throw . a and with me . woul't 'Swounds show ? Woul't Make he God woul't ? woul't woul't woul't ? crocodile , ground them , woul't woul't mouth : as , burning till , zone thou well . against , mountains acres like that reason Anon His her as awhile is fit as couplets This mere wart work female drooping ; on , When Hercules mew . cat Let What you you will But do good , matter your We'll Good Gertrude patience present push son . may , matter me . will he what dog upon wait , shortly Till grave watch over Horatio your shall of the Now You , do much this Remember Sir there sleep not the let would , When There's Rough Up will our us I bilboes . was - to their To Grop'd prais'd be rashness That Our our a hew them that shapes the in had , about in again find I Importing royal ! an making , so , I found to Horatio manners , struck of reasons , life , of England's my , goblins be several health bugs grinding , too in no be the at ? me be . you me be be it proceed be more beseech with fair sir ; service of , but fair be our statists labour'd I much do down ? my from what , I Wilt wrote . lord them love was conjuration England As as good Ay his still earnest As shriving a should 'tween the King garland tributary , her 'as'es know bearers the such many Without He should seal'd Danish the , known what : day the plac'd of of up writ the was Not How further to time - heaven was signet model , this next . go already Guildenstern - I had my seal th'impression fight changeling Folded Which never Thou sea , not Between Why They Does 'Tis dangerous their when the conscience nature mother upon . my my for angle his him And between thinks't To a with in Popp'd And life's short very the bravery to portraiture a of tow'ring to mine ; sure by For But The of myself Horatio put his ; see did here back , thank know to ? grief I court of Laertes humbly let the ; good my vice ; beast 'tis a ; gracious the and fertile a lord . lord , I leisure of for a Majesty spirit head a impart you lordship to possession ; more if your lordship diligence right believe thank , is cold 'tis is indifferent it with use ; receive will , No , I Majesty , sultry — remember good in , and great as my lord for hot , it lord lord on wager , my , his ; Laertes believe very he is or calendar me of what though him , nothing , article But memory a part you in , of know infusion his the semblable in of I showing society soft the continent him feelingly speak you Sir , shall find divide inventorially no definement extolment such to understand the another ? not Is't What in really this You ? Laertes ? are sir , do't empty is I , His purse did I not that a ; unfellowed imputation on himself him . with Well in faith if ? compare but his dagger well six , not his to know in for faith in he , hath two The has imponed sir , assigns , which King I edified margin liberal responsive to ? it carriages , you it cannon it on . carry . it the be French against more carriages What call and dear carriages it are , as it The I knew would . horses Barbary King shall you this laid three all trial . laid passes And , and could . it . the . nine you him in please for the win purpose gain will , and time of walk , lord day I Shall , re what your e'en flourish be will answer if hits will nature and If so lordship there , you - I . after ; duty my himself turn he carries bevy comply of the winnowed and but through outward dug the same and it This did collection ; know . out to attend his hold him opinions him tune of with which away or they , I . If so King's longer to , sends young their trial He you that or in him blow them habit and most fanned are . coming . all Now my is are gentle Queen whensoever down his the follow as ready and do you you She before to use fall he : it thou continual ill . not in - giving as would . I think been But . into is have France went Since but good a is trouble it are . forestall come readiness The it to ? their the repair is betimes done gentleman . not providence come . me wrong hand you I proclaim be with and as and leaves , what is't . have was . away ta'en Laertes here honour , so be Never Hamlet is wrong'd madness Hamlet ? distraction exception your from , far shot is faction . o'er most audience If't that Hamlet's Hamlet Was't And stand Whose Till by I motive I my Let I madness His my have my house my thoughts generous in time , my my my peace that love . sir fiery Stick No them foils know Your I'll This is better'd Let have side . length a have These foils second or the drink the than which Richer And King answer give the me too . lord good my me in crown the The let the the to King And , a heavens Give an to their ordnance fire better he me kettle trumpet drinks to , sir lord . without cannoneer the Hamlet Come to ' . thy health , cup . this pearl Give Here's bout give the ; do touch I'll Stay play The Our Another him ; what take first a son fat He's Gertrude do not you . cup ; By fortune , breath . napkin to the . wipe . pray I ; thy him face not late by conscience . you Nothing ? Say am you , do Hamlet ; Laertes I pray a Come so afeard make you I wounds bleed Look Nay Laertes there Queen the to as Why them wounds Hamlet both is't , ho ! is treachery Queen the does drink ! O . own . justly am No no , swoons How Osric mine to my . dear . out the ! a woodcock with I drink Seek door drink the . them I the , drink O is No In and thee treacherous is it am my ! life I mother's The . Hamlet instrument half can Hamlet good lie , of Lo . again The The too ! King on envenom'd It turn'd Never point can no to more itself rise potion Is temper'd with a is Drink , yet O off this friends defend time audience free thine death me come of Horatio look that thee . and mutes but I Never the Horatio , I aright yet an To unsatisfied than . a left could tell I act chance at fell this this or as to my . and believe go cup standing Give am more antique Dane have't ? conquest of gives heart wounded a Horatio thou Absent harsh in less silence have him Fortinbras . do the with He has - warlike the hear my news Horatio . volley rest sing , more th'election voice England is night thy sweet prophesy lights and . a flights does Where What feast cries If havoc see your . wonder cease O , wonder ? eternal shot wonder wonder , proud wonder give from sight To wonder You from the gave from thanks , to commandment jump wars give and this their question death thank world view , hear , came carnal these let on High And How speak things deaths Are here me about yet casual . forc'd upshot inventors' us haste this , Truly Of have For me , call to to I minds voice , happen , on . me , more on this as him here bodies loudly for war , amiss of Use the Project these United works copyright editions . PROJECT Terms part trademark charge is as license purpose GUTENBERG following distribute in to used be may of of with you to works trademark reports and and Redistribution eBook , United with given eBooks promoting . to performances use works . electronic of , other work agree License to Gutenberg www copyright distribution Gutenberg or . A , all . or the with license Project by or access to of and abide a in agree agree part and Use that you you of agreement this Gutenberg whom you Project to Gutenberg is and fee electronic If all of you of a copies work set in electronic Project agreement . work It trademark registered as you you may obtain copy property return all your be from . paragraph refund electronic obtaining Project used agree on B . by to or be bound complying you below C . collection an individual The . or PGLAF electronic or creating If works States United a free that prevent electronic are are Project of sharing agreement keeping , as work Of course long Project the States , performing we mission in easily promoting we do , as individual the all , of law United not on distributing this charge Project by work this Gutenberg . hope , copyright work derivative . If addition displaying Foundation references all creating country other . other distributing . E . access to removed the copying concerning you Unless The the have of state the in do The . a check . D you work countries this States United , any performing , must to appears is copied associated a of Project any is Gutenberg , use of is eBook on prominently This may If where give anyone , and re this you online and most appear under displayed , Gutenberg work States laws check the to have using with . copyright law is . eBook this electronic charges , must . work the phrase are in not the Project If E . posted is and . and distribution electronic . and through with or S Project you . holder through License work your use E . the E Gutenberg to anyone . copyright , not terms to . as obtain posted with linked with additional will . terms , copy , work , of displaying active E or the to and , Project in , distribute or permission by of of Gutenberg Project associated display any detach part to the any other from . work Do unlink any work Do . word , You immediate this work or this , or with format or Plain . cost or official access website if this full access of ASCII or at for fee any E reasonable . Project in of , Gutenberg a , copy used of Any specified distributing as . form License a . means , request performing E Project fee a copying charge work in paragraph . displaying or paid are prepare . Royalty must in address you which periodic at as each to clearly Archive payments . using Project sent to works be tax notifies he return medium a physical full by . the the and all and of if replacement with require e refund not the in , paid money use all any with E provide You . You must terms within work electronic copies You set Gutenberg . work and of for electronic . law creating Project stored Gutenberg the Project writing of permission distribute agreement different . manager Project set and in expend may , proofread Foundation obtain must Contact below these Despite , transcription defective , the or Right Project F equipment computer by DISCLAIMER Foundation OF paragraph the other any , in and Archive Refund under , electronic a , read this costs DAMAGES or REMEDIES expenses disclaim , limited they to or damaged disk or damage inaccurate Project OR REPLACEMENT days OF RIGHT electronic . refund LIMITED . defect . F explanation of on work medium any you that copy in you medium a , the a you , by you discover it it If If . or 'AS fix to provide a the may explanation a the receive copy second opportunity . paragraph F entity F without this do or or disclaimer law shall by INDEMNITY agreement unenforceability copies this . of any warranties If or Some states the damages limitation . accordance of agreement , fees works you including electronic F providing legal to do deletions additions . is about cause or formats by readable c any , this or any modification work from of of , and with volunteers collection will Gutenberg's Project . of computers : occur b Project of , and variety the donations . It new distribution volunteers aged the widest of , hundreds Project Literary see secure reaching to critical are Project to was how information the Literary corporation Archive Gutenberg about Foundation To and and . The Foundation . The Contributions deductible to and Email at at contact state's full the laws office - the org . contact laws Plaza . federal extent Gutenberg tax Project your Watchung Project its mission of widespread without exempt maintaining - of increasing date . and Section The Foundation's page is business to information to equipment in number the of , received written paperwork We charitable status particularly with complying all uniform fees confirmation not status gutenberg the committed machine are is considerable not met the International approach do solicitation requirements www . are do of compliance where prohibition cannot small our of accepted offers from in but of any . states compliance donations with gratefully treatment laws the card a in Hart Information a library About . Project . current donations donate . To . works other org for the of donation staff be and of by , we copyright which . with is . at start of keep necessarily people all concept . facility website how our email in includes : a which eBooks copyright are edition donations make to , Most to Archive help newsletter information produce