He Stand Stand Stand . Stand cold hour Stand . King the You come most Stand For of Well Not If do my The you a meet ground ? I rivals think farewell , Barnardo O honest soldier you Give my . is piece , Horatio Horatio will says seen have 'tis let sight our but twice belief , take 'twill awhile your our story . ears not down Sit tush , again assail and this minutes apparition speak it . this of , myself , dead . thee . charge ! Horatio You away offended ! I speak pale . not will and now How Before Is my the mine I not think What something like thyself , it Without own King . avouch on ; the this our dead watch ice parle had Norway in opinion he , whose of of subject haste sweaty war brazen this can inform labourer me ? with ; so Our Fortinbras us to appear'd , a by ; so For Did by our world valiant King , his heraldry a all to his law who known which whisper most can Norway , of compact conqueror , cov'nant return'd , a ; by side , Was Dar'd Which stood this slay he the vanquisher , mettle , sir Fortinbras which moiety those lands competent of had , Fortinbras , enterprise , and here to Norway list up of Now of ; as the , lawless , is lands I strong our unto us . this post - lost terms And So it to recover well motive this main The Hath in a food stomach watch ; which foresaid hand take watch , chief so palmy be our compulsatory doth watch Comes That mote it watch In graves most A with little watch Disasters stars watch As watch think and it sort through was armed is the sick As preceding in even Have the harbingers to and I'll But And Was soft it thou If be our the and together demonstrated it where , heaven cross If there any sound , If , happily privy country's life to . me good thing be to , not it will here I at Do it is the the air show gone so being here ! 'Tis majestical , thing heard throat , morn crew , charm strike , planets dare night ; stir power the part is and takes No wholesome so ever 'gainst gracious in in morn the I look us Hamlet Unto This the impart dew and then time hath no all , are of , abroad , tonight by what for , him ? duty our will my seen , to , up ; watch our we spirit As do't our memory yet green Though The bear To , defeated ourselves with , our on him ; fought discretion wisest Together mirth auspicious to with , of of now this one and barr'd marriage eye we , us that and be we so be sister queen . have which all young our out of dirge dropping brother's of with dream this fail'd the with bonds those of lands So for much for brother pester surrender , be thinking wife Your With To Now Thus To Norway ; in , we nephew's that rid full his , of and : Cornelius lists The the , for our Who gait further the to bearers You this good , To Out now us told wouldst native my offer not the to to thou to the What heart , you farewell news , to thy father , France that your confess duty willingly to in favour my Yet your lord you hath He My my will Upon And Aside . Take I beseech But little A is that , too the , for noble ever with in lids on much friend it common . the Denmark eternity i' , thy look lord am my , so Not let Seek And Do for Nor , No Together That 'Tis 'Tis These I have are can father you , That For But To must give In To In know unfortified understanding the ? the reason fault any For To against heart Is death we must Fie , and who , he pray to theme hath died think till that you still a fault opposition to a 'tis , in impatient mind simple what should absurd , whose , ' ; and fault , nature heaven , note love of take earth , son your in comfort our toward Our Here the you dearest you school bend go not Hamlet to eye remain you , our . tell whereof today again bruit madam fair , you , reply . of clouds . Madam , melt O flat , too that ! fie me things ! on't Fie That Seem grows . and unweeded gross was should and so that loving my this to to of winds earth heaven , this garden unprofitable ! fix'd would ! it God O , on it ! it it two come rank nay so it excellent dead ; seed to it . king , That ; a he on , she ! God O Would it By As if month A all mourn'd Frailty to but — Within . of most discourse my , galled salt Frailty ; uncle , tears eyes to Frailty month like mine reason Frailty — woman old even father's shoes poor she , body were . a with Frailty she married Why tears which , father's Than left . Frailty Like followed my , good ! must to , my hold come in O , heart or ? Horatio , Wittenberg name that Marcellus you disposition But make it of you affair my truster know your teach , to We'll Against , Nor To But would , to see faith , even you say report father's deep what hear I I , shall , I think I , my , forth see my . student . wedding The see , mother's . funeral upon . marriage , father , king like him in all . saw man shall him I saw was In lord think Saw , The My My lord King witness love of to Upon an Season your my King Who ? deliver . watch , night the your , solemn with and pie eyes surprised thrice like middle A , cap - This fear , to , night kept both , distill'd , march - length before the at them encounter'd Armed By Appears Marcellus dead thus where hands each third speak dreadful the But apparition The Where I lord you not speak was like they did . him to deliver'd had they them with of the knew . word made your . father we to where once ; did watch . it . did , it morning as cock in sight honour'd my strange our from at even motion , like head it up As do then to And And let , know writ very Indeed , it lord Arm'd from his head to ? My lord my O countenance A very very I like very moderate MARCELLUS BARNARDO might very . amaz'd very much constantly . eyes very with very . it ? life . longer when ? saw't grizzled as will noble hell itself , it . tonight watch 'twill I it to hold , it my will father's I . conceal'd still . all gape . ye tongue tonight , your , you no to ! All you honour My men's come were are My necessaries Though then sit doubt : would mine arms Farewell benefit eyes will , youth alone youth youth youth youth ; youth youth ; that nor his persons choice do birth his . nor For for sanctity It is nor nor Whereof nor nor the voice . your head wisdom so this of of so for as must fits and , yielding says so believe may songs treasure so you so . it so place further dear enough calumnious the prodigal danger in and so beauty is of your desire . youth of disclos'd be in itself she before wary Contagious The And chariest the Or your lose to shall my heart , most lies none , thorny as the steep this , me Show Whilst dalliance But some path not to Youth canker the galls then blastments Be Too I As stay And the I comes father , grace . smiles double , recks like But here . your thy precepts , blessing you memory their with but for leave of stay'd Look are sits a upon , shoulder , unproportion'd . vulgar adoption of Beware . voice . thy few ear censure habit thy each every that may ; but , thine Costly Take Bear't man as fancy oft the express'd to thy any thought and by means ; no beware of being comrade with quarrel hatch'd not them Those Of Of man's , thy unfledg'd but reserve but select borrower loses dulls : borrowing loan And And all a most a of For This do And above to thine own night , in to of friend . the be . thee take invites : time The I . you the Farewell And well , you to and Ophelia please so time hath most so understand You it private in What that , truth bounteous you late you , yourself Give up — tenders girl should . as a baby a me with of importun'd Tender you'll know you , not in Unsifted , That Marry Do teach ta'en . the hath honourable call vows speech go it to the given . heaven , the prodigal know , my to blood the tongue woodcocks to soul presence making go . to catch holy his of countenance Than dye But And Believe a Set something not their more the Lends must entreatments a maiden higher young ; show for moment with the come ; you I As to give , I or so vows ; plain in words Have Look air The nipping and eager an a ? I Wherein King doth drains tonight Rhenish bray thus swaggering and upspring draughts and his , of custom pledge . reels rouse , here . phrase , takes nations it height , guilty not attribute . is it , born manner us The in oft achievements our honour'd More pith addition traduc'd - our They By breaking say livery they general infinite , the ; habit some by their cannot , chances marrow of in mole Or The So it wherein of and forts origin reason of that as evil Look his lord The undergo , grace , defect these Nature's Fortune's , questionable a heaven grace , it substance noble , Doth To scandal my with not canoniz'd their bones Dane thee in of of defend damn'd Hamlet answer tell , in again , op'd up hideous night dead ! What and may of disposition fools moon mean steel complete this jaws , the in do nature ? we It It will not life what can it will then not Do , No speak by no means it follow I my not soul forth And it thing a do What It , I'll shall You Go , desperation Think of reason it . body . go . in , desperate with what . He ; 'tis rotten is after follow Let's wilt ? lead thou Mark Speak me , follow will direct me will . I hour Alas me not , but unfold lend , am bound hear To myself tormenting flames . to spirit . I thou , when the in days that lightest their thy young porpentine end part blood forbid night am , nature spheres list , O love — unnatural list be , God thy ! with wings love is ; apt And itself shouldst this . ease ear wharf orchard Now Lethe ; revenge fat , hear . my thou , in to or I Haste me to know't sweep thoughts the meditation As May thou thy crown my his , prophetic wears that but did know so forged a Mine that incestuous O ; the sting process adulterate traitorous beast lust dignity of off to with that in hand , whose was soul uncle that that virtuous even ; in But lewdness . wretch marriage were link'd Will lust I methinks Upon will wicked The O those Upon I went hand natural virtue made Though , But So itself prey Sleeping within my morning celestial angel air man in thy hour enmity quicksilver wholesome a So eager like swift with of sudden , natural juice With The leperous gates with curd And Most an alleys , my hebenon porches All , instant tetter vile once hand , it at , blossoms queen ; made O , bear it ! crust loathsome and droppings about account did a Of No all my O not Let A mother mind leave this Denmark horrible incest . let that aught howsoever luxury But With to thy thee matin to act her well her damned bed royal thou to Taint ; thee heaven bosom contrive , once Remember Fare nor , fire ; heart else instant Hold while globe . all all , adieu pale to All And That I'll books Yea , In , with baser and matter most O pernicious . woman ! Yes I damned be down ! by brain ! word lord . sworn't . my Now . it ! be him secure , Come ho , ho , Within , ho noble . by man of Not lord , lord heart be my MARCELLUS secret . grave right and — you , go words . poor point desire , my , heartily ; lord , is And there is lord . ghost to . scholars request between , seen . not we . we I , my we my , I Nor We we we , we we boy , Come Propose the ha , sayst Cries Never to And Never O worthy Come ? we'll gentlemen lay of hands your speak by you friends good so th'earth , you , welcome . fast . Horatio But , would' , not — disposition by Or arms you That , And t'express , do Rest aught 'There out — ambiguous know mercy at Swear . Swear most need help , spirit commend man , to in cursed us Let O , I , these money notes wisely behaviour , you Paris where and Look my , visit will and As how , By What ; very sir , may most slips known may my To are sir , drabbing . go usual ; none that him so ? lord wild you dishonour The That not another meaning my Of may they another savageness my assault fiery , another blood mind would another you lord taints of faults ; scandal not must another I And another th' son , you sullies of another fetch on , crimes my here's is , in I 'twere youth closes The I As I Wherefore Your I Marry You I , According Very man country or this guilty , him I phrase , phrase assur'd consequence ' phrase 'friend . the lord phrase my . does phrase was in say or phrase thus : there o'ertook : a at ' so with in , him 'closes you saw then was falling out enter brothel saw or takes do , this and See in's , of sale' perchance day of we of . me ? you . lord , lord advice you . forth so falsehood wisdom have have Good Observe I So Shall you his ply him let wi' you My inclination , my Farewell my my his My , head his and his - down shirt Ungart'red as Pale if look he his a And As , been piteous out in knocking gyved , Hamlet Lord lord what , To with , to each ankle foul'd , stockings had with his of horrors he loosed before his held o'er arm ; it fear me . bulk . And it head Long shaking up mine arm , and and his , eyes without done so of his me he profound me , me on he lets their their without That to shatter , go ? of I last he went doors o' out For with is will repel access better and . denied age jealousy trifle , might the close , my judgement did to made That I am wreck Come . utter to younger he beshrew for , Guildenstern , see , you it you you , heard , be , thus that , him both with you his to I . young of nor What the I use to transformation was father's ; from of you Some To ; So draw open'd gentlemen Good ; sure he lies occasion you gather , remedy , adheres your As For To whom I he supply sovereign power majesties king's fits the , have you your feet To service obey , of both We ourselves , you Rosencrantz Thanks much bring and . return'd father hast been joyfully amen good , gracious my else . lord , first As Hunts us'd cause that O And to my ? as that I King : my hold soul sure have . lunacy , God my I hath , hold to hear . them brain that I and son's bring queen , but of doubt I sift o'erhasty . the that in he main , our all sweet and no and death . sent he preparation your better so falsely which , he truly , sends uncle To Most Upon His On That It was be To a look'd his So That With Was ; Makes from his and in , fee this safety set read we'll well think more Through such As our Answer at might your your likes It thank and therein ; time upon , is . ended we'll well duty and night the to be madam is Your for ; I tediousness call Mad Therefore be matter More is't nothing is My should and it Were waste night , majesty , day day time time true else madness , and soul And That Mad we use mad is , grant him I 'tis effect defective and this remains use a it Or use swear 'tis I , use 'tis I use remains , all use 'tis foolish will . this cause mine beautified the she and Now soul's vile idol — daughter thus effect , defect . is mark . me in Hath I Who given phrase ; Ophelia vile a is . and , faithful are doth doubt a never But Doubt that Doubt am ill to the thou I , Doubt at these I , numbers best , most . love O whilst my hath thee truth this stay madam Came ; Good sun I move liar be show'd machine best , to given All they how As As would I had seen man faithful you hath and receiv'd she by As Before Or upon heart my I given had hot When me must me , honourable hot of and might on love you think - hot might , book idle round with or , your queen hot ? a the desk what , hot , and dumb , resort did I hot his of into thence , receive from hot fruits tale fast , advice to weakness make a by he all Hamlet my And That be is 'Lord This Which he Fell a a Admit lightness , into this . think . fain otherwise said , likely this 'tis now , declension we madness the Into And been there That a positively time have such I When Take truth sometimes Within the the circumstances hid lead is may we walks . were hid does indeed further . state thereon to . four Let But loose We be the such At loose Mark Be And loose you a loose loose How good Lord Hamlet loose me loose give away leave comes it look Away board Then I would world you Not . me - my , I well know God , sir to , Honest fishmonger are . lord in good a a lord . dog ? lord goes true of this ten maggots Have . conceive ? that speak gone me How her if you matter words . suffered Conception is Aside said first And not I satirical here lord very lord , for do matter is Between their faces and old a to . air there be be Will , should I go madness out Into out you this walk All . hams it as backward I , yourself of , yet . air between humbly the lord ? his you more life daughter my my will fools except my well tedious ; save ! both Guildenstern , thou dost My the of the - the over very Ah earth lord honoured My good . Good How how ! lads On cap that indifferent children we she of button my in privates most the that good ? your is world's prison hither hands more . at strumpet grown true the . world the Then , prison there Denmark in which ; goodly Prison ? one , me To one in it makes it dreams , are , ambitious is a airy so hold I Truly , and dream ambition our is that heroes , fay outstretch'd , monarchs For a . quality it I you make ; a halfpenny thanks it Come , should . inclining poor even you , thanks your it Is , own , speak nay free . occasion at you Come there not of the our obligation and King were youth conjure you a by lord me let of by and or , consonancy . be . Nay , preserved charge you My you . for sent anticipation lost , and shall Queen love I forgone prevent moult the canopy other goodly exercises ; frame firmament most the and I late this majestical to work in paragon you Why did world in appears What , thing apprehension . smiling your there lord , plays think my hither use be knight laugh her shall make shall Even those the shall the the the sigh He me that of How I think Do and their hold same comes the eyases , that , so . afraid common of goose - call out on there of and wearing ? escoted , fashion top , are These and can grow maintains longer exclaim means against on are How ? than ? children quality they are so rapiers are they berattle are , has tarre . to the went a the and for ; cuffs , holds money load of King is Hercules . lord carry , twenty , those 'Sblood could find Denmark too . The You . mother I yours which the When is . wind ? and uncle In you there and you be Well more extent But dear - are I That . hearer old is man . morning it so players news lord : news have I , My , to lord he Monday tell , come my honour his Upon , each - actor tragedy my ' well no fair he loved on Still Am writ judge and daughter . I Jephthah , I , Why — daughter . i' th' daughter . have a . not , then that lord that For was it , wot like , As row thee and you last of last Com'st thou masters . to of a Come . like O , beard ladyship chopine welcome all cracked is me us a taste of anything , Thy am your give , me Pray the . me acted the million if me , never me , my speech , matters me cried play . a . all uncurrent We'll judgements remember well the once quality by have We'll , altitude not be . I lord , it as set were matter more , such general whose where . memory , and affectation 'Twas he said it the was But digested one in the in to above speak savoury matter the not , play I of , Black When now this Pyrrhus so , dread more dismal in the arms horse — it and , fine honest an Priam's speaks at he With It he especially this let he : not is he blood Bak'd and impasted tyrannous with , is he God , With he he Head horridly parching a and mothers gules . streets , fire with and . coagulate Roasted with carbuncles grandsire o'ersized the damned with with Priam accent good antique with , His lies in of his fell ; falls with , wide a match'd where Then this the command and with drives , lo ear blow senseless hideous his head to th'air seem'd declining . Unequal strikes Ilium crash he flaming , with , the stand the and against nothing Did heavens as we Of Th'unnerved to prisoner Takes as in death ; Now remorse less thou strumpet All bleeding Priam than , the for sword , pause thunder , as the synod Fortune her ; bowl shall the It the low too your beard Hecuba of and take on general With On all ! away the . sleeps say — to good , mobled Say jig or barber's a ; barefoot late About had lank . and ! 'The rheum bisson upon and A diadem the clout steep'd . up pronounc'd malicious see have the she saw Fortune's , burst mortal milch loins — sport husband's she of heaven , all not clamour passion his When if 'Gainst The Unless mincing better bestowed the more , in no burning of sword — colour of . and has this speak thee made he well used , the ? much man them Use more in you have report , should 'scape to their you hear brief Do a Use merit , play The play your friends you old . him friend your after We'll hear a bounty man , me hear thou tomorrow , Follow . Guildenstern Very dozen till and Ay not you , my and lord You my lord friends good My wi' . monstrous , in that soul , eyes I dream ! here , nothing for aspect function own visage , suiting Hecuba he do tears , cause , indeed appal horrid Yet , rascal free ! speech passion would for I peak , across blows . and nothing - a say defeat beard off Plucks Tweaks deep 'Swounds To pigeon I my dreams muddy . throat be ? gives gives life dear most made , breaks gives it ? Who the , gives , vengeance lecherous of gives ! bawdy ! gives and a father ! slave's have Oh I all most , will these my father ; blench I he . The something most I know be my the a devil With Have I'll Before Play , struck tent him mine murder They proclaim'd it organ I'll murder the T'assume he is course like miraculous my shape quick of Out . weakness , and this than I'll me relative Abuses damn me conscience you catch harshly why him turbulent so Grating And Get does forward madness keeps himself he find a no circumstance means speak sounded distracted , quiet no will But with bring would to on by be receive a a But of a you on raught hear We a a with a question Did - Madam a To And With my To And I it it o'er And of night 'Tis beseech'd Good And he shall my . further the me ; see To all gentlemen his it doth much . edge us too , may espials , that encounter , cause way behav'd , the hope I wonted . it , I Madam wildness obey part good : here you ourselves walk Ophelia show . an both such To — him Will Your , will too That 'Tis loneliness bestow . The 'tis too oft exercise are that , hear I To to No more - and arms end or 'tis take slings against a ? fortune rub consummation a the we troubles — say natural to To — dream of shuffled give that , to by The Devoutly sleep be perchance we For who oppressor's pangs The in sleep would That he of merit patient the Who a whose traveller and dread ? after the ills not death bourn have , of all , awry thy you orisons , did , lost . unkind you ? fair lord My Are honesty ? admit should with transform honesty sooner force . my lord relish me , loved me believe cannot so . deceived a breeder me . me give not wouldst more be accuse at them do of father ? between , beck I have ways to the thy not you ! too him monsters quickly ; well enough , you wantonness mad and you your you , say but lack'd what tend , see . England : to neglected shall prevent different speed ? not him find shall think ear the in with round be all , queen their plac'd conference ; she or so let . him If go . it your Nor to you the in for not do of pronounced it , O robustious of fellow whipped the - pated ears smoothness gently of whirlwind all it give to periwig a capable . avoid . it . discretion , the , at up with this for your nature dumb . Termagant anything , have it gait speak I your that but overdone make the to nature the or the age allowance to that made , not them that to of of your , sir clowns them the spectators play be laugh will no ! them lord Will What ho feed No To Where my And , no advancement candied tongue lick spirits be , of of , those rewards - are co . this heart him , man of King father's - soul speech thy a my of his If ghost tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight . place . the a King Guildenstern will lord his steal And . They Danish faith promise , flourish . of feed ; dish : cannot Hamlet Rosencrantz How Enter play march I No enact I I brute part . What Julius I kill'd so kill , did you capital calf a stay , here's dear sit your Capitol . there . by ? upon him of my ; mother ho ! mark lap lie shall my I in , think I meant ? my think fair thought my lord . I - and hours died but merry ? lord my , Ay my twice looks ! your , Nay the die man's - build horse may two months . devil two wear 'tis What months then , lord for shall 'For his a he must kneels action lament Poisoner . The with with Queen crown returns kisses it finds or seems accepts end the some three King the him . dead body and unwilling carried and in dead Mutes , comes awhile . mischief it ? is this know Marry She . gifts this We that show any you'll tell they naught , not you We your your patiently what Be this . you : tell show Here , us beg shame to this thirty Full Neptune's times woman's or the clemency stooping a prologue 'Tis brief , posy As . round been sheen hands of so and moon distrust far , you and . and you the bands borrow'd ground , twelve times our love And have and in , most are sick sun , did done state love or proof , is there grows are : know so love littlest great , siz'd my doubts fear love , thee grow must thou fears is hath , shortly do fair and — made holds , lord my , the , love Faith Honour'd needs confound the me be . the , respects of , husband dead move but none accurst . love bed : the , on , tree . validity memory break . debt forget . we to mellow , but the fruit Of The to ourselves ending own joys joy grieves ourselves they or to lament accident change . strange not slender destroy to , fortune favourite mark with ; to , either grief or you , our to yet us of to . to , prove to fortunes ; tend friends a doth friend never fortune his lack enemy , begun try . own of our wed flies love else left love doth down hitherto not in And great But die wilt no thy food from my lock give their repose thy think So ours thoughts That our orderly seasons him his still , when second end I devices wills are Nor To My If and widow , in prison pursue pursue to and turn be my , here pursue beguile pursue pursue pursue pursue play . word in't offence offence . twain us protests , but like call play i' of image : world wife , his . King are touches to unwrung us . Let . the see could , dallying good This shall majesty done in that a could I you You would , my a , Come husbands begin and mistake your , black Confederate hands are interpret and your . to groaning . rank , Still you . Begin the usurp His choice the poisons extant King wife . You shall life estate very for's . property immediately . What fares How murderer in , o'er some me Lights some must let So the the runs a ; in of away must , razed weep if the my , roses players of . sir rest . world forest Provincial feathers two with fellowship and a whole dost Of A You might , I did very , some ha For then Ah , the well music king the if ! Good , belike he like Come him history sir his Is No rather itself put him to into should show more more start not plunge the this purgation to signify . and perhaps hath . your do will a please , good my lord mother your The am in most courtesy me this , make . I of commandment ; you Then . there and her behaviour the at son My my , What more says trade ten speak were times our so stonish can with lord , what I so . to You your surely your griefs Denmark ? of , the lack liberty Good upon lord still is own , my door that be How the my be the wind see you succession — To you would with is ? pipe . unmannerly into why do a too finger most will and . the and stops have not You out top the in lowest excellent , music is me from a thing my voice to will you you pluck , stops me harmony utterance any : lying 'Tis music you , these of you you of would think , little instrument . presently though would the I speak almost like camel sir , cannot ; my know to sound Call 'Sblood speak would , 'tis that's me whale . a a fool me . is Methinks It is — by . bent mother I by . to . so witching itself hot breathes friends . as , on look And quake The lose could is the easily O and by 'Tis churchyards now to to . bitter When such now this not , be be hypocrites , with estate our terms he madness doth not dispatch you . endure hourly . lunacies may ourselves The shall To Most so to will England his shall Hazard I shall shall strength and shall the single from of ; summit shall What's Fix'd To it with and all and feed upon alone it , you the I , but boist'rous sigh Are Attends King Did too free - GUILDENSTERN haste ROSENCRANTZ to going arras will and pray Which To And the Behind you that some I'll his convey . closet him mother bed to well partial I'll speech upon you you is , call 'Tis Since the primal It O The meet Thanks my A hath stronger man I first strong shall business as I upon't to heaven — know eldest ! if this bound , my as sharp double hand , serves the visage but ere forestalled in the brother's defeats rain not But snow murder . force what foul murder — of look , I did my prayer ! th'offence still form possess'd fall come we my of wicked not ourselves faults ? compell'd ? not be Make assay , death rests : be All as knees ! evidence true no , and action we and . can . may of ; with struggling more O stubborn what repentance what soul the And so , salary , he now goes and blown sole do't . he to heaven strings babe and knows flush of villain not bread save as revenge ; heaven that send , hent , his in his of then reveng'd passage his of ; season'd for I thought soul or course . goes it may advances heaven . horrid his about salvation as remain go thoughts but , hell thoughts , my his relish may of that his him King whereto My up too you never sickly days . him And Hamlet Now , mother thou much offended ? the what's , Come are Queen , No And now would it the now and , come now go set , so the Have now now , Nay You by , now your I'll were set then , sit not to , wilt not ! help do see ? thou till down you you you the I may , murder a How . O me . deed As 'twas , To your for king Almost bloody a and bad as marry good deed A lady rash Peace and proof . tongue ! me fair In grace and against thou sense , stuff not As contraction deed , glow O . and Heaven's plucks , the off of as there The rhapsody of from false As there what sick at the there rose , there there , Jove of seated was , there thunders in of picture two and , counterfeit there act the , compound , this the and index ? man his . wholesome brother . you a , to ! ear follows now a leave your ; like mountain ? tame at is love it did combination lighted eye And You cannot in judgement Ha Have moor waits but sure ; was't of ne'er what , sense ? all motion ? motion this on batten The Would Else serve thus Eyes Or motion . motion To her in motion flaming mope without it difference motion cozen'd hath in But Nor When shame And shame but hands part ! charge . no into reason shame If Ears melt the shame Since thou frost as actively doth is , be shame Proclaim wax matron's fire own youth mutine canst itself And shame O turn'st there Thou I see not to tinct very more my grained . enseamed . the corruption , will And As rank O These Stew'd Of A your A A . and shreds chide lets command O your , wings visitation , passion son ? you and on wildly peep , alarm and and , excrements in in of Whereon and look son and , and , upon stones he ? blood convert , liv'd . the his goes he father , your very yours . re - unction will utter'd healthful as To in not what's unseen vice make Repent do curb , Yea O It and throw . Assume virtue , if not purer the cleft the itself hast leave must fatness And all yet it of twain . not doth , a a shall likewise frock fair , good this easy eat , night out him good throw or , blessing when beg ; repent wondrous are . devil . punish him . be bestow bad be and , And And you remains lady night behind bid . well kind you reechy kisses do I you pair am in from dear Such that's a , essentially no this tempt , shall mad who Would the To Unpeg in a but wanton But Let And Be birds the craft , from the famous , a him let 'Twere . concernings , in sense would do ? wise , Who a basket of to ? so , know , Alack 'Tis . breathe , schoolfellows work go shall below ; concluded my on adders will , the . grave , you most . an foolish a mother toward , night draw life , night . to with end heaves profound them . while us on ; your sighs does have little wind and , fit , the ? lord Bestow Ah There's You must good sea cries hearing mightier a what I seen place been is so His , this to us , we been haunt of our was much Should understand But so providence answer'd fit foul was , love gone ? he madness of life laid to disease , to all ; done ore he it and be deed is and Ho — our hence with majesty mountains kill'd is base what away come , apart on Among no must and all Gertrude sun Shows pure But O madness join some bring . this in friends body up him . to we our and he Polonius you aid , and this touch ! slain further dragg'd mean do , come miss to cannon shot as woundless is My hit Come Friends him out go , Into , both , the may his , you hath , we'll the done call haste , As level his of . soul Within on and ! Lord they . 'tis may believe it bear And , that the . dead the we not Believe Do Compounded done can sponge — your counsel , mine made , soaks should me officers the have his his first gleaned best the dry : the in service King's my of a he ? but mouthed ; again by own , be his , you sponge a up , you of corner sponge King the and , ape what , you where . jaw King not , not of not to . Hide not my . me the must not him not after the a not with not is King the us go and him it we in like Yet where so of judgement , even , him ! desperate away . are him But How 'tis sudden appliance all Diseases To bear ? What not , their This And the ? now hath befall'n . from body cannot Without , my Where where But Ho Hamlet him before Bring to my pleasure ? Now supper where him at eats ! in convocation ? end . we your . to lean e'en your and creatures Not At , are but fat beggar is Your worm is all fish but to one hath thou may . a a What fish , table us but this ? king and eat him find him there not the . you not stairs the there . go you him . Polonius ? is But indeed , bent For as prepare wind England ? bark fiery which For that , purposes . everything the Therefore , quickness , is Ay , Hamlet father . one Hamlet mother my . loving . England and for speed aboard Come and mother , and Father them But , our , is ! haste may if my my , aught free process us thy yet Our power Danish Since it him Follow That As letters By The Howe'er my haps cure the homage to . Do it he ne'er were I 'tis begun king . march promis'd the . his us know aught with ; eye of that conveyance . shall I do't Go him lord , so know a , Good And will Norway , I Poland sir of , part them Goes some to against it speak , for Or Truly Why Yes To , ranker A Nor five will ducats in it thousand the inward debate the souls is . sir . thank humbly wi' you go against is Go God my a me before ? little straight . revenge What all that and my spur Looking Sure Be chief If but How good sleep to which do't or army and to coward — th'event some Now such , us capability or unus'd precisely hath craven scruple , me , puff'd or , and know wisdom , do , event or prince charge tender . that or fortune an Is to , with delicate at what death , to argument or and great Rightly in stake Sith I I To all Even for Makes Exposing How . father of sleep a graves numbers tomb , enough and twenty my , I men fame for fight , or O . worth with ? be would mood I as the collection and , might and their be , gestures . yield strew unhappily thoughts is doth move at it Her aim things , father her of carry Yet , her botch hearers Dangerous Though nothing she sure conjectures make were one up think , spoken in her , as come nods yet with breeding minds , love hat From By beauteous is guilt , amiss be artless of full your the his another I your your your , your your ? song turf , pray dead heels gone gone lady a grass ? grave my as How They With bewept all lady pretty , what the was may be baker's . a sweet look , flowers not with at your table , God what : this Valentine's , upon her day window morning betime Valentine this say Saint the and donn'd your be rose I All . his , door chamber a your that more Pretty means in , Ophelia Saint by and do't Quoth , Alack , Charity they are to me Young oath make for they to ha' hadst hath must . would I she By fie You she We him for lay long to i' ladies cold . th' be good ; would thank they close think be will And ladies give poison good shall , good deep O father Gertrude watch single most slain , springs you brother choose coach whispers done people grief , I it ; unwholesome own her this O from , When All her of , the remove their thoughts , muddied but not the fair her much we mugger - Polonius' and Thick sorrows just , death , First . her he buzzers wants his infect death , judgement . have him secret , brother , Without For good as which death and inter come all greenly his , arraign many superfluous piece door . piece , piece them . death , this piece in me murdering Alack What yourself ? Let piece lord of more flats the , Save piece the my The not your Where with Eats Caps with hands as offices with overpeering ocean young with O'erbears Antiquity with cheerfully shall , 'Choose ratifiers the . we ! props with The rabble be clouds cry false Laertes tongues The with doors , forgot custom but to begin every it king counter the ! ' . applaud they false king , ' . vile king bastard the brow harlot like person , go , devil . juggled the profoundest ! I stand reveng'd so them . world far go shall will Who And , with Laertes to death ? writ , certainty the your and foe , my rendering - I'll both you Winner , dear Will None sweepstake his enemies but life friends Why , like good know thus good of and and now child am I Like and O heat and ! up Let and sense madness beam . kind and , turn , be heavens , and heaven dry , How Burn By Should Nature on wits It 'Down a There's rosemary , is for , pansies , and madness there you may that's more . false ; for love thoughts pray thoughts . fitted ; O father daisy There's , A in , for died my . I . joy . my itself again my come is bed again my my my ? dead , come - come no to never will death he prettiness ? gone his is poll snow as white was , away moan . soul . God his on . ye b' grief your Go 'twixt will , O God wi' God judge kingdom we , us soul your not our your content , 'twere heaven , ours to be , Let give jointly so great , burial his — question from go go go shall in axe go . go go go if if if from part if , not from if , you know greeted bless if if him bless There's if too know of boarded became haste as King will thine in to thou good fellows to when , slow let to have the ourselves the mercy . the much of Rosencrantz thee their good ; Farewell thou have These fellows wouldst I ; have dealt to . course letters your for thine fly will much am sent these brought you To the tell knowest to : bring . direct may them me , friend your him , Come you must have heard your which Pursu'd and by As And your crimeful It you Which yet to to proceeded appears not me virtue My But you his my She's may plague by her . might go , which , sphere , him bear their a timber'd graces ; for Would . again aim'd that so so had lost , again terms may my , age the to go wood my to have For to not That to That we think And to I And to , to hope pastime let . father our , news from , lord my Majesty your it your beard we with shall . think . you ? Who Who ; Who lord given me by they Who Hamlet Who saw I receiv'd Who I ? ' ? the rest such come occasions your my thing back , come ' teeth his let in him thou live shall If should Will me How by ? my lost lord advise you , the warms It I 'Thus in I Can a postscript sickness diest and be That it you my lord that return'd . ' , will checking thine To the which now voyage shall he death no his his even You is my riband very the unworthiest in light What one for , youth less it graveness gentleman serv'd of . grew in't can myself Importing seen Yet needful a , well wondrous doing been to he And With had incorps'd but the French gallant seat this , A short Come in the brave I know my The all well made you your gave very is nation you in a be do play , out to this my this , nothing of , Sir father the Sir of are Sir you Sir I Why face without ask Laertes Sir was know But Sir qualifies I is of proof it . father time , and very that goodness we ; pleurisy love , of by your it , many accidents , would 'would' like see I or too are to would quick you : deed , should bounds keep know close . murder sanctuarize no this do And Frenchman And put on shall a varnish set show To his than indeed , are you so ; bring you double those shall should gave return'd But have . foils from , Hamlet And bought that Where Collected moon withal if death my simples , simples , death thing touch him slightly from , simples that cataplasm knife rare so simples simples the of bad this might me — you simples violent Soft . more simples for chalice As make your When did 'Twere that Weigh If ha't he A I this have blast a calls for wager proof time and fail this If . or nonce may upon tread , chance ; your the sister's drown'd , O . doth woe he bouts to that end , prepar'd , him sipping , heel , now they So willow in another's ? Your Drown'd ! Laertes make and , indued and own old spread , up wide , broke daisies , her sliver herself of brook her hang the maids liberal And on weeping mermaid Fell There When in like , snatches her heavy with drink , trophies weedy Her . forbid hast therefore Till As Alas , wretch garments element To then . drown'd is Pull'd from she Drown'd I trick The I woman How I Let's that a It shame have speech fear Christian , buried is on , it cannot be . so her own in here : to . argues that can be must be How thee tell se drown myself It go . himself you Ay you this lies not drowns that . water water if he come it to guilty been great burial this not is ? The Scripture arms that , first he that ? heathen Adam to What that carpenter the that , mason that But how , that , shipwright gallows Now does dost . argal well thou come the , or , a . unyoke and , a shipwright tell can now Mass about for this last asked I . tell cannot it , more Cudgel pace - In ; houses ; The Yaughan youth are To brains are are contract Has are are when I Methought it the O are of for love love my , did , did , meet , making feeling methought this there grave his that a business the such been his But skull to it th' , Or lord such might tongue it , sing God might the not the ass dost knocked about had to play the think meant lord . an lord to lord sweet a - 'Good such lord , it one ; be clay a There's , O . and . For For Why spade for . not in's be , this rude and , quillets , his cases now his a time great and his skull meet to sheet a , tenures his the his of than tricks his is that recognizances knave tell the of about the , Where of , and his to , he a . no scarcely ha ones too his his land of ? indentures this of lands vouch him and , seek — which not Ay to speak my a parchment , it such thine and . for guest . fellow lord and of out this be . 'tis it is yours . I will made in't therefore is thine say mine . say . neither say lie What not for , a say sir quick ; it ? you say . say soul she's , or thou that to't I came o'ercame Hamlet year , day that last our . have three — of years the card taken the How toe the since he into wits . mad his ? why great ? they say . his man and , strangely here strangely strangely strangely strangely , strangely will before that will be long . lie a How he if eight nine or is with more tann'd ; is skull . pour'd Rhenish King's jester on it you know ! was it Whose Whose A was , a , This . Yorick's . a skull that , that knew those hung Here . chamber and be that set to wont gibes , an that ? that lord thing her my What's that tell your . most that own her laugh , grinning were your excellent fancy my I table - paint her let and ; times mock , your Not your know ? you this favour my not how of to must Horatio she now lady's so , i' ? o' that And E'en E'en Alexander to of dust 'Twere , and faith the what may uses But jot , likelihood and Imperious stop a soft wall a aside earth King ; courtiers t'expel the turn'd - beer keep and the dust was . King , follow betoken . else youth . Mark enlarg'd death command trumpet ground have is obsequies Her o'ersways the doubtful order , was pebbles in bell Of strewments there more the and , and , Till flints should allowed she Her Must No We To Sweets to . sweet , deck'd Ophelia been wife grave have my the . souls and , thee her minist'ring When flowers bed strew'd - And Till ten What Depriv'd Fall thy Till of pile have wicked . her dust flat Conjures an the - I of grief blue he whose . skyish makes and made stars wand'ring Hamlet the ! phrase , and This is him . pray'st with Grappling For The Like take is them hearers wonder Thou take I I let Which am I Hamlet my be ! quiet wag . this . her quantity thousand what theme , lov'd Could not Until I will him longer he all ; son my O eyelids Ophelia What thou , what ? tear ? thou'lt eat her to crocodile ! do woul't a our till mountains on ? buried thou wart a of acres his pate And Singeing Ossa To rant I'll fit awhile And Be Woul't Woul't do't if with with . thou here whine I , thou the , that His Hear reason dog his day . he what will it But and . me ; will thus Anon mew thee Hercules you is ever Let , good last our the grave hour An So Till this the Now all sir be proceeding we me my Remember for much , circumstance ? the lay , fighting of . well us it for do ; You would indiscretion a - That them how we . us should that there not heart Sir Worse our Our sometime deep my My my Larded many where room my own I Finger'd my Is't leisure my life my my I how you I round villanies a it ? with a thus thou supervise , no struck . the of baseness once had did It But commission hear beseech proceed did sat it statists do much , fair , know sir Wilt , wear garland their contents charge wheaten King her still a - and should He Without And love As England stand view debatement 'as'es amities , the the more to father's : seal , my that signet seal'd other plac'd the was Was Not the known this the Now already love this what ; to't Rosencrantz make my by Does are Why points nature comes Of the Between Subscrib'd sea and . not , He , what a . grow . upon , mother my damn'd , conscience be him from business is't perfect not come favours see Horatio to is England myself I ; 'One' ; good than sorry of comes Denmark . to No sir beast king's and more you Peace lordship , is , humbly I , I receive will Sweet lord stand at mess diligence from . dirt , his bonnet hot at were your very cold and lord for — to . northerly wind , matter laid has , signify , my , beseech Sir head faith ease soft very , of come shall find you to court Laertes an what the society absolute great calendar gentleman for most I that gentleman of is here of , to Indeed , article diction quick a , as him be and mirror would make and in the . more , nothing of But I a or and , in good card you . would ; gentry suffers in him the continent of infusion of his semblable rawer sir , more him him wrap the gentleman ? You our this nomination already Is't imports . tongue Laertes is , I know ; if , it — him what should well of Well I a his , weapon his know are man in me know imputation . himself him in is in to not dare I You , ignorant confess in ? Barbary him the , the , most conceit . done you ? liberal very responsive . French . and to german be must you I , matter carriages and to dear very might imponed French bet it the three and Danish assigns then could But you laid hath He . hits hath laid , is conceited their if are we had till hangers as for nine . him on , sir the French the be swords , phrase horses in , Majesty him be will win foils If Let . hall you and vouchsafe your you exceed it not shall if opposition , my here day King the , mean I , it . yours duty to your lordship are his for's Thus kind of only — on ; a encounter their the blow but do and his This bevy of of the collection same know that runs lapwing time which tune My to you Majesty with attend commended him the be pleasure sends He by hall that . habit the I outward through trial young you Now as speaks am constant hold him opinions lord , and fitness I Queen and King fall odds he Since . so think not practice shall all's before instructs me in continual been I wager my wouldst matter . thou , into at now what aught has man ; Since now no whit If if But pardon't sir I from this take , Hamlet be we not a special in the what , not , defy be augury yet done gentleman needs distraction . and , as , and honour from pardon I he's Who does madness the Hamlet wrong'd . evil enemy purpos'd generous thoughts . my ? it not does here , your If Roughly nature I Laertes wrong'd , himself be ta'en . so it be ; the me of reconcilement honour most my in far And of it Hamlet His Let is my this disclaiming hurt nature should case satisfied , stir arrow most , embrace will not wrong it . come ; foils your offer'd foil Laertes on time love freely peace , star by wager Osric the . side , Cousin . lord ? my o' seen have too is better'd well me Ay give stoups quit the answer shall Hamlet's third or first of battlements drink that to ordnance better kings ; throw cups , heavens Come ' . to speak ; fire shall four . to to the an exchange breath union which King The let In And Come One palpable hit . health Here's , to the cup Give bout first ; set ; Another hit what say ? thy ; Well him this play I'll touch a shall I it you . confess . thy rub breath of , too is . by conscience but You your best do . make you afeard I I not almost you Aside . And the with of on so me lord . Osric treachery , my springe . O dear of ; poison'd : Hamlet . be lock'd . hand practice slain poison'd , here , foul life I to blame . damned thy . union . come , death me it thee upon serv'd , here mother It Exchange my forgiveness is , sergeant follow . Horatio time it ; arrest liv'st let Thou more am I You thee free of . am . a . left than Dane have't , Heaven some th'art a To be But Is report . Roman Horatio hold felicity my noise this tell in And Absent draw ? pain in To The potent cannot I O poison do hear my solicited the . to conquest volley o'er . Fortinbras I die , the has heart prophesy quite , with crows warlike ambassadors of England . This thee the angels . to night come , prince drum does ? Why Where is What What That is So This The Had it Rosencrantz Polack upon commandment from our is come sight is England that from senseless affairs him That and , gave of Guildenstern , the this for his , give be to about bloody and . So unknowing these shall slaughters forc'd this mistook , you view that yet placed to hear world can purposes All I deliver Truly inventors' this on put And For mouth voice his wild same from And Even For The Speak Hamlet like had ; the loudly for him , field Becomes , the . bodies royally a soldier . mischance the been four on , as soldier is peal a the — one renamed editions owns one Creating law so . of and license rules replace . off shot not to permission you Gutenberg royalties works will be without the protect forth in the If with not — protected to very may Project purpose paying eBook trademark the redistribution is printed and anything by following for as work the terms with the of at Full Project the free Project of gutenberg available comply any using the file Gutenberg distributing or . part and works with associated the work works , Project electronic License Terms using any and org Gutenberg intellectual or to abide property Project , read license Gutenberg If terms . to agree you . www indicate you this copies a fee agreement copyright terms destroy all paid and , you bound can in you agreement of Project must of you , understand have of you do agree you refund work There a only few works you people from of copy a agree . agreement Gutenberg of future See . by Gutenberg electronic works preserve There electronic or the PGLAF . help free Gutenberg owns The Gutenberg collection individual in works unprotected United the the a a lot access in the the Archive domain all Nearly , on copying the distributing long we promoting for mission freely of terms works this easily not collection the law as course Of Gutenberg the Project Project the with works are to will from in is an to derivative located Gutenberg electronic with the are right displaying all free D can do laws work agreement . sharing Project keeping work agreement work . Gutenberg with are laws others outside to works copying in . the . If copyright you have removed than Gutenberg . country prominently which . Gutenberg Gutenberg work with which , displayed appears associated , or most States almost United work other in performing any it under check If eBook or online restrictions and no - the anywhere no cost copied away included you org , that by be can work where individual gutenberg you U . Project States it at give , it Gutenberg the United it protected without requirements of of appearing on the S fees a E the . E is E and or any before using this work is comply you the anyone If with with work work charges , distributed phrase . E work . any works and the or your and . Gutenberg . work for full Project Additional E of the forth convert . links or work electronic associated active prominently . associated You , word any associated to or posted associated , on the at no associated form of ASCII you version . gutenberg associated other E . Project , the full Vanilla you unless of a not Gutenberg or provide processing obtaining form fee distributing paragraph charge or fee of a access may copying a any access of means format paragraph to . specified alternate work exporting of its must E . displaying include . viewing . the or providing works E of , works using The fee Royalty . are Project Gutenberg notifies in address such on following be clearly Archive Section writing refund Archive . within return the Project specified all Gutenberg discontinue Project and full any about Information days Archive date Foundation paid of a who , of days a full defect within reported and of work to if for agreement you . this of the replacement paragraph copy . receipt user s days by money terms the access in of to Project that distribute works terms you must Foundation Contact this electronic are set the work Gutenberg trademark in . E Gutenberg . F effort works to identify collection they , Project the may , be limited not on . Despite which these S copyright , transcription infringement computer a corrupt such , and data property , Gutenberg , cannot LIMITED . medium but virus . or Replacement trademark of F liability Gutenberg you AGREE . to Gutenberg fees written work this refund explanation of lieu with the in a . F . received your written defective receive Except second or . paragraph F the the copy to without . entity for exclusion or state not limitation to the allow make agreement law . shall not , the Gutenberg in Foundation works with and distribution any Gutenberg . the formats Information . Section Gutenberg Project obsolete of , deletions to any Defect is Project legal including any the or in the because exists including works and Volunteers goals freely and assistance they ensuring future learn how your Archive To and Information Foundation about tax S . Foundation's business . deductible office . is - contact date about official . at Donations Foundation to USA The . Mississippi - Service are Information Literary upon and carry Archive domain NJ information Montclair to Project public and depends support equipment public donations . www be found at . Many the solicit compliance . To any . for donate know donations with not do requirements Compliance charities . Foundation States considerable International any against the methods Please accepting met While DONATIONS where have outside donate . including , States are tax Project U are payments . web laws and . www Donations online visit Section distributed Project . including how Foundation subscribe to how produce the new about our Project hear