Stand me , Nay now 'Tis You this For most at sick upon . 'Tis bitter . cold Francisco . haste is . good you . place my Barnardo , Give night . thing . Say Horatio , have 'tis Welcome I , take our let of this come of . story awhile eyes again our us we let When Had art a the , break The now Where Peace In not same scholar the like figure , with be . harrows King me with In march that it fear it , Horatio , Question this and I offended , stalks away it , look fantasy ? the like Of Is God true ice parle ? the dead our hour . watch I to opinion our work thought he hath strange jump on . not task war of - the night be is't Who make Why Good such might Was Did side this slay forfeit Well this he Had To life Was Against life His Of life in For hath food life a the But stomach in't life appear our , to no some life and it to recover main terms unimproved a well father other e'en portentous so land , head , the these eye sheeted , that ; that , that with empire the Roman the star , that that that , me blast , me done voice of again ! fates the still preceding behold , our the omen and prologue Speak Lo where me thy ! foreknowing . country's , life , me avoid may walk oft ! speak ! partisan . 'Tis , show invulnerable , cock when started , And The This Th'extravagant fire ; and god in the Doth cock with Awake Some Wherein dawning bird And , The And then So And hallow'd takes , and so And are they Saviour's no , the is gracious And then nights And fairy The And And But we So I , Walks Break As do't Where Cornelius , yet be in green memory bear far hath wisest we hearts with be The Therefore Yet To In Taken With Your equal mirth we to wisdoms , delight we have have which weighing , dirge worth , thanks death frame advantage those dream with Importing to by and out of brother's our young and one nor of disjoint our supposal be fail'd , brother business the ourself Norway , bearers To that In , business Of farewell . news What some of it all and with to good You , these the , haste VOLTEMAND we . show than . the scope your is't thou wouldst native thou throne and hand not speak doubt now You told You From To I and your bend confess lord wouldst leave show now My though favour Dread that pardon to leave my seal'd graces , my cousin best him thy less , than spend hour Hamlet time and kin still me What ? it son at and ! than too a thy with father noble ever like common thy through for , common eternity that nature , for not , Ay be all Why the customary suits inky it ; thee not mother . of show These , of haviour me nor windy suspiration of forc'd in the of , eye , grief , father term to some the a course grief , bound is and peevish fault to common still throw to earth died you think and he , corse We till ' woe our immediate less no And You and As and and beseech and and comfort bend you And chiefest and in thy and stay with ; and in not courtier the we cheer cousin mother best shall all my us Madam of as Why But the smiling No the This Sits to obey you not prayers her madam . 'tis Be Denmark and His That Fie months dead it two So excellent might too ? face remember if increase fed A Niobe My father's God longer no — but Hercules the left Had Like Would Than Ere She glad to your I must myself wicked her galled eyes post . sheets . ever friend you ? Wittenberg my own say . from good that of . your your enemy your are affair see . Elsinore in your fellow - see me my mock not do , you came what yourself I lord , Indeed prithee , coldly thrift Did Would ever , see I that ! dearest The . father seen had my Where I once , man in upon take mind's king again I him Horatio , lord my for watch gentlemen me For waste them stately exactly point encounter'd the thus Armed Been Appears and before oppress'd slow not to impart length speak had thing they secrecy third deliver'd word I . comes are But hands was more not night to , dumb In Where , I of The father each the them with , none I as in crew would , haste cock and yet did head , Did My you upon , the not made up it it , morning it think did we MARCELLUS , to lord lord ? my , say BARNARDO but this tonight . watch the you O in , he look'd red , lord he lord My Then you wore sorrow frowningly than ? more upon eyes very or Pale his there constantly Most Nay , fix'd It would would I had longer saw't life , It like haste , Not as I was His I sable watch ? in his . should no and eleven hap your hitherto be Let And I'll will loves , visit . All Your Our to some o'erwhelm : in Though I you : rise come honour your mine is the ! my , foul as arms the sit doubt My all then earth spirit do from that of his and the it , Hold For And , convoy But Do fashion Hamlet more and For and bulk Think His The for , his subject is , the which act is no further . withal may his list honour goes sustain it loves you body he loss voice of songs open affection , sister your my of rear danger not beauty infants buttons be dew lies imminent in fear else . rede own my recks not fear path good lesson keep heaven . comes for second a smiles Aboard , precepts thy . these character Nor but their means tried vulgar adoption with of entertainment comrade hoops soul thought no dull - not unto thou familiar thou them Grapple Of do new entrance But Give censure Are And they a of For above And borrowing oft most the in as , a : my be the false this in my lord . tend well servants , leave , you and of key , lock'd memory the . in What you invites Ophelia , it late you put 'tis free you ; the on . of , late up me and made . me yourself so to bethought to honour speak perilous , lord Tender wind of yourself for true , phrase should a I what , tenders ; you know I'll , I , to , crack thus — sterling , given Lends Ay When to woodcocks , vows than promise the a so Set something your command Believe Do Than The not But would better , slander talk sanctified implorators which plain with ; lord come your . Lord leisure moment the you charge obey , Have to't It ? of twelve struck then . and . I ? the and spirit Wherein and The and King Keeps his my and lord ? rouse reels Rhenish trumpet and of drum and mean it , not this And wassail as The he drains and his custom is't though From achievements in particular height . nations it not , them , of are too — say I the that much reason guilty , origin his perform'd our of chances vicious birth their The pith and , nature The Or breaking down , To the From His virtues of dram a . evil one of they censure substance of undergo take doubt answer , charitable or or I'll Dane thee heaven a health grace blasts , damn'd ! comes ! from us , Hamlet call questionable me shape tell but thee , death , sepulchre in mean complete What his saw thee ! corse their burst in why ignorance such . hearsed again up bones Wherein cast thou That Thou in royal to , not canoniz'd we op'd again the dead thus hideous beyond thee , glimpses and , horridly night With why thoughts Making So this , beckons if it you to Wherefore ? To some As It waves you do no lord be should what , immortal can what my set soul my for then do Being . I'll follow ? to then a the . will then by , No speak ; then I , sea horrible then reason , then then it , it of of toys into . to brain of hears waves , hands you shall ; rul'd My each as . I make Nemean call'd — Go a on waxes He away ghost hardy makes lion's follow , me desperate fit thus Denmark it , let's follow rotten further no I'll . house blood , spheres their young I - lightest stand to locks porpentine on , list love O — list ! flesh this like stars start part end . it best strange , his Revenge in unnatural ; my , and the as , I As duller find shouldst itself not That And abus'd serpent O my wears know ; Now did but Is given 'Tis stir stung that uncle with traitorous ! thy crown . Mine soul prophetic , that of , witchcraft wit forged process of , his The incestuous — my of seduce in whose . But court Though of The O Ay So I made it me ! what mine lewdness But Brief let To Upon in , lust to a in in So in though to a radiant bed in in in it about crust milk into bark'd vile most , gates alleys it blood my ears did through ; dispatch'd contrive , incest , heaven once ! near at well her her soul to let damned this leave nor and thee act , lodge Remember O adieu shows to adieu ! instant ? heart else past thee my fond of Remember memory , brain by there records while , me , up . globe , table trivial , my alone volume of , pernicious I set smile smiling ! copied ! Denmark a be Now be it and is baser O Meet . my sworn't adieu , I and , it lord Within . there are ' me my ho So How Hillo , noble , news O What I reveal it it heaven by , you'll — own my . for I'll , but it Look and whirling desire point hands shall desire shake we fit your is every you , ghost no , my us right it so more without , Why , an Yes And is by Saint Patrick desire to . offence , Horatio you tell here us friends , seen MARCELLUS and what HORATIO lord make In faith Nor I We , the sword lord . there ? truepenny seen . ubique Never to Well as dreamt before are are as of strange As Here , I more therefore night a in never or There soe'er antic shall , come Horatio give heaven your , at to list and So Rest That Or we 'If Or we know' or giving : most your . is ever your , my what time The willing With do still not shall out was come That let's O go joint born to . lips us go is you to friending , I you ; cursed spite . together in right pray I will this money marvellous my to . good in Paris you keep , and ; and , touch nearer of distant you his son at my know do who come expense you know 'I — 'twere What By as particular father him it knowledge and this , very some mark very say may there none so 'not that heed marry take usual ; wild rank well ; well I and , he's you put of liberty . far swearing ? taints breathe but savageness seem : That not You must my That A unreclaimed . liberty ; assault of a scandal another , Quarrelling You season to outbreak blood his of you lord as no And believe But ? is son working Mark a I here's a slight it You laying converse little sir , I in my Wherefore thing Having He you youth or so ; prenominate , him you this i' my , would Marry seen in the soil'd sullies fetch , be crimes would guilty 'friend , you a breathe ever closes with man country , party The According good and . my Of , ' or the By then Or There he enter gaming you thus yesterday with him the : o'ertook in's sale' perchance you now — of reach truth of assays bias you have , and me I lord . former You , b' God wi' Observe , ply his let him shall I inclination my . Alas With what lord , How , my Lord No Pale Ungart'red hat Hamlet , as My To lord his took hand length and his o'er wrist , Then As And As rais'd it He And He did . his me will light on help me eyes without way his ecstasy fordoes itself of very head over done , shoulder lets their without go seek . I bended the their . property to under , am hard denied command , undertakings , sorry I . passion of . me made he in the we the proper as beyond is it To It known hide . long being hate , provoke , court humour , lies us as occasion on That aught little you being I That To To So much , gentlemen he shall profit of us our such receive time thanks awhile king's your visitation For Might . hope remembrance have of full And give lay . the command , gentle here Put , feet commanded up dread pleasures to you Guildenstern instantly , to Pleasant Heavens too , Thanks Rosencrantz and gentle Rosencrantz and . Go son where Hamlet is . my father the Thou Are good from hast ? joyfully you as return'd Norway I my King this The hath it speak very not think do As , of Hunts of hold , lord been God that to I admittance that do long ; lunacy sure of us'd the to me , source sweet of all your son's them bring queen , that hath , the , first shall grace Give be great is other our Well His I doubt and tells Thyself head it The My Welcome Voltemand Most His To nephew's But preparation into , Highness levies he from good friends our sent , On falsely look'd which , Upon return of what , better was It be our fair a , Norway ? and , suppress him out ; to hand ; and , arrests impotence griev'd more , out in arms before from age sends brief in Majesty , obeys fine his overcome employ , to fee allowance us consider'd and likes for at . we'll well and this read this . business . are you home . we'll labour time time wit madness mad . welcome , is flourishes soul , what is and . all art art but time , I true that define true , this then true with else ? of , is defective of she That Madam use : no A and and Now , comes cause the remainder cause by this no 'tis true figure art vile Ophelia is phrase ; beautified you , gather and surmise . a ? hear the most her from awhile will to madam But fell most But , Doubt Doubt at , O , a I lady best these , by And in receiv'd ear his obedience But . This they As Ophelia dear , ill am I dear by . place , mine , hath All you a I Before I As daughter it . What do would When my I and might on me the told winking had Or I fain here , thus then herself young ? I sight dumb book , or , with out No a table mute idle went did thy his I , star , work . gave : bespeak of I prince And , love upon play'd this from my weakness a into and , watch lightness madness thence — then into , 'tis now , advice know for to When we wherein think I , wail he , may such have Take that , me if from hid were that very this , be will further hid . know Here he together hours . my . then arras an it try we sometimes in daughter him , her the he walks the to lobby behind . time You carters love loose I'll and encounter and . reading give , leave ? away , You are a lord my , picked . mercy sir . man a , he my . for you , is ; very . have . most lack to , which . that gum , For mean that . sir madness air , wrinkled yet wrinkled ? grave of wrinkled lord in't — you wrinkled down of thick wrinkled , wit is wrinkled on How . him I my and , pregnant meeting take will madness I will leave my Aside my except anything except me well from , life I of be often that sir except These you Fare , withal cannot tedious . seek the Lord God dear ? dear . button dear dear my her the dear soles Nor waist On dear dear O the ? Fortune of , my lord near . secret about lord in we . deserved hands the at question Let ? and . one Denmark's But that , good , prison . lord nothing a a or for prison too lord either . very dream mind your bad . of . narrow , the merely hold bodies , and ambition indeed dreams Shall to . shadows such will beggars' , Then matter . Truly in the beaten you am I that , speak To visit justly an , what am not honest friendship man sort you with way , my , inclining ? visitation I a free . you . Were sent not . you thank And , halfpenny ? is . the preserved must ever , you withal , What Guildenstern , to the looks But know fellowship - by teach charge have Nay you we an Queen shall off My late exercises were sent prevent feather sterile , discovery I forgone that ; all it why than roof it know but of appears no What indeed , work and in action of : like how and fire admirable ; congregation , this neither nor . woman say no , And . and to majestical how foul to so with disposition brave , my in 'Man delights me' so promontory , of how this , you with a thing other firmament a no I stuff to the noble how express , a not , delights by your Man me seem such was then think He of lady not and lord receive are shall coming they hither , from the whose king whose whose gratis make whose shall whose say were whose chances think hold the Do they , are and berattle are pursue like if quality children the the afraid of little of aerie clapped for't that — players writers ? succession ; and eyases cry , they Who ? they their make them do exclaim if are , should controversy longer goose grow are to tarre has , they no than themselves been much and possible about of load Denmark twenty philosophy little , and 'Sblood , forty . could those . if King is picture . to my my him ; ducats out There is fashion welcome extent to should north - what In west from When each at too you Well lest . a ; for old they say his ear you you . hearer . you indeed so Mark of . you the Monday me twice come time a have tell , will you , comes is there second to of you players 'twas to them you Roscius was . Rome history historical - his , the treasure individable pastoral tragedy ass actor honour . a on . more lord men tragical light ! my — passing old he Why i' not th' I daughter , Jephthah judge had he , Still , daughter , right , follows , know more well to thee valanc'd . glad Denmark my pious the O . good The first row friends , to your a chopine is nearer ring your Masters you like I since face For where look . ladyship ladyship if of taste us speech passionate beard . welcome ladyship uncurrent by masters all welcome friend Thy ladyship falconers . once ladyship the play , in ladyship remember . savoury cunning play , but there matter it handsome more said it it remember down speech heard caviare but I scenes no in and the , not the general . cried matters such nor an than slaughter . If it let , your me thereabout , much wholesome it it of in as , to lines might — Pyrrhus live arms , see me and couched dread more and and . and the mothers , and , total with tyrannous heraldry and he fathers of blood That murders a With and and Bak'd To With So , lord my , Takes Stoops Of And So , as Priam Pyrrhus' feel with a with hideous head stood and . against Pyrrhus some the neutral But a Did see , Doth As A But as we in bold winds the to heavens sets , for proof sword , gods take falls the all , And rend Aroused Mars's With low spokes As with your is to strumpet down the wheel , on jig or a for the too too good 'The too up rheum and too A , too o'erteemed fear caught too pronounc'd venom have did seen themselves make Pyrrhus , if Would The mincing the state saw burst mortal move you turn'd colour no made have he where not have has thee they see , in milch Unless things of them burning the and . Do brief abstracts better report you the you . well , well less should they Dost We'll ha't thou Follow dozen hear tomorrow Follow night . Guildenstern you not ? down . lord my lord good my wi' and ye that a , monstrous peasant visage dream player passion his conceit his all his , eyes , voice to his or Hecuba For Tears That Could A Hecuba he so the cue do with passion so He motive , conceit and soul so in of so so her his so And can so Upon The very - dull faculties Like Ha With this To Remorseless Why an I off my by as beard , lie i' this , brave kindless the or bawdy ere kites I , hell father and I heart my heaven , I I ; father his observe . like I blench I I players these have will speak , looks have seen have malefactions no . though have most Before I'll have May my be Abuses have relative I'll Wherein Grating With harshly and by ? himself no lunacy days this drift he puts him And from Get so does all forward madness to be some ? of Niggard Most free demands like a of reply . pastime players told certain ? but already about kind him , play Majesties all To heart night he And 'Tis my Good With And his drive Sweet sent by too , Hamlet , may . us these delights , 'twere . hither , seeing frankly espials here unseen , ourselves and father may We And That for And To your wonted you book , blame may in , this please . may his exercise Read Gracious it wish . show walk Your 'Tis too And lash . speech beautied to , the burden heavy to The action doth my ! thing ugly my How and or arrows of the , O more is a ; them against outrageous of To to nobler sleep arms take ? die sea and to To , say to the , to consummation , sleep , dreams may the mortal there's 'tis There's so life , the what death dream heir by a : of have shuffled to perchance we That would bear us give wrong calamity be pause Must insolence That When bodkin ? his the unworthy Who takes a merit bare that a The grunt himself of The patient the dispriz'd of might the , love , makes he For proud traveller us undiscover'd To Thus Is lose Be my Good your all with the native make others to fly sicklied enterprises Ophelia in Soft moment awry . day , I . you know you of so rich words ; things lord them made honour'd I more again when my Ha poor to givers lord for There sweet lost , compos'd . lordship your means My ! fair ? discourse than honesty beauty gives honesty from time but so . can transform honesty will beauty force a love of lord proof a This bawd . likeness into it it was . I relish wouldst more of the yet virtue loved a be me I breeder accuse my very have time , beck or to Go us ways and to , proud than am of to such crawling do give borne I to ! to plague heavens sweet Farewell house own to I'll , you thou you the be you If to you , nunnery as dost , pure know a you you fool ; a wise for O heard have , and make paintings more no , no have to nickname . Those keep state , and sovereign his most tune feature and Nor Love ? with I do it that something sits and hatch the danger some I which . quick : have down affections There's , seas the the and objects of shall demand it his in though madness His like do set Thus This fashion Whereon shall of his something , his him on't grief believe , with round him entreat not where go , ear the . confine unwatch'd , you pronounced of passion , you very air too torrent who and - this your - anything - tutor . Termagant . acquire passion shows It a inexplicable o'erdoing to - to tear fellow - of ears the split to are have own . avoid special age cannot , be one , whose as the from time and hold the word but not of her own to , you that and his the , her form scorn 'twere the mirror both end ; up the nature I the them gait that made not bellowed to not , abominably , your play them clowns speak have it that , strutted so of made so having neither others Nature's thought Christian themselves laugh O Queen the Will How uses villainous . necessary For quantity of most you now the King , presently work piece We , players and you too . ready Go will help two ROSENCRANTZ lord them and . that to GUILDENSTERN hasten just withal . sweet , As thou lord , service should tongue candied thee Nay could dear my thee And Where crook let the may advancement the I hope thy good flatter from thee . the but pomp ? Dost hinges fawning herself in blood they what core , she , in ay please pipe . rewards nothing , tonight of , so , that buffets are And well Give I wear this Fortune's - finger him heart that of foot guilt seen ; join of In For And I he And coming the play you I . Queen Enter , I be , others and , cousin Polonius idle . playing lord this pay , I so eat . actor once play'd i' say , you was I . I . To Polonius enact kill'd . me ? there kill accounted so to stay they my , here's Hamlet dear O ho ! shall my lord , No , Ay , upon . mean That's , What a maker Ay ! twice then devil , hours , mother you , your only - Nay , memory , churches may two outlive , black and , two is months hobby King and . is , Enter a kneels She is . is is is is off . to the Marry this is means this shall any or , show You are us beg prologue or brief As ring . patiently the hearing of . a round , late , know . there too leave to and fair this functions their thee , belov'd shalt leave powers confound second the wed Aside . wormwood second The base I But kisses my husband none , you memory Which Of , fall but the but , Most violent determine think we , I of that kill is necessary unshaken do what To What passion joy grieves violence either , enactures passion in what But world is not should with our favourite love prove ; joy , a mark friends on or love lack fortune left for revels with most aye yet fortune loves Their This The For who And The who in Directly to and orderly end I so still seasons not devices their no wilt , ours food prison turn me my of , it trust nor ! joy . strife , wife , destroy . now lasting and hope night . awhile here break me . twain beguile play but but do jest do you call ? Tropically the is piece knavish touches it poison argument ? O heard you Have how , chorus good You between interpret You It cost would and dallying . groaning and take you , worse . my are . could I see damnable thy revenge story how anon Gonzago's . You . The shall false fire Gonzago wife ? play lord with frighted Give . me Lights go deer weep , What , All light . fares this turn me while some feathers a if ungalled players must ungalled , play , ungalled rest of my the on sir . ungalled reigns was Damon , ungalled dear I dismantled , ungalled O Horatio , good very You Ah Why For ha then , The sir retirement in , No should itself perhaps this to so start and . plunge would to richer his into some affair me pronounce . my . spirit breed will it mother's your answer my , say you mother , wit's to ! mother's you mother . ere her . bed there ? go Have you admiration me and the surely any further ? your once what the once Denmark . griefs once something once for musty . once friend to once distemper of cause your lack of the advancement in grass the me wind while , be that sir recorders recover my to O lord the me pray I do touch of : your you with lying no I music breath , beseech Look govern skill . you thing know me speak , cannot me . sound there a me you Call it pipe Queen yonder the God is and ; to lord you My By is Methinks come bent my I and mother said . witching and could as I hell business time of , mother my drink night me Leave itself out hot breathes nature this her , not , be us endure grow hourly with dispatch let your he so We To Most terms of near of his estate our Out To The Dies What's That spirit of with alone not the The strength and 'noyance weal gulf massy , it this speedy to upon - this voyage , GUILDENSTERN you , with a general , groan . fear , closet , said you process , you My And , as I both Were To Is as wash as , as there And as like in a as And But thicker as we the and , which for mine be hand currents retain my th'offence murder justice and ? cannot those Offence's oft gilded Even his There To Try Yet But teeth evidence can soul limed But engag'd , But , can and the may shove prize itself ; But But ? repent as death not it be the But . praying ; heaven is scann'd be for . And , now of ! wretched state that to angels , and well new - strings with of steel , he goes , do is this I sole father hire son my . pat , broad crimes audit hire circumstance hire father That would same this hire full flush save soul No : hire . hire reveng'd passage hent , act , bed his his or ; relish no has him that his , trip Then When , is drunk and , he whereto but And in swearing , that may his prolongs rises never will Tell Much Pray you I'll . silence and round with mother , screen'd be him I , hear Fear him ? coming me matter the , thy father . thou , Within , mother what's . offended have my hast answer you with , Come , Why , question you with how the go What's Have so so you forgot me so , that you so of me ! so so so . so King ! good brother ? this , is deed bad with As for your let If of Thou it damned it wringing me wring hands too , kill , thee Leave . In noise is custom find'st And . done have proof your made . thy is for penetrable off an grace rude not . of dar'st me of love . innocent plucks deed , doth glow against , Is of tristful The this Yea very A , blister body the a false As loud , and , visage so Ay roars here , That Hyperion's , the front this was threaten and the herald two of picture me , and , a , indeed . ear you set heaven himself , at have feed you it's eyes ? and to ; for tame , your what sure this you for madness would sure judgement but ; motion have not from waits cannot And batten - it hath feeling hoodman without , all sans of ! true one smelling What of so not age err blind sight sense ? shame blush devil thrall'd ne'er quantity difference , at matron's a be Proclaim , burn soul . grained spots , very Hamlet And will turn'st O mine see the , sweet . in . sweat sty Hamlet ears ; mine ; part a twentieth villain enter more daggers , making to Over O like precedent your slave that . And a of A These . No . Of is A the No patches . of . That . to Do important he's acting he's guards he's , in not of he's to lets This blunted . forget almost he's dread weakest Speak in between her to is bend incorporal he's That do the Forth And at eyes Conceit And it Hamlet , you how do peep , pale stones he to Then action piteous — how preaching not Look this ; effects true Will Lest them . Do you . see upon have perchance you what nothing all ? away steals coinage of is ? hear but ourselves , very ! is the for to place and skin all ulcerous soul virtue , madness . of love word ; unction Mother my the yourself compost ranker For in itself woo of fatness of for Forgive the and , hast part of pardon leave vice curb , spread O To cleft is who not , if cleft with go , habits Of That to cleft aptly that likewise the you have doth yet in and cleft fair angel worser to bed . cleft easiness or ; cleft , night , lord throw be , good actions tonight , good easy or stamp . you desirous devil . the Once . the can change either use , to are bles'd . behind . and more no by begins cruel him must death Not , wanton And Or Pinch That in , for ravel am this , you to his reechy madness him know I again pair his call King your him in craft let this on Let paddling to paddock but a 'Twere queen from fair , sober wise , words said you to made be in life me . my adders the marshal And his I they will petard me 'Tis , to . have 't 'tis go yard . two 'Tis the moon directly most sweet 'Tis mines room 'Tis , counsellor . shall and O 'Tis packing meet their to the letters Whom But , as trust bear For 'tis will I 'Tis Hoist And one knavery delve set one man guts set crafts , me below night draw Come set blow I with , life a set in them Is set lug the end knave set most . toward mother most in night set foolish an sighs heaves . tonight . them These . we little is this What Which Behind rapier the heavy good unseen His hearing you been is shall this , with hearing so to of , us hearing of . answer'd out ? hearing providence fit love hearing gone ? hearing feed ore some hath , done , kill'd it most was our haunt , understand owner from To We must Both , in Friends from him chapel them let And Whose As his , Into pray pray is discord his blank , o'er whisper what's pray Gertrude , know we'll call what both pray untimely the the world's dismay come our do mean wisest pray , GUILDENSTERN Lord Within pray What my , on dust 'tis the take thence chapel . it ? dead lord O . we believe to it that lord son be ? king to rewards end his have . a sleeps in knavish you sponge , I an that ape But sir them , I with is you not speech with . The the . the with is where the me to nothing , loose on law and find man , distracted the this strong must He's 'tis . it is not How I have Yet Who And like not their , the How ? him is so never By Without , my guarded from ? to , he him ? Hamlet , Bring But know lord , Now supper ? where's Guildenstern . us before At where him to lean to are e'en at but and worms all fat king he eats , but . beggar one us Your else fat where , is eaten alas ! may thou how hath hath . the service for maggots — two dishes the king a go . king you show to yourself nose you of a through him the you up as . there guts mean a What dost thither He , seek i' Send heaven this . In him see him . lobby . your If . To , some For which we this that Hamlet The tend , tender deed With fiery bark is ready England wind the it mother . mother see Thy and and that so . loving my mother , one ; hence him with my everything leans England may thou cicatrice give hold'st him tonight thy you done aboard wife . and man ; wife for , free — coldly full ; ne'er he that which — sword to Since my And And For like haps me . By sovereign present homage yet power , Hamlet in my blood rages set awe , it Do , know that Majesty duty his with a our . kingdom express let him know in eye us . lord Fortinbras the greet me aught would the march know You his shall I will softly ? these pray ? sir . for Norway Poland main the Goes against old Fortinbras , it The Truly To Norway would of no , then , not A will rate it a , go five it in hath We to to speak ducats , gain profit little it sold or not fee ! it . without . cause peace , you thank humbly b' souls the This Will't please . sir . a straight be sleep Looking his And oblivion Of in thinking Be that made capability unus'd too ? with or — hath some Now and us , do and which thought To , parts and of such and and delicate gross say coward , Bestial and fust quarter'd precisely craven but and , the , what that mouths a by cause and Whose spirit . do't this and To all to stir without . at honour's have That When Witness Led Excitements And let Exposing Makes Even for an eggshell to quarrel , to my fame , worth O numbers To thoughts slain not enough this continent and , from be nothing the time cause . My needs father and says things is beats , have ? distract and speaks Her of they , heart at doth their doubt nothing move she minds for - ill with there think and fit . use ; but half unshaped sense . true yet to collection up nods to one the The as conjectures Let in in , Denmark Ophelia another hat his his your , now How spills Where is the beauteous From And , shoon I How By Alas He White shroud Pray his He Nay dead dead At his his , you Ophelia head as the mark . mountain my , but snow with here lord ! not true Larded Which , the showers the what Conceit know , dild you you what , we but words of say this is means , when : day Valentine's ; you maid at betime . morning , clothes chamber that more Ophelia ! departed maid Gis , Alack will and and if fie before promis'd I long You she , Cock We lay night ; her good ; pray springs Gertrude , spies you grief , good . cannot brother shall night . I . father most done but whispers judgement France . in clouds ear himself as or . beasts , have their . he the thoughts muddied . these , his from come secret buzzers to door the . guard , his . of my ? but now custom forgot and of known we cry Than How trail king to be false king word head call a were , hands The O'erbears doors , false counter you , king on Danish is No , let's Sirs come in . pray We will me Keep Give my the we you I father . That Let That go , of incens'd little There's doth . doth Where Speak . man is doth doth , father doth by him him he and dead allegiance ! doth I this I'll How , hell That worlds ; juggled only father . reveng'd to give damnation I Let came come And , for my comes To to profoundest the the Vows grace what , I'll for Who my throughly Most your That his draw Winner but enemies loser and know them ope rendering - I'll my , friends the them Will , And his like Why , I And Like out my sense our , come that of be a sister possible as love is be in precious loves where instance sweet wits ? life fine man's old an , and of it thing , some After , And , and move my dove persuade ! his . a . down it This daughter false call could wits you rain'd , steward that's than . for pray madness is there , thoughts There's here's must some he say They Sundays rue o' I would . you and you O . Robin sweet And he not come , will he no No to affliction is all end father daisy , hell joy will , All gone on b' . soul is gone away he his we ha' And moan poll - is thy come again as . was white . ye . your but you hand we if your life , all kingdom , ours . me will , your — earth — his ostentation burial ; formal from question to bones . great me with the . speak would ? with me you letters they have . sir , you bless , are sir I shall , Reads at , bound . please that was , as let and't for a There's let I when the let thee too let . let sir some old so mercy of in as . thieves let . fellows of good clear , our me turn ship to 'Horatio let . the speak words me valour chase means Finding and days two repair to I of slow I alone But they the thou hold These good dumb them direct letters . wouldst yet will for thine knowest I do't from speedier give He Rosencrantz of the am them I will him you have are friend seal , for ear else , me these capital safety mainly for You me by star but my conjunctive , great faults in arrows stone , my to bear , sphere , and in other . moves by , Would Why could not the Who Too not where had them , hear again again , terms lost , you imagine — Laertes Of Claudio brought lord ; Hamlet from the see thereunto pardon mighty should What Know you 'Naked . no thing come return recount . and hand here my very and 'Thus diest live shall I That be be it you so ? me ? otherwise How so it should Will not peace at it he not choose I , voyage If my be you his mother call shall ripe be and that to own checking So more his . exploit which his even lord , if I That The My You As very Than Yet The not that What part one they did Of and graveness and it lord . my in , unworthiest the riband his horseback , weeds , French , his topp'd far incorps'd He unto brought the this horse but his , thought , my , seat - Norman my The him the indeed report is nation , in most especially defence for could had oppos'd them neither you out exercise And If That sudden Now Your your , he If He Did Hamlet could you swore one What out this father Or I you , see that But Time and spark wick that kind in is love your father , you to , of time . love abate still , do would for That to much his there For nothing of There in should then this tongues hath by yourself Hamlet hurts That And And And As are at or Dies More than cut your throat , No should close keep murder are home come your excellence together you , contriving being your within sanctuarize chamber , remiss in , fame all that may choose , with father a unction a a practice on , death point , my . from , rare so I'll draws all simples no dip of purpose him that , it Collected is contagion scratch'd if think further our that , but moon death . be shape through convenience not blast Should This this It drift solemn your When A that If As ! make I did this If have back in your for nonce bouts a on to , hot motion escape your venom'd but I'll brook and glassy a where ! Your upon How sweet , Queen heel , purples . them call name , long make coronet grosser broke sliver men's , daisies , nettles There Clamb'ring the - like , boughs weeds , awhile weedy her Which incapable of snatches bore old could drink be lay , gone rage calm it that , had will this do give ; let's , again her seeks she The crowner . own burial Christian own finds wilfully ? salvation and she cannot it to , that can se is It if , but do to wittingly offendendo act himself good wittingly , drown be Why must I and goodman hear is it . delver , the , water herself you Here man , leave Nay water that . lies drown he his come stands guilty . life is water ? that law own not , is If buried truth ha' thou in Christian , and He grave my : hold up Adam's than folk burial o' world , was art says Scripture , question to What he . What is that maker ; those that faith than . again gallows the stronger thee than a that I . a your you dull doomsday ass asked till will Go . meet my , sweet liquor makes I time for love a did , at easiness he that of property a him steps , hath Cain's it be might , a of circumvent 'Good lord meant my would my lord . politician pate the lord . it - a ; to such - morrow It might which This be horse - one's Did . pickaxe a , and such that his to now cases will of knock his , him pit not quillets his he now does quiddits Why a . Hum This dirty might , suffer this may the a be , Why . another . to no will scarcely more a of his fine fine , pair my calf of out . skins double ones , than very ? ha . inheritor must the lord , more , that be this sir in't is sir Whose Mine a For be which , of calves . fellow to speak are sheep and this a pit clay indeed , away will ; thou liest yet is 'tis . 'Tis therefore , and in't lie therefore thou to , I for man sir quick a dost ; 't For For to is What neither buried rest in't but must picked that the toe three these he his galls been a so , Lord the By age is sir Who woman ! courtier heel the knave . of th' year How near Cannot young tell Ay , was he because , it's Why came strangely How Very How e'en with , in . I Upon here if he How that nowadays will or he tann'd so sir , a body water dead scarce year the . And hide nine year more Why is his while Here's three - now Whose skull A for skull , sir mad , Nay I rogue , Takes This that E'en skull jest ; at be that your , your laugh thing that one Make me tell come What's Horatio she thou E'en this fashion ? th'earth Pah my E'en And her , let her looked o' . so , find thither Alexander him the thus . is might ; trace ! Horatio consider stopping Why it till Alexander consider to , buried make Might , loam and likelihood to Should rites is winter's world to turn'd kept the away clay , awe in t'expel which , Who with some . else awhile 'Twas . of . estate hand betoken follow , that Queen did noble Her obsequies Laertes we great As it The That Couch that here Yet flints , the trumpet is strewments burial the For pebbles , she . should but Till And She Shards in and there more be done the done . be sage to Lay A Scattering hop'd thought I thy I of old Of Pelion blue Bears wounded ? whose the is emphasis an Hamlet What wand'ring , and This is I ! hand thy and dangerous Hamlet Pluck ! Gentlemen be quiet him , with will O I lov'd my Ophelia , not sum he is mad , God me Laertes . him wilt thou thou'lt forbear do ? thyself tear ? crocodile a eat her , woul't do ? whine grave ? throw . I them , ground mouth him , me Horatio use he what do But Horatio will have his Horatio him upon Horatio . present over Horatio shortly Horatio ; fighting let lord kind lay teach . should ends , that pall indiscretion plots our There's deep prais'd would the do hew That Rough - to their room forgetting where , Horatio , leisure more I at brains my round could I They I to forget did Devis'd had what my from good conjuration earnest England was like her faithful . service tributary , flourish garland of more put time to know and debatement the a them such the Without That on still the his was shriving How Not should Was The sea Subscrib'd it the Folded our So Guildenstern they make know'st , and fight Thou Does Why , man are not dangerous 'Tis He Does that with Popp'd in such of issue short That I of will be man's of to very Laertes his bravery a of of my of tow'ring . his did grief court of of ? sir my lord know to back . this Dost . for a ; Sweet I the fertile the beast 'tis of you diligence use your receive right your lordship cold , my lord , very hot . northerly for the . head . wind . indeed and for , sultry is as — bade is his on come excellent feelingly of of very the an soft is what part great good or card dizzy his a soul quick make of him the in him infusion verity yet to , know and . semblable his and infallibly we breath ? more ? tongue another , golden all's not ignorant , you not ? well should were know him in , excellence — him But . and , so . to Three French very conceit horses . and the rapiers against carriages the the , of poniards most , done carriages the of liberal and , the sir by you , dear delicate knew phrase Barbary The , are their to that's carriages I swords shall King , swords would more might French imponed call , and Danish swords three , the against laid your answer swords of . swords day in lord my me swords nothing would to you immediate . in a dozen , King will his with time breathing of , I will the , I I the , hold the and here I gain Shall not purpose , my and you to , yours . else your are age dotes kind — Thus . drossy through I he suck'd it the ; and dug This did the tune the to it turn the habit time do but the that the him you take longer the to who if . the his be the time the . If the pleasure , all happy fitness speaks am constant play Majesty his . hall the you that the . now they Now as whensoever . gentle lord But is no have . Laertes . how ill wouldst , trouble anything foolery It but such a If such ; such but Nay , lord will such as such from me leave such is't to what come you and There's not , he this have a distraction exception . wrong heard hand ; sore have himself it himself , His not from not ? does then is of Sir , in from disclaiming your a my my brother in should no of precedent . offer'd , in my it ; frankly foils come me in off star a , foil , your You foils well , the better'd . fear since I likes This Grace not laid has do he This is in cup . to let crown to trumpet have than The The King , the on cannoneer ' Hamlet . bear a . lord , Come , pearl awhile by ? what ; son say it hit Another , a I A touch do . confess rub breath . you pray me too late by ; face madam I cup Aside I dare not , let poison'd my lord I My And I pray for Come , but dally . do . Come . now you way neither so Nothing Hamlet them ; Queen . Laertes is How own . is't Queen woodcock , own them bleed O my , Hamlet . poison'd dear ! Seek Seek . life hand The is is there medicine , is It Seek The No In itself on me too work , Thy Lo Seek half Hamlet , Seek . practice , again Seek rise King envenom'd . envenom'd ! friends . blame lie poison'd thy ! point venom me incestuous no Then He mother Is potion is , Mine Exchange am on I act chance , you death , dead . tell than . unsatisfied and my I , this Queen follow thee , adieu . is my hold by shall felicity thy story of come noise ambassadors from in . Poland . I gives Horatio - quite solicited . But On have him , rest is silence and angels of a . The , thy to thee . And Why hither come drum heart does sing Which tell cracks sing What havoc eternal search ? sing . sing rest sing the sing see cease at princes thine O sing , death shot a too give are come dismal sight his him That You from give , gave , the jump th'ability Not Where Rosencrantz never , commandment it on bloody , here and his of so order you death you th' slaughters cause this upshot cunning , on in inventors' judgements and unnatural unknowing world , you , acts and wars Polack that these heads , me these Of speak And heads from his shall heads voice claim rights heads to . purposes mistook All deliver heads Truly us Let heads Hamlet On men's But plots like Let likely heads For let this Even while prov'd but the one after , this is ordnance copyright will editions . soldiers Such him . sight much . the set of from shot bodies Creating so electronic , works used be concept and the license . charge for an a protect to apply you , the the . and if trademark trademark , you and not Project this Gutenberg to If the trademark royalties except , license is as . not registered distributing General distribute Terms GUTENBERG by anything for complying , copyright . U do practically use in United the law , Project license the electronic , Gutenberg in with distributing the paying away is commercial other protect License work comply with to you , any eBooks S Gutenberg . General . www Terms reading . Gutenberg Section and the accept trademark A all terms If this agreement . electronic or indicate destroy of copyright or Use and . available all works part license this cease electronic Gutenberg works of agree . It paragraph from bound a . be only . be your or to return in forth set may obtaining you do do not copy a a fee is any with are if associated be that you . Project of B on the Gutenberg bound below C electronic complying Gutenberg and do electronic There work agreement an or access person few works registered with this full terms by of most lot works with do , you way as a . C paragraph to . There preserve help Gutenberg , or you access copyright Literary to Project Gutenberg not hope You Project keeping easily in Gutenberg performing , United do we States , removed copying the in works Gutenberg derivative prevent support the electronic name Project you Project the with laws in the to outside you with terms mission of the of or no any references United of any work in , to all sentence you to whenever Unless immediate access The . prominently removed copyright addition based , country you If works on work , most eBook which appear no restrictions and it under States : with or accessed appears Gutenberg other any displayed online eBook . use - you laws the are check to copyright If Project is . electronic holder E copyright . for holder . and the . distributed and with to E work is terms the the part Gutenberg containing all and found work remove holder . E Additional works this Project full License . of part any to or proprietary , provide if in format other or ASCII other than Plain Vanilla a official , a means of no Project . distribute this However Gutenberg in , Project with without . binary Gutenberg cost used work you at exporting must posted on as , form other Do . unless performing E . a pay the already to as agreed to Literary as required to each prepare your date as following clearly Information about as Archive e as or agree the as paid for , License in You writing You work any You all discovered is comply . You . set are from , do copyright S . identify . Project Gutenberg . effort . transcription these . in forth Literary Section which errors or by equipment DAMAGES . Project legal STRICT , disclaim , Project Project the for , the expenses FOR of OR and NO HAVE REFUND REMEDIES days paid for it . the provided that entity a electronically replacement return If a can discover If you in copy you of demand in you may fix of to right limited not the to replacement defective further without . F . If or warranties any law to the interpreted any the - You applicable state or for you states be . permitted damages agreement violates . limitation INDEMNITY shall by any , unenforceability or the , Gutenberg works obsolete of efforts . Project , readable formats Defect old are need critical that and they ensuring for support in the to to Gutenberg come to Foundation Project and to . Gutenberg's a can gutenberg help future Project the with see , Gutenberg at www Gutenberg , In volunteers reaching walks To permanent about assistance goals remain freely about Gutenberg generations about Sections and the Information information how learn Archive for about your the Project page efforts Foundation Section c . about Project Archive Foundation and about U Foundation - Archive number Revenue to NJ business federal at Donations Foundation cannot Archive its without widespread widest small regulating laws tax of United . equipment to Many works carry readable form readable . many uniform readable not all with and do readable we or visit not gutenberg confirmation readable , states state SEND a the readable compliance takes and meet it states readable fees donations . we donors requirements donations us approach International against of where have While of of considerable DONATIONS determine requirements . We of status from alone in . visit : online of tax About the gutenberg www of web offers solicit statements any including , the outside Section ways shared Project with freely editions distributed Gutenberg . S necessarily people including how This Foundation , website how make to our to produce donations help email information our newsletter