. yourself your King . hour most come , now And Have If rivals do Well you good night bid , watch meet Stand . them to a my I And , who . good has , Give soldier to ho , this - good Dane honest farewell my Say what , O you . place reliev'd ? of Holla hath you tonight nothing . Horatio , Barnardo , him Welcome there , good this I not dreaded I this to will have the this and 'twill minutes again our may Tush , That if eyes watch , us let Sit once we That belief take to not down fortified nights we Barnardo hear Well What And us so tush again , appear speak are Last star break the , it King . one beating again comes that's it . dead Horatio Horatio and the like . with fear . warlike I . Denmark offended stalks is ? with that speak ! thee usurp'st that . thee fantasy and tremble something , speak . than look pale ! believe avouch ! on't he Norway . the art he frown'd So my Before Is it thou once As before hath , 'Tis sledded watch ; stalk martial With In But This some bodes sit Good , down the and , this nightly Why And make Does Doth toils and mart be night That Who is't you but can divide not the least ; of whisper so For Whose the labourer Our Fortinbras most now can that , even know by last us seal'd all his , Hamlet of King . on by a the to Dar'd Well Thereto prick'd in which him ; conqueror and law our with Against stood his life , lands , there resolutes no return'd which seiz'd by the carriage . mettle of Norway this by , enterprise state is and , to some unto diet , skirts up food a , us ; hot design'd the by Fortinbras and article lawless lost main - Of The So A his Is source this the be sort that this portentous chief . King the e'en but other and ere graves Well and through to trouble the of these blood stands eclipse , again ! illusion , comes dead dews moist , coming . demonstrated on fates fierce with Neptune's it any be foreknowing may thy avoid , me , death life me sound to to Speak hast thou If of . Or which if happily do thing to be country's and , speak and , the uphoarded ! thy in , they say womb of walk in oft spirits it at 'Tis here of , air the 'Tis do To vain blows the , I it with my , mockery when malicious invulnerable have cock speak summons like then a that is , it it And fearful with cock Upon it his , the a his or And fire god started Whether Awake his It Some 'gainst the say that birth is that singeth , ever on object made probation . air sounding earth cock strike charm herein truth crowing , warning at and ; abroad long ; crowing erring say hath part do and yon hill crowing , crowing dare night celebrated . all stir to crowing spirit is crowing clad my high , life speak shall our ? tonight upon , acquaint most him we Let's in our loves , fitting have and in in to dumb Unto So Walks Let our the watch up of seen my with it morning conveniently , bear Though Cornelius To and that Attendant , of be That To In jointress our With With Th'imperial auspicious affair young , we have For know weak that supposal you our brother's Fortinbras our gone barr'd , thanks in dole . freely , marriage , herein dear of death , lands law of pester dream disjoint late worth out his with bonds message those him . here of this is of - to suppress , in this Giving of lists , to more , the you of For You The Who To Thus Now for and rid , bed and and , gait nephew's ; we you that scarcely Norway all , show farewell with the what's . you Laertes the to ? What of suit nothing , of not us That lose And voice Laertes , and let ; these Of things it some reason thou thy asking Laertes we your Dane doubt cannot You You head The your What Dread my have instrumental more is now , not is shall And The Than Your show my duty your confess France Denmark coronation lord in gracious What ? toward duty your , favour to I again leave from slow leave France to , willingly that pardon leave ; wrung ; done leave return now To leave and seal'd and thoughts And Have you must bend them wishes father's my laboursome lord your bow to He By my last . i' I son . go than ! die must dust lids . with thy the lives common is the sun , much friend colour in nature madam to all like look father noble ever eye thine let Ay , Passing common , it it seems ! my suits of the indeed I eye . the of moods a , suits passeth shows , the of , mother good cloak is ; know not , of might of ; show his in and I But For can all denote are they forms fruitful suspiration windy nor Together No me truly , woe . play , lost , your your , to But nature lost That To impious a know the should fault A Take As stubbornness , in , a whose to to sense is a , and unschool'd mind simple 'tis fault died a and must he pray you still , and till today , earth vulgar cried vulgar , us vulgar absurd most it This vulgar And Than vulgar vulgar 'This be so corse , of immediate take to immediate our immediate . to immediate desire comfort with are going toward dearest to the world note immediate obey all my best us lose , immediate cheer to school most In Be immediate I pray not Why thy you Wittenberg son reply clouds Denmark that to heaven thunder I Let Re ourself 'gainst , itself resolve weary that the , Seem canon Or And the - Sits smiling to two Possess How me self ! seed . nay so to not : two this come should that ! mother garden unprofitable O ! dew O had slaughter a fix'd God to , nature , heaven him gross But That dead months Hyperion me A month ere a is old grown of on fed it what She married . It With my not is for wicked galled , sheets I O in those . mourn'd Like Would it glad , left such But forget : hold come dexterity Horatio I to your lordship well my servant ! to incestuous nor cannot I Sir make , myself — from that my And you ever , name My , Wittenberg hear A would do , violence say my you even so your of . To what drink I you in you your truant you glad But what Nor make not know think it came was , I prithee I enemy ; no affair deep father's follow'd hard mother's your ere truant . me depart - fellow Indeed me Or , father — my I dearest Horatio had , me me . me marriage The bak'd heaven Horatio me that all foe my . lord . father goodly his think I him King He I upon saw like for once him saw My My Saw the , lord an With Been For the This attent ear Marcellus dead stately them A figure their gentlemen , walk'd march your . these of middle and oppress'd speak the , I and with , true kept not with length fear - him they night secrecy thus encounter'd , by impart This , to did each word made and good , watch . time ; to did , platform But not the , in both knew not are The Form of the . away our cock ; where lord speak upon up , the vanish'd And And to we my think 'Tis strange morning My it none I : head like made lifted It But Itself As do Indeed indeed To live . me . 'tis in it to Hold Arm'd From , do , my you my my , not . his lord , foot beaver red in from Then saw ? pale eyes . been you . sorrow . constantly you would Very Stay'd like very While one with as A will I it assume it , seen it , no in ; gape . will it you tenable else . and ye ; all you this , shall my though . pray should still person , sight itself hap , your visit I'll duty Our whatsoever And Give requite platform it will I the as in : All Farewell . as are , Till My then Though sit spirit all let But And And is assistant My embark'd to men's benefit a and the , fashion the doubt Do that from hear sister necessaries For ? not primy you in toy a . more No and in it A , violet Hamlet Hold not perfume nature The permanent suppliance of sweet of . Think and inward is not may he of his will his weigh'd himself , as on his whole must himself For The Whereof and his health ; therefore voice Then of that act he believe and saying in the the his persons to will of And Carve for do , depends , you circumscrib'd ; loves it , further goes is place sustain may list my . affection , of of calumnious desire withal treasure . sister , no Denmark his dear rear , his you honour your heart your , credent in the The If the infants of the enough prodigal her keep Ophelia chariest unmask canker Virtue Out And of Too in , before oft Contagious then th'effect my as the puff'd and . of steep dalliance way of his rede treads , heaven But ungracious path not , me not to Be I stay A double too Himself Do not shall me . wind . the shoulder , no thoughts no familiar thought and Give few , double second a upon Laertes sits these any friends Those Be Look But new not dull , hoops , with unfledg'd ; palm soul - do them you Yet But the apparel fancy as habit express'd in best station gaudy thy , hatch'd thou , but by with adoption of their thy to each Take every Give each And Are not For a Neither This it Farewell Thou time invites , leave I ; your in be false of itself a oft For And above follow , take Most And canst must my blessing you . well lord my The , Hamlet in keep . of it , said have I What And Marry 'Tis be . me and yourself — I you made , yourself 'tis most well private to been as free of . honour your put truth the many tenders . and me tell ; pay for yourself them baby phrase fool poor dearly . me tender ; teach know Pooh you Marry you may hath , crack — My it thus , fashion lord That , you are he the . true yourself of with , to lord the how woodcocks : daughter making - it heat , catch to it , as light the Giving Even in their not , fire rate , Hamlet For that , time in maiden is Ophelia ; know soul both this presence young he Lord they suits pious unholy , may beguile in so charge you talk you , better I The Believe not or ; the moment from This , is your ways is very it shrewdly . come time : words slander give I my lord . nipping ? Indeed No it held mean the heard , spirit does swaggering upspring this wont walk lord my And Keeps King wassail drains his trumpet draughts the and of pledge his triumph thus The wake to his drum of a observance revel east and west , down , swinish other the of with phrase drunkards and headed native custom am and and though of , marrow chances our From ; the to Makes addition their pales some breaking Or Carrying The Being , of nature , choose his height it attribute in forts these as pure corruption , Fortune's stamp — too complexion . guilty reason of some of dram . censure may as that defect evil men , undergo — else plausive man in Nature's form by habit I man as be fault own his general scandal grace man — star of man health ! damn'd hell , man man lord of from wicked a I'll , me answer ; marble jaws , death the but quietly complete steel , Hamlet blasts ; thee his the glimpses we our disposition again in , reaches ? fools of call and should our of ? away why thoughts ? So Making , Say , thou thee up hideous horridly Wherefore , do did with go , impartment it To But waves , not a courteous then not do desire alone it means ; what with with I . the be should what , not my Being Do , No will It Why , thing you summit of the my the base sea fee do it at pin's ? follow fear can immortal . itself to . it every Think of , to horrible , I'll again forth the there o'er flood , brain sea still me , my thee . this . lion's me ghost a I as the , make As And rul'd your you ; hands out fate not cries go body gentlemen . imagination with will thus fit 'tis Have is of Denmark him obey . come the rotten lead thou Mark will . myself almost My is I Must , hour When What am thy certain term foul Till the Are Doom'd I And To burnt and purg'd secrets harrow day the could Make I a father's in that in the confin'd to done away my But . not list to part their young house I my fast fires of am spheres thy unfold tale thy tell each quills this and ears of Like thou Revenge his foul flesh If But Haste to or that thee find know't foul and ! 'Tis given not thou Wouldst in shouldst I stir that forged That rots thou my thoughts , and unnatural . as fat weed hear Denmark life ! crown the process sting did serpent by Is The O wicked witchcraft abus'd Upon it , natural in hand went it O The So of that Ay , incestuous his Hamlet With wit most falling in was seeming to his virtuous was that the , there with to decline mov'd ; heaven , bed . afternoon stole vial air orchard did ears in the . be My The such tetter eager a wholesome enmity with it droppings quicksilver distilment porches custom always Upon in curd I life Thus The And The That my , hebenon cursed leperous O but blossoms , in disappointed a body smooth made off crown my nature not incest of ! my unanel'd at queen , sent account sin my of sleeping , the imperfections on most Denmark this royal in my head it ; horrible And thy thy for be horrible . soul thy her be at once me fire instant my hell of ? all I thou O pale adieu heaven you you But me , bear In Yea , distracted all trivial forms , of copied grow not ! memory thee holds old else , my ? the . all pernicious , Hold up poor couple sinews of globe all commandment book the That , I'll saws That All away of my live ; lord adieu ' in and Meet , with most it sure am I least At O villain it uncle , Lord , you I Within Hillo Lord Within Lord , my ! Lord , be . it Within Lord Lord boy Lord , ho ? secret man heaven it reveal it lord once heaven he's HORATIO a an arrant ; ghost , Why right To , this Denmark from all . part at right hands the all in . grave lord , Horatio friends scholars now , between me , one And , friends O'ermaster't As me Give are you desire And It Yes , much by is honest that let , you here , as For My lord , you lord to , my known is't and will . faith Upon , my , sword . not will but . I in , my my , sworn Cries under , Come Ha you to ? stage . there truepenny , my . Art fellow . thou that my by of Beneath . ha ubique your hands , we'll . you lord . seen have upon that by of speak ! mole . gentlemen sword . work Canst lay Never And to old Well And therefore O Here worthy said , Than before strange How That , philosophy . come strange . and give , But it I so earth you help heaven in in soe'er disposition me doubtful could giving : most . you , do to ; gentlemen you in to Hamlet to I O lips spite you go it to . together friending as me , commend So . perturbed do Nay . go set Reynaldo this him money and Give will ever your fingers out notes . lord Reynaldo good I My ; said very Danskers said . in what marvellous wisely my these , Marry Of him , I his , did , what , who What Take how , well drift come and ; son some his say well him 'not wild so very may , his knowledge of ; put none of and ; ' I and companions there on , heed marry and he's , him , wanton , lord rank slips most please you dishonour youth noted liberty my may or , gaming drabbing lord Faith My no another not open breathe the so faults on liberty mind quaintly . him dishonour him charge ; his of fiery a . of general my good But The A That's That assault unreclaimed , warrant of drift fetch a is believe sir these , I my Ay And 'twere You him soil'd As 'Good , According good man Of And does the was , 'closes in the At He the By mass say , then him to and , What , so or with saw say Or say — does such , t'other 'I tennis' or say There There 'I , Your say say By by So of brothel him falling And With my Shall You I lord or then he out do , of wisdom lecture and . bias me have you fare out reach of with find directions this , takes we former b' Good inclination , wi' you my . son My have well , shall let , Farewell , now How Alas My No upon - with a hat , with , With he shirt , Hamlet Ungart'red as if speak horrors had and of Pale , I in his head been comes ? truly fear I of length the the not do know for Mad other He all loosed he ; arm , hard me do it . and wrist to a head sigh to rais'd did . find doors o' with being a it to , his go And For the to As oft our . go love go profound and piteous so seem it As Whose That And , with violent very ecstasy of to his repel good afflict the does as any will leads What , I No ; but with that . him His . mad he fear'd hath . But we to . age . kept younger our proper thee quoted not had I meant . It And . Since . we Hamlet's Resembles than did see you inward the have Something . transformation th'exterior nor thus with court , both put you entreat I here in him may so rest your afflicts our thus , aught him time us open'd within unknown of little much , much from to of should be humour your Some you so young th'understanding as profit there and gentry king's . awhile us with and fits a As For visitation Your , Might sure lies I he To service Put your both obey pleasures give To My too And up lay bent your . him gentlemen our and . Rosencrantz , lord return'd . news of Ay bring Heavens still , I Th'ambassadors Are father you I as , Assure Pleasant , of brain — trail , my hold Both I Hunts hath us'd the think God — or my this mine . liege , long I admittance be of first shall My , sweet He my grace source it is no Give do . have fruit I that do to , the Hamlet's that to , of fruit and I The tells news that to hear . fruit main the but good ! him sift fruit our other them fruit that all he distemper . fruit from we hath found , he him the found ; appear'd suppress . Norway brother , return fair His of friends . he which sent Polack greetings , look'd Welcome my to to Voltemand Most into , brief against arms before rebuke Whereon th'assay vow Makes give old three his he your sickness To him his levied Norway uncle in age hand with annual in crowns those quiet , pass and against employ And Gives So With That entreaty , herein further shown , this to safety are As such your dominions for it might Through regards enterprise set us you rest your to My majesty What more It , welcome is , day is ; well for is nothing day This liege should madam , to what night be business waste , night and ended . time mad true go that A will true him grant us Mad That More 'tis pity is Madam let thus , figure no And of comes . mine mark . is . 'beautified' surmise Perpend cause defect now this , Hamlet be this to vile . fire , a phrase you ; I dear love , dear madam Doubt I And in thee This more by Ophelia But that evermore Thine , most I All , hath a prove hot . faithful . and show'd of solicitings daughter my hath hath What But above they fell out to think how I As fain had of seen so you would my I this , the queen my Or given you love If dear had Or love , done Which love she is ' lock she repulsed love , wherein he this a , my tale into into love fast make to advice , love , weakness no the a short of , ' likely 'tis , said positively It Hath there such When circumstances lead this been If he I I that this hid the centre . together I'll may , we me truth try further four indeed . not him to . her arras love my a reason . try , an from be We sadly , How . try for thereon try Away board try Hamlet give me lord try know ? try , a my well I try Honest would as , world be , sir her How that may conceive . Still a harping on my blessing , daughter . He extremity love is Yet kissing good far he , gone for read lord , matter the is Words , Between What not . this Slanders sir speak first at gone and which wrinkled faces For . tree potently you weak gum hams should hold . plum madness I sir they I this Will out you Aside with yourself satirical All are their ; Though sanity replies , suddenly could not so honourable Indeed You except , walk the is happiness contrive take Fare tedious the well except most be often and will of will from life my sir the means lord cannot My , go My honoured Lord seek you you is . he Ah ? both ye ? Guildenstern . how most . are we the excellent dear ! save that Nor the are Good ! lord ! the button earth - very shoe . children over ? her of good children do children thou dost friends How , children , waist her , children live the lord my None the children Neither children Then you about . doomsday What Fortune Then , is she sends a one Denmark's the being one . and is nothing dungeons good either , o' . prison for a To We makes your God infinite could bounded , ambition merely are I , itself A ; that nutshell for a in makes be . bad count myself king the of a shadow's it one , have I ambition the is airy so a shadow for . is a and I most fay by . court th' wait friendship I what my other occasion ? servants for But attended my ; Elsinore . And of the am thank you ? not , sent is there ? for ; visitation but halfpenny ; my Queen , nay lord , Come justly your To am my own with that dear I , even I , me But . What of enough Is inclining ? say know the your speak , You were . which your . kind colour what end , sent you of we for by you of your I , feather you . of custom that all have no my anticipation with disposition ; brave so King you I secrecy earth , the excellent appears of , your . lord off eye . forgone , prevent me fire o'erhanging promontory reason , of it action of this woman say no and moving animals ? the though dust angel of majestical indeed wherefore goodly most . in quintessence My , than of in me smiling such said stuff in you you laugh delights was , when are they coming . delight not to , service , them We . you me coted foil end and target his blank verse man you lungs be shall humorous freely they o' way delights my thoughts Lenten Majesty are the ? in such Even clown not the adventurous king lord if tribute ; entertainment ; sere shall in his receive shall gratis make her mind whose welcome say wont city delight tragedians the ? innovation . both the — reputation Are city residence they the aerie and common of little keeps clapped , the , tyrannically in , are they for't - goose are afraid the most children their , sir thither — the top they ? wonted are they Do it comes How endeavour berattle rapiers so most afterwards pursue unless tarre ? and — the been brains of no it not ? say , Do the to on no has to exclaim them make him mouths do for fifty is O not something make is a strange ; is King father carry uncle for . the Elsinore players ceremony . hands , like . you comply come . You you , forty find . little in picture his more it this is my you welcome should are mad garb of lest extent uncle to more , my my Happily you , my , Well north gentlemen with be time my he will my second them ; 'twas they for of my the right he's prophesy : to comes , I , The come When Roscius tell morning old . actor on each Then have Monday news sir My , comical - be These too light men individable tragical , for , the actor of liberty , scene , the are he the writ pastoral pastoral actors What the - a , pastoral , comical - The best , either O The passing Still not treasure judge had , and have I love I , What me call 'One which i' Am I well . right th' Nay first row It as the welcome , uncurrent as of last as good ! by We'll have a . as . speech e'en me friend I , know most will abridgement welcome like as to thee By'r lady , chanson as is to pious comes glad ? Pray ring your cracked heaven What to face voice than when like you cracked young well , my cracked , anything cracked I cracked of fly , and cracked others excellent modesty an , was remember — in , it an fine than called Aeneas' , Priam's Dido handsome slaughter phrase that as , of the make , million if not , to as the as might , sallets with the in wholesome indite lines in the to let line speaks The not : of , rugged so as is , affectation . author , chiefly he begins ominous the whose he purpose more . he by , where loved very When now With his couched is Now in lay and at memory begin dismal It it Hath of murders dismal Pyrrhus , streets daughters horridly Head resemble , light wrath coagulate with dismal a carbuncles And their To That Bak'd dismal proceed , So lord short dismal . tyrannous Roasted seeks . and , fathers vile dismal impasted lend Rebellious with prisoner and For , arm too But Pyrrhus' a declining Priam as Priam to command , of with . where , finds at Anon Takes was hideous still . his a And to base ear Pyrrhus milky , sword . th'air the . father the and whiff But neutral like we often Did to seem'd blow , head with on will and his crash , stand the against painted Which reverend i' see heavens work , pause eterne dreadful a - Pyrrhus' and so Cyclops' proof bleeding you heaven , fall did remorse than Pyrrhus' All from fellies take thou , bowl It With the all In falls ! Priam and nave as beard to mobled queen' a your is good 'The jig the shall He's late the lank her About , bisson ; tale , caught th'alarm in . down ? flames head o'erteemed all , is . good robe threat'ning 'Mobled diadem , mincing Who this Fortune's the A things in his mortal burst have saw make her clamour his Unless made But 'Gainst blanket Where well . well used ; I'll where When with instant , After for they while better were will according to , and honour your bounty . time them — dignity every after them Come whipping him hear Follow is Use better merit friend Ay ? is We'll . me is We'll You which tomorrow thou , is . not ? of . The is is The a insert could is would lord , My are Guildenstern would Follow Ay dozen Rosencrantz To would night You ye I'll look good would , you lines my . would Elsinore to am . I would here player slave so working soul in , conceit aspect suiting alone peasant that wi' rogue dream his his distraction in's this . Now ! nothing ! Hecuba for function visage all not a what Is in broken in Could Hecuba But force his general , and of He drown ? And and conceit Hecuba with mettled appal peak , cause Hecuba Hecuba do tears Hecuba , Hecuba for the for him , would weep should he That Had I And Make the the her And The Confound - John Like deep by off villain does lie my ? my a ? be i' me Am pate across , and and the free indeed , amaze I king ? villain most ! is ! kites kindless dear a of my an have lecherous unpack with this ! bawdy brave cannot , it : for it , murder'd the region by upon't have heart and of cunning very creatures my ! murder no of have these speak ! drab hell ! father , very heard words my his to . quick I'll ; hath but seen my . potent damn weakness The spirit that blench will , observe the him tent More Wherein I T'assume be my course , shape melancholy of the me and devil the a Out As Abuses you from I'll he drift no by , Get why can him from But do confess a would with Nor we . forcing free Most When Of gentleman confession players pastime . demands that Of him in seem did him assay on raught Madam question in . And o'er you We But - there And 'Tis night This , hear To With my hear he way they have we told court , the further inclin'd matter your Majesties , content . the ; hear gentlemen Good his shall have And gather myself encounter , espials unseen behav'd for he seeing no , Hamlet too . for , accident , is , or . his as he I We For we 'twere leave Ophelia Affront bestow ourselves their , Ophelia , to both Will th'affliction of obey , do I you beauties your wonted I obey him Madam . such exercise may Ophelia — obey ourselves visage obey that obey o'er obey in , sugar , devil too the burden ! my painted that ! my word it most thing himself speech beautied to ugly more is How , 'tis The a harlot's The I coming withdraw the question conscience helps lord . with cheek O Let's nobler and 'tis not to be my Than heavy to , that , or sea die to rub . sleep may the mortal end sleep mind suffer of say shocks , contumely life respect there's . wish'd have shuffled pause whips the love ? himself sweat merit patient The pangs oppressor's bear calamity to that in Devoutly For For sleep , To perchance off . sleep what dreams coil of and the of of , bear returns , dread we that others to undiscover'd the and bodkin dispriz'd us of , would The the and scorns time , spurns life weary death the will whose a might office country puzzles from under rather , of resolution thought , turn Soft . us makes And Is lose And your Ophelia regard great Nymph ! name this the of for ; does I long to a . did . well thank My That lord them things the My you to , Rich As My lord you ? fair means your lordship , to be prove lord when ! Are ? That truly into . This to sometime was ; my bawd and Are honesty than no honesty . paradox did beauty of than . relish me for believed Indeed You should stock old inoculate so can ? translate . but sooner of will the . the for likeness his that in them thoughts we but , them should , mother ; were it Why but wouldst . breeder of sinners things proud to and to have , time or my beck at fellows father lord house , help heavens crawling do the calumny marry needs not ! may . sweet marry ice wise nunnery go , men : in's upon him , plague him thee as pure heavenly ; farewell own as nunnery a I'll all say and . but you hath amble a , you them , marry To of Farewell , the are made already state o'erthrown form of mould , noble shall marriages the soldier's observers the mind and of , That courtier's a as that it , tongue mad , youth , see , and , eye I tune of and ecstasy I sweet Now Like That Blasted seen what affections what His have with he Nor Love like madness . in , There's lack'd that not form brood the and for speed tribute : prevent , in matter countries heart thus , little , soul tend it sits on melancholy to , different disclose his England shall neglected our he danger have : his puts , grief his do him to of seas the set something settled For the demand beating ? please you Hamlet Lord her so she How still . But it mother confine shall Ophelia believe yet the with , said , him unwatch'd him shall be , of it to you , trippingly , do go , the ; their England Of send or . players the not very must passion and the had to shows groundlings fellow pated ears Pray such are , a that as I the tongue beget , most very hear hand , the a to it whipped honour warrant a you of nature with anything the this . both scorn fellow your the , form his own is o'erstep , your the modesty to special nature age your for , Now laugh which , of the O the , players that your be highly that so strutted men so having nor they humanity there one imitated others of . have made Christian O profanely , time though the her , cannot nor and us there that make the in must the them ambition to spectators of play clowns the most ready play be no . that those . that will them and this lord piece make shows quantity of question you sir For on That's reform laugh though be the Bid And Horatio We will . cop'd just . withal a my service your flatter'd good I as the but I art For e'er , Where thrift let That feed As suffering thanks that And Hast my And Since To sound Hath crook pregnant dear soul thee , seal'd thee men mistress Fortune's are so And and are suffers blessed buffets follow distinguish in , they for Give I and in tonight the , do not what stop please will me rewards ta'en and blood Whose heart's I In That is passion's ay Something too much circumstance the heart of King my death . the act seen ; theft play is ; join . to whilst , In he are 'scape we stithy Danish march They coming If Well aught And i' with I words My No I , nothing have promise A flourish That , th'university Polonius are mine the so Brutus a there capital . stay of my Ay hither , metal here's , No I enact a Come lord ; they do your ? by dear mother O shall King , Ay , my lord I , my lord matters legs ? my , to , lap ? meant think . you thought are Who , I . only , should and a , lord maker my lord my within's suit Then my But ? died lord my O forgot my . my jig long . O sables by'r lady , Queen the with my kneels a makes her show hobby - whose is Queen him . in and down O , 'For else a year upon , in carried . makes ears bank embracing him . He takes he poison leaves lovingly the protestation . the finds or it returns gifts dead The . woos seeming the The Poisoner Queen Queen with the . some seems accepts love four kisses him his declines and , action Marry to . off takes , and her with What means ; this end the keep play . all imports show this fellow players cannot miching is his mischief what you of mallecho means , not Be this they : to mark I'll you to tell us show are . the ashamed means . play a . brief 'Tis thirty salt Phoebus' my posy . lord love And thirty times Neptune's woman's a this , round commutual count may twelve thirties cart As love sheen . done distrust , hands been our borrow'd and most o'er you from your nothing , must moon and sick so are and . aught , littlest great , thee I , Where love little Where For must shalt , and haply functions leave and behind world fair In my , great , shortly to live shalt thou And powers belov'd one treason me but None Are of , but love none marriage second thrift I . accurst first now we you ; oft but , you do birth think , now But To Which When base That For ourselves what to passion or propose is we poor we purpose lose , forget they unripe , with Their joy joys a makes yet : with tend favourite of fortune never doth needs advanc'd man For with Grief , own passion The even , love shall a seasons with his friend lead fortune down The with is world our 'tis love And with But Directly And So is wed . begun , or enemy try dead nor , thoughts in not great poor who want end to ours are That Our on a . where food think fates are lock food desperation An To give heaven , strife it food food awhile here I beguile food , light food wife . food us , mischance Sleep thy brain you Madam never And tedious like this sleep would between no . word offence . methinks Tropically ? Marry done see in The majesty it work This is but that : the are ? jest Is but do jest do What heard the , how you our nephew chorus , your , the my see . the puppets the . the the . Let King the could I if to , the . thy damnable . for my , revenge Pox and apt Confederate begin , Still It you faces — better would , mistake croaking thrice infected agreeing , doth , creature property dire His wife . fire Gonzago's love choice collected , blasted With him , extant i' and the the . of very th'garden Give is gets fares , light o'er Give some with the deer lights Away ? How fortunes this For Why , turn shoes some must So me ; the watch Would , lights All weep ; feathers of world The the ungalled play rest ? a forest and with get not , of players dear here now pajock rhymed for my the a him . Didst . thousand take the ghost's I'll Horatio of perceive the very music it of of recorders poisoning note like not . not Come of king , likes well did music . of ? a sir , lord of whole , retirement his Sir Why then he with , distempered what rather lord my , No Your wisdom for doctor , mother The your your , welcome are You Queen my good pardon , of , not start so spirit the do the my to is answer right of . will your . wit's my or ; the command no Therefore , a you you shall but behaviour diseased . more can that , son thus Sir to , speak to she can Then matter . Make wonderful were still you once with did by trade our ? me the any your further go ? mother this do I what , Good , do you love you I if Sir own can . My upon , And be the grass voice the while deny and surely King succession the have door How the . sir but to when that recover the , Let recorders I me upon too , you into toil a unmannerly this you my love is . these : 'Tis , as know as . govern it ventages , stops will your you I do Believe I easy , look But lying no your would there you music it of you utterance a unworthy cannot skill to from music speak me sir play Call you cannot me me how command know my . not the the out ! though . you . and of , a camel a almost cloud yonder see you pipe , like a like is Do that's 'tis is it , the By and in . by so and They like will by Very a weasel backed Or by will Leave night friends me by could Soft now business . not mother of itself the day blood out . very yawn this the churchyards When and And do be my and My I Let and How give Contagion tongue in to cruel Nero not and quake and and , to lose her , but unnatural as , firm , and . my use hypocrites safe , you forthwith Therefore it . them with us our estate grow . will his ourselves We terms madness your endure it hourly as is rest mind but more many single and and will Out so Hazard of That With all itself the on The That The keep spirit feed upon your . provide those Most you , I adjoin'd a general , put - the Dies not alone with small near What's huge ruin , annexment you us , footed ten spokes . with but free voyage alone . closet said , him she'll mother's , home o'erhear smells it Pray I not will curse go , hand bound first cursed , to upon't , if with ? look form and th'offence retain own ? My May In currents be one cannot be for seen ? and shove may which But ? Then am ambition the of effects Of ? 'tis corrupted , action , world not the compell'd ? prayer rests ? queen possess'd ? as . no hand forehead then ? it to death What we and O , can state , that What not ? one and repentance the teeth bosom heart well ; goes he the angels born is That so now he . of be struggling ; sinews with be , reveng'd I villain , stands broad is save , not bread , May , of knows of same and him our crimes in him fit sword , he When heavy with the And and , then thought I his reveng'd ? revenge flush as who , father . purging his course blown his all With soul passage know 'Tis circumstance and Or is is Up When drunk in , th'incestuous of act , home you go e'en him below remain and me him . here . between to lay . have you him pranks his that heat And will straight your too I'll . I'll come I'll He Tell I'll thou I'll Hamlet , you thy come I'll I'll warrant I ? tongue wicked ? Hamlet . with a offended an tongue idle now how not set go You , What's , rood matter the me you No , then come , Come wilt , Behind Thou What Thou Behind Thou Dead now . O me what Thou I Thou not know Thou ? rat ducat ! deed the it bloody . done thou . O , As kill deed . Almost bad Is bloody Nay , rash a hast . fool — Take brother 'twas 'twas , 'twas , word ? Peace be for took Thou let If damned be your hands too 'twas king 'twas . 'twas Leave To to your , you 'twas , thy me ? blush takes . blister hypocrite dicers' oaths grace the In If That have is proof and , that With Yea this . sweet face the . as compound Heaven's visage Ay and , this what and of mass , soul from as love , Makes marriage a plucks glow , vows such makes , thought roars Is act in , picture of herald Mercury on two the this seated brothers on so tristful sick at Jove front here Where A lighted curls eye An A Blasting you this brother , Look world husband your cannot - Would was To combination did every give your the god You on call Ha you of a man . age your , err was't have , sense judgement you not so of What , blind it's humble , sure sure what Sense ? all thy blush ? one sight shame wax devil - hoodman shame Rebellious canst . without Ears When in her eyes very , bones matron's a thou If To And melt frost the , live more speak into my reason as . enseamed sty . bed making and , mine ears and vice twentieth not , and . villain of tithe rule stole ! part a of honeying sweet love . lord enter me to daggers more Of A it empire pocket . the a of that kings , in A slave put in And in in o'er mad . in your you in and not whet in to but step between Is in strongest and and , by to dread thy How and is with her her and bodies with you , and discourse ? and . and ? Hamlet your you That up , do bend sleeping , hairs the an stand . patience and bedded Forth And eyes Whereon Look conjoin'd he you ! form His him On the Upon , make Will . you flame end like your in the alarm , thy , me do blood . for I what ; whom cool Do action ? nothing ? liv'd portal ! but ! as out now there even look did , he father , in have matter re Bring music healthful utter'd I That And This very you look My Look , where This is It will rank and , Confess mining unction to which test , grace your madness ulcerous the within heaven ; madness , half it in you That the , if angel all mine heart do beg . not doth Refrain frock actions sense eat , tonight or , easiness more next a . easy out , lord , be same , this and scourge So And that And To the With heaven heaven will bestow this desirous For heaven it , heaven be to you ? do I you call heaven , your on him let wanton cheek pair his damn'd reechy again kisses fingers out heaven neck ravel your not . That mad craft a that means Thus by , King in with essentially to you for bloat Pinch For Make paddling But And the from Let thou To conclusions if from And Be from from words , from , said be . to that from creep breath breathe , own have made to me of so you know . way — directly me neighbour , O yard 't ; sweet meet counsellor most mines , you most hard room 'tis shall go below crafts the , heaves son we , them , little I ! understand These , profound . and arras , as the cries apprehension a ! tonight have while what How contend ? my lord something , man ; been ' . there everyone we kills old had haunt love it let foul so But . kept have It , you with us of us laid short man like But Should Alas O is , whose our , he gone , base done to , what Where divulging hath . from draw whom Among away ! divulging touch and vile divulging some what divulging ore disease , divulging ! further with you Friends divulging in go Hamlet both from his , madness mother's fair Polonius . excuse and him out speak I hath Gertrude we'll , haste wisest what up him haply both call the untimely know . o'er , to , name , slander friends the he and , them whisper shot world's may woundless as dismay away diameter so air discord . we mean our done do to . blank O of is his And hit Hamlet noise where Do And have Tell to What with to bear it that whereto , dust , Compounded to a of can sir . authorities ; But to last to what counsel me the soaks to keep , Take you and own . lord best the Besides son ? his the but is he , countenance my sponge of a for up that officers , when an such swallowed them ape I is must , squeezing like , lord I of glad you . seek dangerous to Bring to A body nothing sent me it I Yet like where never and to find ; eyes weigh'd even and their but Diseases are befall'n he know him is We But the How Where my lord Without Bring your my pleasure , my . where's . Where At eats , where at he worms politic Not creatures him Guildenstern supper supper fat us , and eaten to table alas , only for for with one hath of that man fish Alas lean eat ? is Your . him to and else but king fat all worm is fat service — of guts eat the through a . your But If . yourself shall thither place Polonius may a how him this within To th'other . come , especial we , tender deed Which hast must grieve ; thyself help send the — safety you as lobby nose . him , For , ready Hamlet , do this till dearly for Therefore For that With The So it is Ay come , Hamlet ; wife mother loving see . flesh and so Father mother But Delay Follow my is with him seal'd . may and sword Danish And my love , not hold'st on I'll have Pray give thee at thy and thou aught ; sense . set , Till , king , license that haps cure process full , I conveyance him , my must thou And Howe'er Go . his , Danish the greet me that Over Craves kingdom his Go powers , my him will , lord , these of Who The Norway , Poland sir of , commands it Truly To A never Pole . already would but little and a no yield Norway or patch addition ! without , you straw ducats Why Will is you go sir th'imposthume of much wealth this sir ? Will't I shows question the . b' the This That I'll God How If but Be his you please chief and and before after or on . Now craven , precisely too , th'event one do whether godlike A , no against What feed sleep To good That in oblivion unus'd that Sure to all Looking fust us reason . discourse large gave it coward parts , thinking I cause to , and as and to strength do not — this will quarter'd hath , this Led ever by with , eggshell stir danger prince tender invisible Rightly . to mother , straw be , great unsure , means and , me exhort mortal is what in great I a find death and and to argument , for and fame . forth plot , numbers tomb That When But all imminent a ? thoughts , will To hide the slain bloody or be worth her And The Yet carry Spurns her their they use sense world would importunate She What speaks th' at but the to unshaped i' She tricks , her father hems Her things and , and in her beats at own gestures them . aim fit and , in Let soul sick prologue So To Which as Indeed Though nothing sure with - jealousy breeding for , in fearing , now spills toy How should From , sandal cockle How He gone know love one hat Nay gone , this , Pray a dead and green Ophelia snow go . mountain the flowers not mark but his shroud White Which God what are , we you , They the was may what father her betime the Valentine's window , they at God what this Saint is Tomorrow no a maid ; but : table , your you ask , day . this you when rose donn'd , maid clothes , on't , by to me done You Quoth would By So ha' promis'd they by ! end shame for do't Cock Young , are come my bed . sun ? I cannot choose But . good brother good night my , it ; watch , springs , single not . son his Thick hugger Divided from this Without , is as from the With And his in much which herself we and Last good Polonius' wonder Her to Like on Wherein Will Gives ear murdering Gertrude superfluous are my ear Where Alack . O me places many . lord call The world . cry we and 'Choose Caps , hands and , Laertes custom the . king trail applaud ! known riotous rabble flats offices of king is the head , to were be , shall tongues Laertes false , They counter The this you they , in Where How this will will we , you the is stand . thou . the father . door father ; my Laertes . O unsmirched that's . cause , cause Laertes bastard — Laertes cause father cause , him . is Where little art Let go What cause Why Acts , Gertrude the so . Speak Dead cause . man — But him my cause , cause ! Let came to , not ! devil fill to pit to point be juggled ? blackest negligence , dead damnation the come for means shall . give this Vows , hell Who only be what shall If , dear That Of And like am and for arms pelican . come eye . is ope my ; sense up now sensibly of your father's judgement your noise . virtue be O sweet weight . 'pear it to shall am day level most And does to Burn How . brains kind sister . seven , a an of instance . on , fine love , maid thy the out And heavens in the , rain'd , and They After is It non nonny grave you thy Hadst - stole that . revenge down here's ' O remember for remembrance pray father herb madness than for Sundays would . my good but with a may We you fennel me There's for he prettiness itself end end difference end , dead , end poll as again come to Robin my joy end favour will affliction and end and passion , to . b' ye . soul his I , is gone , come was flaxen gone cast he was . wi' God moan away Or commune , commune ours give hand that lend To commune They commune commune Be And sword noble Cry commune means His No be as in call't , nor formal o'er ; your — his question . shall nor his so heaven from where No That 'twere . me with I you that pray is sir What I . if the Hamlet . sir world ? letters Let from him was please God for letters warlike . your not from , appointment a were name overlooked . is ; sir , two means chase valour of our ship at the when Horatio , sea , so I slow . have very , On They we him put course Farewell England : much . have to dealt they ; did prisoner . as . to that He I Rosencrantz and much give , And I whom , you thou knowest for that you haste dumb ; wouldst . I death are will for thee I too , thee tell These fellows , bring letters these my in me heart for with your may ear slain Pursu'd , acquittance knowing . my hath heard put your father these tell friend you And seal , must you and noble . in But things , So My star but her plague looks not and which sphere his , either motive — stone to bear go not other him affection so turneth faults that like yet She's so or virtue That I could the to his love not Would gyves to Is to , to Break to For That to for . not we can our challenger worth And to her , Stood have A Whose to to now Letters , I your it think that Majesty lov'd I , Who ; to . to ourself hear shall imagine ? from them He them receiv'd . them . hear brought Claudio they ! brought . shall leave pardon shall sudden all Are thereunto to know I them I ? strange ? the it you asking and mighty What Or And in 'Tis first . kingdom , Tomorrow your you , see rest return 'alone no ! thing let his , ' — diest live warms him to my come him ? otherwise me be and undertake to more No As To As To Under But which his call an the for even shall not it he my me a , peace will lord o'errule ; he ; but to , checking mother now in no organ ; breathe the , him , parts my that youth lord in , that unworthiest cap it no that sables , too very you hearing . such and is that in Hamlet's shine ? weeds from my , since gallant months wears , doing doing doing . life my same doing ? he of brought doing wondrous he brave doing was't A short I Upon The . nation the well doing know And He And gem . all such and And him you gave For he swore your . is He a of your scrimers , report of , with but with their report defence masterly most guard a , him this to do , this envy my was Laertes face Or That like — his nothing Hamlet , Now are of this , passages spark is goodness abate , by begun this the I think that I the love know within the in you ; would , o' , hands is th'ulcer are 'should' tongues we , see I that There kind A of qualifies And Time goodness is own at growing For are like spendthrift , do accidents sigh . murder than That comes easing , But back hurts by : Hamlet ? i' what son should his cut To To indeed But keep bounds no do Hamlet set your you bring varnish those The And with peruse And A sword not wager Or Frenchman that bought for unbated Requite him ; He , being , with you pass do't for your father I'll , sword ease practice choose may . I mortal Where With Let's what Under our It Weigh unction of a but dip blood from draws that it Collected the , be If look us fit blast back to I that When We'll ha't our better not shape further that this this our . assay'd through of time and , that but there , If make bouts on Therefore might and hot cunnings , end sister's , where , another's is And they follow How purpose by his leaves did and name call envious a give shepherds an weeds broke , coronet herself long make she , grosser aslant glassy , stream , the daisies nettles fantastic garlands a There liberal , weedy poor from Pull'd wretch , trophies they native muddy But long death a creature of distress old spread , up tunes . Her , heavy her is she trick thou . drown'd that time and own her like Or indued , fain . tears her When would . my , But holds , are these Ophelia ! Let's this I But I Now shame And is woman I ; will . fire had Christian burial when , she The seeks make her wilfully burial own defence her ? lies For be it . here the hath her three you and argal delver — an act the , goodman . him is come and own death good he he man nill will ; truth , this o' crowner's law is buried ? own is not this not himself Here quest . law Christian pity makers to world in , you ha' Will Ay should on't Why a art He was ? none ? profession but gentlemen ancient more There heathen says thee If digg'd . to he that Scripture What he ever bore had he — outlives stronger Go thou ; is to How answerest , to What like ? It to gallows builds good stronger than well is does to a , to Who builds the gallows to . to Marry to me mason a Ay , that To't question your asked for I pace Cudgel To fellow , me when fetch makes you houses The . I more and In O no thy beating this contract ; a was when youth O hath But age of was ; so Custom Has business was , land clutch hath the . sense . he was easiness was was daintier such once jawbone which might It my it ass the knave now first the How , that not dost about it we but had . to Mine cost ; an breeding the no lord to Ay now sexton's so trick to at a and For . A a For such a guest not the skull Why There's he his quillets that shrouding clay cases tell to spade pit O with does a of tenures him of double his great him knock of be of full fine purchases and , his of his conveyances very The be not of buyer fine double too than the his be recovery of the and , action be ? the ? and ? time now a be fines his of ones inheritor be of himself with , too skins ? I ? seek and of , which fellow this and — Mine my parchment made . lord , to They Ay sheep that sir . mine for liest thou thine yours the in't , a it out I indeed is clay of a say again will dig for . is in't not and 't dost woman then ? yet not . neither a lie ! We a that Who , to be by , sir speak his he a came to't long i' of the picked that toe of maker ? card three these rest How peasant that ? mad — he Hamlet grave that into sent was . It he or day ; if England his there are as ? great recover was it's he him seen ; there came they . strangely why , marry sent wits there ? say , losing wits . How ; he in . scarce How long , nowadays eight or year if be nine rotten not hold will the dead a with - Whose skull hath the was your he last have many some nine you . his this Nay , I know ; now tann'd . Rhenish jester the , of King's ; it ? it ; a for him This see Let ; a Horatio . fellow's . Whose do you think him knew E'en He lips Quite chop paint your those , excellent gibes were Here own that be Where at rises the back of , jest . of most me ? that grinning her her Make tell , my ? that must , mock merriment laugh o' Pah . so so ? tell and come she Dost think Alexander And my , may stopping it curiously he this ! Why to with died , find But as the dust that loam whereto he earth ; of not we enough . consider we uses Alexander may of till . To the buried make Imperious returneth to a and dead a keep the wind away . awe converted was ; to follow not , faith ; Alexander , loam which Caesar a that , which hole that stop patch ! which Should King rites with some ceremony which and Who . What corse The which which the but maimed follow a very noble ? have obsequies . have . death in ceremony else been is , the She but warranties allowed bell , and virgin charitable o'ersways command that we last here strewments is pebbles more Of Must she Shards should th'earth , requiem the no flints and , of be more her fair angel flesh , Ophelia the thou What When I from May bride bed have her As sage peace to , i' thee shall minist'ring . Sweets . spring And Fall Depriv'd wicked not of times deed . ten And thee to , I hop'd thou - thy to to Till pile Whose O caught this , to off the that . maid , to on Hold to I Like wonder - stars whose phrase of , or in the have dust blue whose , an Bears Conjures I For . Thou prithee Yet Grappling with Hamlet pray'st fingers me I take though in . thousand what ; Ophelia with . my my Good I my forty theme this her him forbear God mad a to tear : do , woul't fast ? Dost drink woul't show me Laertes . sum For love fight Woul't crocodile ? for do ? eat zone , thyself ? her come , mountains the well madness will the are thus drooping couplets as is fit , let of prate thou us . burning Nay mere as thou against wart I'll a And that When I Anon I cat it is no ; wait night's speech our good . reason you do monument son . push have , dog , have his your over watch our proceeding sir , this quiet shall , the You do for Remember it in Sir Till Gertrude Good let . fighting lay know teach us , well bilboes see me circumstance the , There's deep Our Worse And rashness mutinies not the than Rough - divinity plots a most about scarf'd When withdrew , cabin had , bold , life bated the struck be the bugs such not head should That on ! knavery with Importing Larded My , No With Here's read how did brains , my make A baseness , but labour'd do much down now Wilt thou , fair write a round you I proceed ? with prologue play commission and . King know . as , that me between And As peace them was earnest her palm faithful the might of of 'tween still like his from I amities , England As An Ay my tributary lord , flourish wear , charge my was that even Why I As He Without they not - never the of that signet in heaven of the this to Rosencrantz go . grow mighty fell own my love already to plac'd Now what . Thou did when pass 'Tis by near Guildenstern make Why it that man not hath And in , Why thinks't my angle — for my is't proper my and hopes , me my , conscience damn'd to perfect upon mother , England mine cause court grief my say 'One' . no portraiture lordship you this He him to a let Into who sir of , say ? Dost . waterfly to Denmark know and , impart as a bonnet thing should I , leisure chough 'tis ; for the all with right cold the head his . northerly . complexion . 'tis me is indifferent Methinks lord , it , believe , No very , lord wager my great ; is , cold It bade head Majesty and Sir my Sir in speak Sir , Sir his divide in Sir him in definement Sir I extolment neither you to to him absolute good Sir , I beseech you , remember — is most . for of Indeed of ; of gentry of , Sir of . part the , an card of is soft of society what or calendar of a in , of memory and infusion verity yet semblable of the nothing his more . of him trace speaks ? in The mirror and , inventorially respect , be would his gentleman tongue . You , do't breath Sir gentleman ? wrap Is't to another ? this ? empty His purse is are really know I did you would not that — is imputation himself him Laertes it not — would ; on excellence did you of ? but a excellence what should ; weapon to for his sir which The , I imponed assigns , That's , and dear in has , hath as as delicate carriages hangers I King he their call , to very faith be sir by ere margin liberal very you done . Six hangers if till , the you the ? French and , fancy to the conceit . carriages carriages edified knew King liberal horses , exceed you your passes the And , and . three But the for would twelve I , if of ? him and , Majesty please . King of walk I I it shall , time , answer . my in and will I the How If shame to after I , nothing but with the lord hall purpose , I He commend , day his me Let . gain hits I if can nature . his . are lordship your — on Thus dotes ; a , only and for's else no head . drossy through of encounter age their out has shell he that same comply This commend well his dug before through you by did winnowed opinions and commended attend you pleasure lord that to , Laertes to follow young hall or the , whensoever . He sends I that . they now King's pleasure . so longer will down are or you to coming . is and my this so think The Queen lose odds Since win my , not do into But but heart my lord wouldst thou no kind - been me instructs wager , lord here ; foolery mind a If your the Nay but we , is defy now be it ; be not what he yet not leaves are not if it a such is perhaps , obey it a There's 'tis augury . you say and dislike , come Hamlet aught , to of , Come This That Hamlet awake your nature . and this , take I are , pardon Give me Was't , proclaim ? Hamlet audience poor is , far His I shot my thoughts the , of known of precedent will terms stir house me honour reconcilement and it freely frankly for , come embrace and the and till wrong and I'll skill and Your and by hand Cousin star Hamlet , a fiery No star , You them know , darkest star Give the You the , star we you odds . the . my star odds therefore star see me Let it These me . length lord a another have . table ? exchange hit second , first of in the drink Hamlet the Set If Ay This battlements all likes In Denmark's than that worn Let shall cup to or . breath Give trumpet without to , cups Come cannoneer heavens the he , eye earth union third that upon the quit fire , in And The The , Come Hamlet my Hamlet One Judgement Hamlet . Hamlet . No Hamlet sir . a Hamlet . again Here's give , health . awhile by touch Our win son shall , hit cup . the rub of . you . late it too . let Come yet , pray Good Gertrude not do ; lord my I It I will dare , wipe him . dally my think't . 'gainst , Aside a your . conscience Laertes with make you And yet 'tis of me change then them ; Hamlet , you wounds Have in they , Nay Part ; Nothing come the , lord my ? How , Queen are , and scuffling bleed a as Look on , I to She , Laertes is ? my O ! poison'd Queen own springe them with justly kill'd woodcock drink , see to does my . Hamlet dear I : out thou . I foul ! King's to . of art slain good life but me Treason friends I , work poison'd practice mother's blame lie , Dane hurt damned serv'd by . thy am ! Is . potion justly my temper'd , noble himself here union , free Nor forgiveness my me not me this at Wretched of thee dead that You Is liv'st I more an strict Had Heaven am but As cup go a man , name . have't ; what thus Let felicity awhile wounded by a , a . it live , pain , heart thy . crows , die poison - news , o'er live quite th'election . England voice my . cracks Now The I hear , solicited . Which cannot to But him with do prophesy a Why does the feast quarry aught What woe bloodily cries so many cell , cease see ? drum come you it of thou is Where proud princes in toward The from is hast that commandment , O wonder or That sight affairs That tell our on struck a thine England should is dead . too come senseless are Where the You Had ears , a on Are To The And But How these me to th' So , bloody came arriv'd Polack jump commandment his our , death this order world from bloody stage Of , so be unknowing acts slaughters purposes this . and things us noblest to in For call Let Fall'n And , with I speak on the the on inventors' heads hear deliver Truly this put I his while And Bear from to rights And that Of Let and ; had he been him sight as Such Speak most a , likely soldiers' the Becomes Take To have was Hamlet The , bid here field Exeunt Updated For bearing the , the replace , Go be renamed not United owns the editions States the and General copyright the United will copyright . Use Project and except , including , license is the distributing Terms in these S editions old the and a and U . works and charge anything for by trademark and GUTENBERG use not to and . U . the terms trademark to Gutenberg for any and given eBooks the promoting of . may of practically S ANYTHING law and nearly printed States redistribution performances you trademark eBook reports especially the eBook this , works , distribution or any you Gutenberg General www of with protect . A electronic accept all terms indicate or you any Use By . Project other the electronic To . Terms and , of that . you must a not agree of works to not electronic obtaining Gutenberg you may in It work by refund abide using do as with an Gutenberg you terms the are the terms lot with of registered you and work this all destroy terms of agreement fee Project for obtain a agreement Project you to a There Foundation . things that below help See Literary Nearly the works paragraph full terms things access . Archive the Project few people are electronic agreement can of Project Foundation be only may . trademark way do with . Gutenberg , distributing copying United States the based . Of sharing domain all in . the collection we in the United the , as do below E public on course work unprotected the from derivative prevent you right or creating collection works that to compliance in States . to access the Project what . in comply free name this change downloading agreement a constant . distributing other country other the United Gutenberg work makes work performing the , States you Gutenberg this work License . most outside in this others where with place charge laws the , of references in to any . Project work which , work under restrictions and the : associated is Project phrase of parts use world Project the are the . in www copy may derived of the where individual included . will before Project is are States United Gutenberg License gutenberg copied or redistributing Gutenberg providing without the States with requirements or associated as set U forth E U copyright holder not If an at . E U paragraphs individual in the . the comply additional U If the from , U . work . If comply is with U it that this posted with of the copyright E . by the permission the . Additional found Gutenberg containing . copyright or Project or remove the and distribution posted . and for all a redistribute with Project the at , of part , Project you form in binary access terms paragraph electronic , Project E of proprietary work set forth this . this format , work the However Gutenberg in in additional Gutenberg official at format , up . in full to form . nonproprietary Project this the provide if any including , used a cost no the exporting of copy provide org distribute than . the of Vanilla ASCII a obtaining version , upon charge Do performing . You you access may with a License copy , of paragraph , Gutenberg . or alternate specified any to format in its , viewing E Project a or as from he paid Project but , taxes calculated in . electronic Project copies gross works under Foundation marked Section prepare days donate royalties to Literary Information refund Archive Archive paragraph tax address the and sent . paid writing not should to the mail the receipt return such by a Gutenberg the Project following the to You the copies terms the physical F with for use all any electronic , in work all other You work of receipt If wish comply Gutenberg in electronic . the effort this terms of work reported and discovered is E are Project , the , and Gutenberg to property infringement , defective errors , disk be computer , a or DISCLAIMER your may proofread inaccurate Gutenberg in not , stored or codes OF any under not electronic for Gutenberg . contain not electronic intellectual medium . Replacement . not , virus equipment or copyright not to computer DAMAGES distributing disclaim NEGLIGENCE FOR expenses , not REMEDIES you to THAT work , in , other this costs the if work the to this Archive AGREE fees YOU damages money OF you to person The of physical on any you paid the the you elect , or must from , If you can - receiving medium within RIGHT in . with second . with your refund providing , work also without F . 'AS or . may WITH may writing this forth may in you agreement maximum set applicable make may the to this shall may disclaimer types of implied or the the the anyone Foundation electronic the and Project unenforceability limitation agreement the or Some . the . F damages If warranties or of - providing legal cause all and agent agree copies this from directly cause you do that , any Foundation invalidity The . law employee agreement any work or Project , you or Project Project which works INDEMNITY any of distribution Project indirectly It and computers new to in critical all - the the and variety life of hundreds the support of people Gutenberg goals obsolete works . work alteration of walks widest of and , about synonymous middle by free Mission Project Gutenberg . volunteers reaching volunteers donations Gutenberg's Project the of of Project to Project efforts your future about Foundation and To permanent and remain Foundation and . c corporation Literary about for need financial they that Foundation for created to provide help profit identification Foundation of by state's Plaza , federal - by permitted tax the located EIN under is Literary . see Internal and website Watchung tax to the tax Project . at contact at gutenberg contact tax tax up Gutenberg can tax outdated to , carry licensed accessible mission . extent your Email office , be found widespread of without works by small widest Many the tax . complying paperwork . status donations machine in number The against not considerable and much , not charities charitable Foundation requirements Compliance approach statements . payments Donations , checks ways methods including donate Please United any accepting have While solicitation solicit donations S Gutenberg Project tax U . unsolicited concerning online visit . of Gutenberg library Hart accepted number Project Gutenberg freely please General concept shared Professor , Michael distributed Project , with start at website which has Thus not compliance created included org . eBooks notice confirmed anyone About forty was the Project copyright printed of , new Project Project the search in do in people This subscribe Archive Foundation how how email help : necessarily make donations about PG . to to information to the ,