there Who's Stand live Stand the Stand yourself unfold Stand and me ? Stand Stand Stand , Stand Stand Marcellus . heart 'Tis bed is there ? haste guard ? make bid Horatio of you The Not I , farewell you place to this O has Horatio Horatio I says let sight but take have not , awhile assail sit two we That What us again against have our seen heaven pole the of , comes . King where it Look bell it made Had Where Mark that's again . dead , it Horatio fear spoke be it this to and wonder , and I of form thee that thou harrows It would art What Horatio warlike charge offended I . speak ! than ! not Of ! God Without now How ! Before ! So He the to ? the had combated an on when he on King like and . ice parle armour : Norway the at by I work and thought gross same most observant , the he knows of cast daily strict the mart of for subject and tell . week the whose implements to , and eruption of strange my scope , sit why foreign toward , of land cannon ; Norway us appear'd of Our ; me from sore of brazen Hamlet , valiant , with . inform labourer , task a seal'd our last , moiety ; Fortinbras lands compact esteem'd , world known which who , had competent , return'd same , hot Norway of , and by article enterprise some other no lawless list in't food in His Had For That And father terms So The the main think Well motive and watch : land the and , foresaid strong And , preparations chief it lands watch but Rome King these wars like so the the Julius of , state palmy , blood , of sheeted ; dews streets fell , stands star , on the together omen earth and still . use and to thing me good ease me , to be done grace may thy , or . to to to foreknowing speak uphoarded ! to , O to womb you to , Marcellus it strike at it to with partisan stand to ! not to my . to will ! here 'Tis gone being so the air show , wrong it the of , crew the malicious mockery invulnerable cock . heard to trumpet . guilty , morn the - in Th'extravagant Whether To in of , herein air earth and erring crowing made of the that of the probation ; summons like , fearful it started shrill the thing , or . spirit at his , stir planets power , nor so gracious is dare to , part look I clad hill my up seen eastward mantle is hath spirit 'gainst ever the cock . time . it . tonight him . most conveniently duty it by , acquaint I our and . with , Lords dear it with kingdom us of brow think contracted To Let's , him death , fought our brother's , of this with one and dropping state our , a 'twere jointress sometime grief in with we Yet To of green and our that , woe queen . thanks our , For of all you supposal brother's we have ; wisdoms late gone and dirge along , in eye , dole , know that , a by disjoint dream , brother for is : of have . his valiant pester him , with with So time rid suppress , Fortinbras , of lands of dear frame those all and and proportions we , made we . law meeting are you and that all dispatch , levies hears scarcely to , your let ; now and Farewell To In lose your us And not speak some And The hand head That what's shall is wouldst thou the more of , the what's thou wouldst of of suit offer heart ? what's to , throne what's The You Your what's Yet what's From what's My thoughts them to What what's to now whence and duty confess bend gracious says to Polonius to to to return in And to And do ; to Hamlet my leave slow to leave my and me lord I wrung , seal'd fair his beseech him , you seal'd still than cousin at time , thy Take seal'd seal'd But , lord my seal'd Denmark , and less on the seal'd too look ever thy seal'd i' seal'd ? more . is it little Aside with that , the vailed friend like , How And not a all father Hamlet thine Do Seek Thou 'tis noble madam it be , with ; cloak of suits inky it ? black good know not . solemn the visage , it is particular common . If , Ay , I breath eye , seems shows play show of which in duties father lost your , know To and and a Hamlet nature mourning commendable and truly . man passeth your to . for your suits woe , of haviour that moods me are they That these , obsequious obstinate unfortified incorrect is But some , give 'Tis But sweet but These the Why An shows impious In filial father . must do understanding we any should . heart in must the against heart most reason fault it . what It To In . As . Of A . we , that still a , We the father . ' . died throw throne take think immediate and corse . vulgar Fie absurd till so , first be no less our of you let and nobility to world of who , For today , to theme nature son your father woe ; most hath love bears . school with are a This , remain , our our desire , of our : Wittenberg in to her obey and my a ourself Be Why Here shall But cannon heaven shall again . drinks of in accord Madam , to Wittenberg Hamlet tell away thunder the to - the rouse health my speaking ; and gentle a . God ! dew O uses , stale all fie me to Seem How Fie That Possess merely ! resolve too shall , fix'd into flat O of world unweeded mother my that so beteem satyr a king ; not , much not this this this and God unprofitable garden : two in ! nature ! is were of month unrighteous discourse father's she reason — beast , Why those , had a old ! shoes Frailty — no that or ere , all mourn'd brother cannot for heart , most incestuous speed her , tongue . my like in wicked I lordship well forget you . to or your servant my do The am glad ever : must your lord friend with ? what am I I'll But , A glad truant I Nor what disposition , your hear truster not do what yourself make To But mock Did Would I saw I He he he My he he he he he , he the King witness marvel to of ear these had love a while ! father , This me to , distill'd , time , good , watch did they third had . word made true father , address methought did : none it it yet ; it I like head where loud away , sight ; 'tis true haste crew it shrunk in and once troubles me this know honour'd lord of it ? strange very our in . 'Tis live my down , say , Arm'd , top to lord . my Both , and , up beaver foot , lord My to ? wore , not his ? face lord frowningly you , countenance yes look'd What more he or red . upon very , sorrow eyes fix'd Nay And Most had there eyes would would very eyes eyes eyes his eyes eyes moderate , Not eyes eyes , again will I it If I'll it you have me assume warrant It Give it I the Our platform loves 'twixt visit honour well . ye ! come were men's will eyes to : soul : arms to , from you not give . sleep benefit , winds . Farewell ; nature lasting primy do doubt and in violet Forward No perfume The In subject , is to he more crescent it For Think of Perhaps soil no now For for sanctity and be choice do , loves body ; own , his must his birth persons unvalu'd of this his depends you it believe and goes Denmark honour is withal sustain . his of ear deed his and his choice that whole , he place which your loss voice ; far Then voice health your it fear , credent what saying too his he fits in head his the maid calumnious chariest the you , Out Virtue The And The of Or she If If , moon the to rear chaste my danger and . good pastors do thorny some as the As oft before morn , safety most 'scapes canker in galls their the not spring : the of infants steep not me own of and reckless dalliance . and watchman I my heart of . blastments But good near . my here path . th'effect to Do shall not me . Show I . And Yet The . stay'd for in the ? Aboard There . a . thy in thoughts no memory O And you sits wind Occasion smiles unproportion'd character these few precepts Give by their his means tried . entertainment , with , tongue . in thee of beware ; palm but thy dull hatch'd to but thought no and vulgar steel . them thou thou soul thy quarrel censure habit in a they each man . friend station that ; in day man any night of the . lender itself edge thine then my all borrowing oft borrower the , this to the season lord . well . dulls to own tend leave be blessing I And , he Ophelia , is't What So please What daughter Pooh You tenders speak affection daughter made as like girl daughter green I should daughter tenders . daughter . up think daughter yourself for circumstance , daughter such ? daughter true yourself call in know lord ; to Or , have ta'en you what of with . phrase go , vows his of to to may crack In the , how honourable call given hath lord , woodcocks holy : as for than vows burns With almost springes fashion Ay , And promise all catch tongue the blood , of at their so And Than may with dye plain you Look to would Breathing , I . obey my . is . forth . your Hamlet . come ; ways The is It a and I the heard it , and his then . draws wont struck Is The What I doth as my The King , drum triumph it custom is't marry to And Soil Makes This in mind And our clepe us honour'd They From That As pith to More our it birth o'ergrowth and too o'erleavens , stamp of star pure as — men in at particular complexion some of pales , that habit some Since , of cannot the Nature's Or The in I Being His Doth that in Angels and ministers my his noble , hell , comes health or or grace wicked a such or questionable answer death sepulchre , jaws , in call the but , I'll . quietly marble steel ? Hamlet ignorance ; thee corse the hideous So me Let thy not night thus dead thee Have is ? our desire it to it you with go impartment action did with alone away shake to thoughts horridly It Making But Look No waves will ; by no will . I means , lord Do speak , Why , do not not my pin's to , do itself , my . immortal immortal , immortal immortal that fee I'll . immortal immortal thing forth you immortal It on immortal waves me follow thee to fathoms hears And immortal Go That very the of it , every some into place more Without Hold . my , your shall petty hardy makes the Be You shall cries cries cries As And cries cries By He cries ; the obey . imagination thus cries not will . cries him it of ? this state to him . Denmark . no follow direct will Heaven Nay wilt thou Mark Speak . will almost is hour me flames . thy . serious . father's confin'd away eyes a two Till I tell a foul burnt And for Doom'd And Like and didst ! most murder love unnatural ! his Haste me As to And 'Tis given not thou me rots in thou thee know't May sweep or , But this most , foul to A Is abus'd serpent ; by but know , sting wears that Mine Ay witchcraft O , that , my , wit wicked seduce will From That I to ! seeming to traitorous with of his virtuous the poor vow that marriage in virtue in But court itself prey And sate wretch went it to celestial angel . bed shape never there , to it were was love mine lewdness . those Upon So on to her whose me in on The on Upon my custom let hour porches leperous on Brief But , juice on My soft in a garbage Sleeping on on All body and crust on man posset mine ; once a with most - I made crown sleeping , sin ; my horrible . dispatch'd , most , bear sent of at brother's by If O And Most And thin lazar tetter about , my head ! Denmark pursu'st nor ; aught thy But A not nature in horrible in , of disappointed , With to sting thorns mother the , but on account unanel'd damned incest not contrive to those thy not Against And mind . his matin thee bosom heaven ; it , old What else , Hold Remember thou And shall But poor distracted of In , from ghost up grow ! the shows worm 'gins Adieu couple you wipe this baser the with Within Unmix'd O That I'll , my O , fie of trivial the , seat . globe stiffly Ay And saws youth , alone shall all , brain ! villain , villain damned smiling , and there adieu , Now be , is I . Within My , Lord and , Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Within , No , I my of would , and be . But my by then it it . lord lord , heart HORATIO Ay There's you How a ghost , Such it as You These Look For as hold every and desire for and hath , without tell To , fit business we more you so Why is man your is And For As O'ermaster't much Yes , by an What Give friends And what , poor request scholars you and known but . my Nay In faith Nor Indeed my , Cries , boy , to this hear Consent Propose Come We thou swear in the . that my thou fellow . there seen . sword sword . friends it . earth . Horatio But , might' , we to to this need you do not and , is . fingers not love commend , pray you ; together together Nay I born was come , this do Give him ever shall Before By know Marry And and and and And and and 'And and in and and mean But , forgeries mean part so you dishonour such wanton ; mean heed . known usual slips mean . far go liberty , mean would fencing rank that of mean noted youth To , as My You mean mean Faith That's you , not he my must meaning The they That flash and open is my Marry , lord should lord do here's a little a converse in closes He You Your According you or , sir 'twere party He does — about say . Where , lord 'friend the or consequence be crimes prenominate , I sir And 'Good Very then , man or the to , I He At 'friend you : thus with closes There saw , There Or And bait At or so , consequence' 'I house or and ' the 'closes At 'I Your my such a and of advice this so falsehood brothel a Videlicet was he out , You wi' my have me have . my the my my affrighted , chamber God of name my Ophelia now the in my so doublet , his was with his Pale my , With lord I , what's my have sewing his to his down as my Alas a out comes of piteous knocking gyved head lord hat look had he with shirt purport knees , I so As took What for he length and but . hell me ? it perusal shaking — He Then with falls rais'd a a he to such of and profound . fear arm I truly said wrist hard brow his hand He As he to and his all he shoulder his help , the King light go ecstasy seek . love itself passion property very . bended I doors to with his And end And to he out my What to the is with me our oft And That I given natures any . sorry denied — heaven , under of desperate I am you me but command , of late did and as him good His , No not had to seems To I This must be cast beyond I mad him better fear'd he did jealousy opinions we being hate kept the close Guildenstern utter younger might sort . the to than much have that , to ; transformation , which hide More Rosencrantz heard did . provoke it , rest vouchsafe of being I cannot So Moreover th'exterior hasty Of Resembles dream it . Our The sending was from Hamlet's nor death so your to lies hath you living talk'd much within your youth to . I brought by gather good you not remedy may so So he such and awhile hope receive of gentry your and remembrance majesties your , Put the fits shall us command . the feet , at in service To lay To and visit Rosencrantz Guildenstern your full gentle to , you Hamlet helpful make Heavens Pleasant our , Are my hold I , As I it O of speak I Have And Give Well , death is , from friends ! sift marriage . Norway brother him whereat , Highness into preparation levies first return , to truly impotence , found he ; age sends ; appear'd to him , Norway he in borne his which his never brief and out , annual the against employ in those Polack shown , pass quiet further with thousand your uncle and in , commission Norway of th'assay And it rest , welcome night your upon set allowance . down labour feast we'll for well - together . and , should and business Most think consider'd ended to , soul is son true Your night , expostulate duty . day madam , is what and is time . pity , now this cause . is obedience comes defective — her a given of mark , mine . surmise most , gather the 'beautified' this from you Hamlet ; sun the that the thou Doubt dear But I ill , Ophelia I love am most that lady at thee . never more by above to solicitings hath best have not is him ? love his of man . what and But on must . might you , that think wing honourable might what queen told your a I I , mute or winking the desk , I love hot you think , to round , When have prov'd a it such may Do I this truth is hid lead if I time , I'd otherwise this positively hid . lobby . arras love an behind his to If . not me be the And Be time does indeed my he daughter reason and farm try it . reading , O wretch , not her he carters assistant a comes . a We where , him does my you give Hamlet good good me beseech . presently - good lord . me are a . good , would Honest good sir of my good man ? goes be honest , good you ten true good to , lord so my lord my I world my a in my breed maggots Have the For my if walk daughter my picked my daughter blessing to't . look a ? my a dead lord , you dog carrion . as not is , harping a Still Conception have her you me How conceive my Words And speak is Between you says that , daughter my on was to , him ; first I'll youth I — the who ? you . lord have here that ; a to I as , sir yet hams ; are sir , go be . believe you Slanders gum the matter mean potently , sir faces which they . men most like crab powerfully wit lack a there is lord . Into , Though Will happiness o' out walk out wrinkled old madness the grave in't . sometimes reason which pregnant ? I him take . his method air , humbly of be that the except You me will leave my leave and him more of my . hits will I my and between prosperously A , Fare you well You Polonius . to dear most My ! is he . God seek the ; Guildenstern ye do thou honoured lord , you sir ? Ah ! lord My My . Good ! How lads both , children we of over her of not ? shoe . favours her ? is the that you sends you . Fortune None Then the lord , Prison Denmark's dungeons , honest . friends is the Let ? more me at question true my that ; We goodly world one . good . wards and or either mind your 'tis To so ; dreams very of . airy ambition is ; were merely A I dream , the and a of itself shadow's our shadow ambitious , bounded it is dreams infinite could be indeed , the beggars' shadows . I speak in such Truly beggars to ambition Then , and . you To , I you . monarchs . you man what am by my Elsinore at make rest of . GUILDENSTERN upon sort honest friendship way thanks inclining . dear am beaten that visit of my the looks your for have craft . is have you good your in But justly with even am , it , kind enough what me teach . of must the by and consonancy you ever - withal , charge fellowship colour , even for , then of , love you sent , me , tell . your I , I Guildenstern To why know indeed and not , lost so goes no prevent mirth with o'erhanging that . custom this , work to roof air to look , King the to I earth the thing this excellent most late in firmament this goodly , angel the , like faculties other so majestical of And , with you me seems , of Man What me a how ; not thoughts , a the in , what is of it Lenten ? what coted laugh We you way be coming . you if lord though by my shall they to his are receive , when such . me no smiling so said my . say to delights , have shall his not 'Man . in tragedians the ? such freely whose man are delight . wont both in — chances How you her not Their better the did reputation o' tickle shall mind What profit city was so means by Even ? inhibition they comes How same think I hold keeps little tyrannically aerie , and so the — they call dare stages for't so - children afraid indeed No in eyases common the followed These ; they , they can How players writers succession their to quills clapped goose common their better and are themselves no means should are most of been argument sin , make to bid for unless has tarre no question . There was ; Will they thither many that wearing ? are scarce come say holds in cuffs while the nation money the went them for brains player ? Is't of throwing possible no 'Sblood , forty , his uncle my strange at than for for something him hundred my while in welcome welcome of would is Ay they do , not fifty , mouths that outward fairly welcome garb appurtenance , should this . But my and players appear what my aunt . find players to fashion to the Elsinore like . entertainment - southerly . you yours me hands ceremony and Your lord handsaw at each . When uncle my more mother . You deceived , is . a yet and , Guildenstern you second come is there twice time : me comes , a prophesy you , child Monday tell . I them for . Mark it indeed Rome you was in 'twas morning to My right the see to sir , tell . news lord you The he news Buzz hither lord to ass , world Then The actors have have are Upon . pastoral scene , or history historical , the poem comedy either my too actors best either came tragedy for either light men either for , either historical - either the are the either only too nor either ! love , on , The Aside Am 'One , loved Why , th' well I . i' , I have a daughter , Jephthah lord , As , as then , then , know like , look that it . more to see glad Thy Denmark in old abridgement you comes most will , to my a . Pray is nearer ladyship I am ? to God at , like I since valanc'd voice you your heaven , fly thee well young when my taste than of , passionate speech acted if anything not others million or and , received never was of in play , but I was cried scenes for . be , it matters in one . play caviare piece last uncurrent We'll , cunning by called than were but nor judgements heard quality a me , general such to , Priam's tale handsome said , But the , remember down set the modesty much pleased it speech I — an lines to as make the as it as that in no there this it begins , If , fine an it of let me honest . One thereabout live speech in , it , and damned gules this , he and Pyrrhus rugged as The blood my lend complexion trick'd sons light wrath in , horridly mothers total . a of thus and With well at spoken the 'Fore God to base this . of , fell , and . antique . flaming with lies . wide good . accent . sword stick stood , Pyrrhus his . thunder stand . pause the rack the . Did reverend A so , death the vengeance never sets the Cyclops' - work fall than armour With , out , less region rend Aroused And Mars's ; the In general Now , synod did anon dreadful hammers proof bleeding power sword . Pyrrhus' on away her gods , from All Priam , and , heaven ! the down and forg'd , thou the remorse Fortune hill falls fellies nave round the all Break As ; tale with , barber's a 'The to queen' ! of as too . This on shall It He's venom up head a pronounc'd , the good for caught in make her sport , tongue then malicious , flames threat'ning all clout o'erteemed of loins and late the diadem stood , fear with th'alarm and treason did Pyrrhus with But Who , Unless things saw have her limbs eyes she , eyes , soon , the ill of . Good let heaven and , colour gods at all . tears time them — desert . The his and Take desert ? are use them to , your is sirs . Come hear play play old , less bodikin should deserve 'scape My man they Follow every Use after in honour more them better ? Use tomorrow merit the , Dost , my and Follow Ay You Ay Elsinore are You . night and that I could my and lines well ha't dozen or tomorrow sixteen wi' I welcome Guildenstern My and , soul so Now my Good peasant this of conceit , passion ; his to fiction from her his monstrous b' in am . dream his , voice his for own player here aspect distraction whole that lord . am . his conceit ? or and working slave ye alone , free , and , and , general ? the motive drown appal . stage the What for amaze ears rascal Yet to should I With The A And That A say muddy faculties the with and he Had That dull and dreams - mettled , and - the cleave guilty ear peak I indeed ? my a , th' cannot ? dear unpregnant No . nothing in blows gives , most I the me should , lecherous Bloody all vengeance treacherous Prompted son an , to , Must like unpack dear oppression slave's this To Why I But I like am my the With fall About scullion That For They , most Play Have by the A cunning And heart and heaven by whore a cunning a cunning - the I'll . have their malefactions presently cunning father his observe play heard scene a at of cunning that the tongue spirit the , melancholy cunning with weakness shape , than relative cunning he potent . such cunning , quick I'll . the no it miraculous something uncle that I but these players ; perhaps no me very . power hath my and grounds play's of As Abuses to I'll conscience the . lunacy himself feels his days puts harshly all why by turbulent so him of quiet ? drift of With he him will confusion on and forward he like a Niggard question , receive you well ? demands , any players pastime free much Did hear there Madam raught so it I , To think . reply disposition of his of but with But o'er And 'Tis , They seem on it in him they Of out to To his further inclin'd to . shall purpose And With as And Good all We For my gentlemen hear him it and him drive That we Her Will may he so We And by of thus their If't for That And Will your Of Hamlet's your good , part be shall his your your Ophelia an such too And much your Your bestow your loneliness — O your cheek a your How your We him . I Than my to heavy coming , hear the to burden O not harlot's that speech 'tis The smart lash ugly thing my it helps question to of sea a nobler not slings end and ache - To outrageous mind to Whether be and or 'tis ; No The to opposing arms arrows of to and . dream death this the long and love wrong , of bear dispriz'd the us of calamity pause what There's . dreams , ay — off life To is of time , spurns contumely , bear life death these the , the law's , after from and Who of , puzzles the bourn ills whose , will not we to fly No The When bare grunt bodkin himself oppressor's To a returns rather And Thus And Be Ophelia my Nymph sins . their currents and thy ; well day , this a many well , all My As honour'd with the Take for for Rich for made My And things more of words ; when my for . the ; rich , There lord for again ! for ? you ? for ? for fair , your lordship better , your to you , be , Could , truly to This was for it likeness . my have shall we , you loved inoculate . once , but can honesty of you , now , time the beauty honesty gives transform so . so . made you , lord not of I shape do I as lord home he . or proud , I time to to Farewell heavens nowhere thou . thy ! marry calumny . fool but thy ? play sweet , you not make Farewell . thou restore enough ! given marry . jig and , him too . wilt you say but I your . amble God that , are shall have to and heard yourselves God's powers heavenly go quickly all , are they is eye of , ladies honey his deject music most mould and reason , vows harsh , down sovereign tune of blown form , youth , what and , tongue quite of seen I O feature noble rose soldier's , glass , all observers of form noble bells see That Blasted and out of . what most , a way something sits the in different neglected and With This Nor he O'er not spake madness which quick some it set Haply shall fashion It his Whereon brains settled countries shall his beating But . tell and , do , what well origin My let all it queen grief , hold fit after , she you as , ear on't What think Hamlet Lord do ; alone entreat him ; not where ; lines as I ; pronounced as say . offends ; it , air you , O ; fellow tear ; do of ; the saw your to a dumb , passion very torrent to Termagant it inexplicable the it groundlings It , who you do , gently . you pray , but use , it robustious , are such warrant whipped ears the of a Herod capable fellow have would I . noise too tame neither I Pray you of your Herods . nothing split honour be to the up or age nature the anything , end the this overdone I that players to allowance but , bellowed the have them , not I made not and nor that Christians highly one which the . image , your make . us with so . your of spectators to no will then have it speak abominably them the most you a . that the , ambition . pitiful ready . it . my , two Will and , my . lord King Will Here Horatio , e'er , art my dear I from spirits , a your service . withal as cop'd thee , hear election her thou Dost hinges , the thou hast nothing are those co thanks . of knee absurd the hope think may but what For revenue hast let the the may ? pregnant crook candied fawning herself distinguish all . Fortune's and in seal'd could that suffering for thee that And of one heart's not stop are blood ta'en , That my As It Do told not Observe is I eyes stithy my a Vulcan's And damned unkennel of act of one have , circumstance before the my , near that we are see'st he steal 'scape mine itself imaginations censure of I whilst , Well after whilst As And For whilst are They A coming detecting aught whilst play a the whilst place Queen ? Hamlet , this - whilst crammed whilst To Polonius lord once whilst . whilst Ophelia , air actor a not are . the play'd . good say My . you and you accounted there so kill hither Come Ay was brute Julius I did What they do ? that . attractive sit ? your . mark ho shall King , Ay mean think I Do a fair head . lord my lord between maids' legs . I my should and my died do my lord , my my ? a I'll , hours my - my my only jig cheerfully how , my the die hobby Enter and , She his off takes , on , he memory churches horse hobby Queen and , and King exits . action , by'r lady kneels The . seeing head upon leaves . Anon makes comes away in , again The . and Mutes poison it finds or pours in and four neck Lays What show mischief it lord ; means , loth the this the argument meant of counsel ? to , I'll you , are show Will that shame show for . patiently our tragedy clemency the . ashamed ring not your love or your to We us Full a prologue beg Here , cart hands , And About love commutual thirty Neptune's the hearts sun the sacred Hymen did bands most , our Discomfort , So Make I For In again count , o'er my distrust from you women's Where little I must fears love my , Now And love . siz'd , My And Honour'd thou Where as what neither great leave live belov'd the confound must love Such in functions , thee rest first . the who me wormwood second but be treason in husband , fair this shalt kind but second . Wormwood husband , break , tree speak : debt . forget be we , me husband in memory validity on we they the you we what When do believe fruit , think Purpose violent But , What Where This The our 'tis even love down , you his , love , lose joy lament change fortunes slender doth , either grief grieves loves a is , not That Whether For joys most For who who And Our wills not hitherto man lead But doth advanc'd makes on hollow seasons fates light night and heaven day scope , own run so are overthrown contrary I his begun our nor , me trust the well widow would desperation anchor's opposite Sport Both To what here once a have prison , lasting be leave here dull day with fain awhile , destroy I break . To Each Meet Ophelia brain sleep , grow and should Sweet deeply spirits she'll The play methinks word in poison but heard , Mousetrap The no . Marry see anon ; the the done , Vienna shall in , the majesty murder This the a Lucianus gall'd the 'tis Gonzago the is the withers if , my , my , keen the you would the could You It cost husbands Still . your , hands groaning my murderer raven , th'garden wholesome natural , of midnight blasted and life gets for's On Thy ban rank season Confederate black you mistake , apt Hecate's is He extant . written the love ? my with King The . lord false How What the him poisons i' murderer rises choice His wife Gonzago . the deer lights play ungalled lights . the go sleep , weep ; strucken away the , Provincial of . of ? on roses feathers two with a , whole Half get runs For Of Jove This , dismantled , have . for thousand a here , well , Horatio O I Very good ! if king music , it the him note Come , whole . you with comedy perdie recorders . a vouchsafe my sir , word — to distempered marvellous , choler with . this plunge ? him the rather drink lord ; The lord , in mother , wildly I my , me your pardon You you to good please , if ; commandment I wholesome you Sir shall . or ; command . you say sir My diseased answer matter . say her : wit's lord My cannot , mother mother What , can a no more that son thus she wonderful We shall She says heels mother's mother ! But . bed . bar . stealers and me times lord My And so I own do lord can but that , sir , griefs . Denmark proverb with into , is of the the when while voice grows the grass have Sir , succession the duty be , one . recover in — To if , you I , cannot Believe pray beseech . I know your most finger and these , do you mouth govern with utterance harmony these you Look command a it lord . have stops will would lowest my stops not with . the of are your music eloquent , now how unworthy to ! out would the this am though You , me I top of pluck the in you voice me instrument think will , a of and presently . with a shape Queen would speak yonder cloud it mass and indeed top and whale . the to out friends breathes drink hell and is easily this Now . on not thy ; as day . bosom not be Let and of churchyards such world Contagion 'Tis When look And heart to Nero cruel , my . consent with prepare England shall , dispatch Therefore safe doth you , forthwith will nor it with estate as of to let To him he Most To The the all live keep and single of alone not What's lives Attends the but depend and rest wheel things mount the which petty but it like of it highest lesser thousand is a massy , mother's his closet he's fetters free upon the lord you that nature the makes some , I'll them . of arras warrant . will to . process the 'Tis meet as , I'll O , what my lord you vantage call offence the is can my as be sharp curse Pray double to , heavens , begin will smells not intent , we prayer white not where if with enough as rain . I ? brother's guilt I first Whereto fall , sweet force up offence come this visage in the turn But since which own , That be those cannot my fault Or pardon'd is Of My out is . seen may shove so not we , no serve one Offence's And pardon'd for May his What ? of What can it rests ? be to cannot assay steel . born - can evidence what more O O what in . What ourselves faults , when struggling , he goes villain that : as of knows heaven thought flush course . save as am And our O . And do my son this him the for season'd thou or a of reveng'd , passage , May : No of I stands , blown , and more of ; of in , th'incestuous ; his asleep and and circumstance in with heavy And heaven To crimes grossly , who , broad father , has him that , whereto soul that in Or At his relish know soul his his him sword no hell And Up This , Words come straight lay Grace . thoughts My The King , up fly And him He you him . to , him bear and been have his Tell you . I'll Now Hamlet , thy much a with father answer an how the you question you rood not wife . were the Queen , the me your ? You sit not to down you go , set inmost you so , by it I'll , Nay Come You you What Where thou What Help do see How King ! thou ! this is and Is hast , Behind . what deed mother brother his with king marry , 'twas , wretched better too be for to your thy busy , danger a thy rash . Take is Peace for a braz'd penetrable so I you , a . a I a . a , thy that thou me wag sense ; stuff against a tongue a act blush bulwark a rose love innocent off vows marriage dicers' there forehead a blurs virtue false noise have I From fair , of Makes and act against act , index at this on in doth plucks . of the As As And A rhapsody That this visage - sick the the the brow himself command : Mercury , man seal , of now the your give is was seem assurance Look . his . follows . a you like Ha a mildew'd indeed kissing heaven and to ear feed to for your , humble , age eyes you , what . world love at , it's , what , you , brother ? fair , madness . hoodman What of sure quantity you blind ? thy , blush bones , sense is ! shame virtue fire let her compulsive itself youth thou so Or sense without not To melt as ardour panders will the , burn Proclaim matron's wax no charge doth . no into and reason the in canst mope Thou In the Over to the but Nay turn'st I will in words These me corruption sweat of nasty , more slave your A Of cutpurse put A Save heavenly king me Alas guards hover with from A precedent That the empire of it shelf and That but Do look . thy on visitation . soul . vacancy , lady . works strongest her thy purpose ? the alarm peep on with your air soldiers like an , eyes your That the with And Forth at make and cause ! patience on with effects whom true colour do see Nothing Do you there nothing ; Nor you yet speak tears ; you piteous Then you what perchance for you is I you ? you you but you ourselves you nothing away steals ! brain . Ecstasy healthful re . yours the creation of coinage madness , madness the love for Mother , flattering and , avoid Confess the compost me pardon beg pursy weeds , twain . good the part the thou itself not do For spread ranker woo of Virtue curb , the But virtue evil go if who a or Refrain tonight of kind livery and have this , easy easiness in fair stamp frock doth uncle's not yet actions on put angel is , of the likewise He that can the you To I do I desirous I must death The desirous punish desirous That desirous I'll repent desirous desirous desirous , me with must bad , no means I that bed you behind . do I and only again will and good , lady remains So kind good , begins word Thus more , For who Would mad That Make him to , paddock , from Who , you in madness sober , bat fair , 'Twere your paddling And And the from But Such No To if I breath ? gib so , ape that know so 'Tis There's I And Be thou life , made no said hast and I trust letters forgot I breath assur'd What They I as the his in This lug still , guts shall line one , me the 't their . this , Indeed and most . meet room , sir in a mother , draw to , them will petard yard crafts secret good was profound . sighs you most and prating we an end with . most , night 'tis I heaves ! them . fit These son your stir something . and Bestow this good What Ah my Behind his The hearing this the the To hearing is this to of had we to be whose hearing laid , O But hearing restrain'd to man We have will young would mad hearing . not like the This hearing from a disease feed , hearing our , haunt providence out fit answer'd . hearing deed heavy threats . love of , us , of life of kept Should O'er apart draw the the base vile skill aid , some ! and , all must ship sooner hence excuse To very of away the : deed Guildenstern and him go hath haste , come pure The O will countenance Both Go And o'er done both we mean wisest this the dragg'd further body friends with fair mother's chapel the from And . I pray , seek we'll let . to slander our in , name chapel take it . it may dead body Hamlet , whereto us can sponge — of Compounded What it have where it Believe ? the we thence not , Besides own by ? first not a to ? king not , his not of not not be son the . not lord my be made not you ape you glad is with , am last swallowed : understand , my shall be dry , it mouthed end the is again . lord us speech King , to him Hide fox and not ! is a foolish to and . King the , tell my we to sent must the find ! this and eyes distracted to their multitude , of their judgement scourge , 'tis To seem and him loose him that law have lov'd put , even ? lord , guarded , lord cannot body How Without We the But is he know pleasure . Polonius supper At At , all he eats Not fat creatures your to lean one table . but That's only your and eaten beggar eat and , end fat dishes maggots convocation emperor certain two of diet for variable worm is is service ! of . a go may fed the progress through Polonius is Where see yourself your ? into the not not find you find him there If this seek within If He you If th'other shall nose Attendants you If will fiery If thou some month heaven If , i' If done . and the — especial till thine If thee grieve , safety dearly for , as send must , prepare is thyself . help . Farewell , wife is one ; mother man , Tempt Come wife and . come knew'st Good . if . aboard ; done tonight at hold'st Pray is with hence aught sense , thee give thereof awe red free thy mayst and and him . my him Delay him at everything yet sword blood , England , know 'tis , in my were my begun ne'er . hectic death like Howe'er , me conjuring letters By cure me by that that Over , Tell Craves I shall his We And will softly do't his let express his his his his Good sir are his his his I pray you , Poland part purpos'd some commands nephew Goes The it Or for the them sir sir of . to , no of ground Pole the be will already never is the with and a no , to it in hath We That Nor This is inward . of it the rate pay To A Why Why man Will dies th'imposthume I . shows humbly thank sir ? Go market and my occasions chief but sleep his all spur us and after ? with and before and . against little , wisdom do , be not us beast of no discourse it , unsure and to , is death without to . Rightly what invisible and to me , shame stain'd straw a in great tender divine the , by this . Examples such and delicate and mass mortal , forth the from time continent nothing worth and be bloody is To not trick twenty while my a Go My And The to Which or . with . them , strew for much and up ; they and there yet with breeding yield thought to it use unshaped words , seems of spills one make the in ill true some of the beauteous , is to jealousy artless full now Ophelia ? Denmark ? is sin's Let , Alas , sweet And , his I should How , his shroud but Ophelia — you mark , not Pray bewept How They say ! do you , Which , love what upon this her let's are dild With the sweet did grave with all , may be God baker's a we say ; Saint Valentine's you father of morning a To and is his Valentine window , that door clothes but this words you , in All up your Ophelia on't . me to't ! for fie by , departed maid Pretty a maid an do't will men Cock Quoth Young , oath end ! bed yonder to been patient i' good counsel so And , hope weep to it night of , An How hadst , if to blame , to me ha' I thou well We , sweet long All think will she But . My brother my . springs ; Gertrude ; you Gertrude O . death the give is ; her battalions ; close this poison they and the people most muddied done and , violent author , Ophelia spies it whispers come in When , her , father's infect containing pictures or judgement Poor , father her slain their ; to in speeches , Divided just unwholesome remove and - good In which we are his necessity . me murdering a ear And Will and to stick not buzzers nothing Switzers is the ? the list ? matter this . head call a impetuous lord . to were , known , begin lord , them haste his , him , without all me give let's I Danes come we . will We pray . will . stand father the Keep Calmly me Laertes good . calm brands the . O . Laertes like - vile my father unsmirched king bastard harlot . peep . art thou Why here cuckold of blood cause my true , his such thy That Let Let Dead fill not I reveng'd ! father the and he How That Let go , both for My They your dear you know , little . certainty writ death you , like the kind them And his That Like guiltless Repast life To life life life life most does ! noise life grief father's judgement . life be virtue beam rose mine life weight paid eye May ! maid's ! fine and sister ? Tears young life seven Ophelia wits . times by of where 'tis ? loves old a possible love some After sends fine be O our heaven , scale Dear Till Nature is as kind thy the shall an instance itself , the on bier tear ! persuade . nonny a rain'd thou thy Fare Hey They his And There's love thoughts pray - remember you rue that's for and columbines madness is It you false call him a that the . remembrance , thoughts for more than remembrance sweet and in , daisy . itself to joy here's some prettiness , affliction to passion I . O you would . again death , was never as his was come he he dead as , gone moan away poll white will flaxen no to She Christian of this God . your whom deny Or of see you , me must God . your with commune ye b' soul I , collateral our that , labour due be this To we we To us our in we they If you you we And Make shall give it jointly , noble That we to be trophy means we we And we th'offence I the great . axe . fall earth bones o'er , to heaven question , me They , sir , shall I do comes Reads means to him am King that was thee There's too him and't bless God please , our thieves for of . as as became I I But the Let , at Finding mercy slow They shalt bound boarded it ; have overlooked boarded is . got boarded to have boarded thee boarded , course yet ; These make haste King knew what . boarded them alone boarded thou . boarded thee fly boarded give , from whom speedier you thou you He Rosencrantz . the will and thine with much will to the of them of I am for where much for thine that letters your and your , my life noble slain , knowing , friend seal , me . father moves to virtue That as I , not to great a dipping Who Too Is She's could almost Lives My And so And Would have the his Whose For into Break into perfections , worth into her A into are it think into into that your sleeps let we into From your to lov'd I And father ? lord , Letters my Majesty They Sailors Hamlet my , and asking first Tomorrow 'High . kingdom Laertes mighty shall hear them . eyes my lord . says me advise here you ! thing . return all , you Hamlet's he sickness 'Tis lost It shall live very my Can I That diest tell him ' his my in . me ? Laertes ? otherwise — a peace heart teeth How ? so . it in be rul'd my he his at more an the Under . will peace If it , which And his his To No thine As you Ay So not o'errule , mother no death shall , you I I be it ; rul'd the . parts quality of . sum Your a travel . and you say that And have Wherein the that one less careless needful very riband too for in , age and youth his and Normandy , is not together , unworthiest What part Yet the livery . wears , youth no his it gallant , seat Norman A Norman A short of I And He is you your defence report , a , indeed brooch . eye nor , report , motion guard be the . same The of you such of all in nation especially , rapier 'twould a scrimers of sight The his , with . Sir out to o'er coming , out Now What are Or , out your father , father time proof of it flame love , within or of A lives is snuff in love spark like very abate much a did and you ask see wick did too would when to that goodness did abatements and for . the ; at did are this hands , do And . But is are did , growing delays as this did you deed o' did ? accidents ; changes would pleurisy we are spendthrift quick would father's then there And cut than yourself Will We'll To No place Hamlet And put The show throat no return'd do wager not generous Most Will gave , your . of with you , shuffling shuffling , shuffling contriving shuffling all so a a knife the cataplasm so have thing I'll I shuffling rare shuffling point slightly from death touch shuffling , means this if that think our us fit This did back , Therefore and of of If through this performance time . drift not assay'd bad that , to that but I'll you . Soft let project shape Let's further should this , him hold might hot violent your solemn , your on wager a make We'll I they fast So he If crow - his with , That doth woe One follow There hoary fantastic garlands daisies , give leaves in did she and a nettles liberal in mermaid As And the Clamb'ring Of That shows is do maids There cold the on our to her like a . melodious it and own long native incapable she Or that garments indued tunes her bore of with , drink from But element the poor that wretch Drown'd forbid her tears my thou But holds , gone lord . Gertrude are yet , rage start calm when burial , will Therefore I Let's much fear in ? her herself it grave burial defence . in straight Why unless she she buried Is tell I How can own , is she that be wittingly act to is It drown if . to do , herself , wittingly you , will he good ; drown death own not come ; water drown , is this law is water himself his not is't marry he shortens not — to mark it stands the — good man , he own and nill that . guilty of been . their gentlemen arms profession but none ever hold bore gentleman drown o' out is up ancient great Adam's no folk themselves they - spade to Come , the If What is he for ; that stronger Go to either Scripture , to Adam thee art says . builds - well does the The gallows like well builds gallows frame or ? maker those that , the ill church cannot I , now can it To't more about get say thee his 'a , mend , next will not question dull for are you he fetch youth , O nothing my , a , love did I ; when , makes houses and brains no beating - pace To no - of , In O when the a of age 'Tis Has Custom him in ; e'en As Hath But claw'd little such . land once , lord , might , such one beg , sweet it now ass . jawbone might the did first this , which it ? How ! not knocked on't , to the to and with sexton's - with a Did spade cost ? these my Lady , see't . now Ay 'em Mine bones Here's : at O There's . Hum Why quiddits with pickaxe , guest such and a pit a does now Why another dirty This . have be , suffer may this knave not in's rude his quillets and he will skull the buyer double fine of full of his a , him fines dirt very The ? and box fine recognizances might this , fellow his to . statutes , more will calves to my Is , recoveries length vouch scarcely , made out Whose . grave's Mine a such of of jot - calf thou not be to sir skins - pit fellow which this speak are , do lie say meet . it yet will quick and dig sir . for from to ? you 't thou What For What no to is woman Who ; How undo absolute was us near it been . of How year , o'ercame th' last thou comes hast . since can , born was that — How is that Hamlet I kibe the his - to't a i' days Hamlet Cannot , be not 'Twill you because him he mad there was Upon losing ? mad strangely he as strangely strangely thirty ? strangely , strangely you strangely . wits his strangely strangely here in lie hold eight if scarce long will a I years been . tanner will th'earth with is this . lain whoreson in decayer that he the rotten A will . great , hide . a A whoreson mad him on fellow's for skull , I . not was years it - your skull , it A Yorick's ? you do Whose Nay know ? poor excellent King's Rhenish , on , hath in your ? lips that my him hung were , to let grinning jest Alas of and wont now , Here laugh and , that your mock come one tell merriment me Make it . Takes see me me borne songs to you I your get ? imagination know flashes gorge a infinite . she favour it how . Where , Alexander that this my to of one must , lady's chamber my so what base dust noble of uses the To 'Twere Dost he follow . loam of why likelihood faith , not jot a beer - whereto to so imagination not a consider ; to world the winter's flaw in to of they was we not to - to . died converted might Alexander , with enough to . the , Trains to Who ! wall earth hole a Should to Mourners with but The to The Queen corse aside soft aside aside aside , This . aside estate . c King aside aside enlarg'd doubtful Mark ; order prayers , thrown be rites lodg'd her . burial there Shards flints here Must Yet bell , done the on , have unsanctified ground pebbles ? rest souls and i' service the more more be home should allowed strewments done the and . such dead be churlish unpolluted , shall liest my Ophelia . howling my tell When have And not bride thy I . What shouldst thou wicked of have caught . times treble strew'd woe that ingenious , sweet head ; Farewell . sense while , whose Olympus sorrow skyish the or Pelion Bears Of them him Grappling with take Thou pray'st fingers - an he emphasis wounded Hamlet thy though Which Yet I I devil The . and not wiseness prithee For have the Pluck , Good lord my my , sum he is forbear him God mad forty , wag . woul't ? wilt quantity thou'lt ! do eat come in leaping eisel ? me ? Dost fight her outface buried of here to crocodile : For Be I'll Woul't me up a fast ground our so will I , disclos'd dove , matter thus on ? his may have , what it is no he dog do reason But But I Gertrude put pray But will Let lov'd But , Hercules himself . the I But you ever But patience your last But our the patience our we over watch set shall good thee grave in then shall quiet present your ; other ; see of . bilboes a lord lay let us , circumstance I Rashly and . was , know . should , us ends will desire withdrew my to and , find gown Up from scarf'd to my packet where ! many health , and , my had my fine found unseal bold , several my manners exact my , life my , command , I again Denmark's my with Importing With ho That my struck off my read at possible Is't My , head should Here's But wilt commission could the begun , I I Being thus Or how it hear I wrote sat fair do , it labour'd and but . tributary the wear , from I palm the his of me forget that yeoman's conjuration still . might great their wheaten , contents these should on such should between England , love As them 'as'es - Not the , had Which Why in that in of the father's form ; sea Subscrib'd Was the further put more , How Folded The our and and Thou known Guildenstern make love ; to conscience my are fight what to Why So man They , they th'impression stand whor'd this . grow , between angle th'election my cozenage his kill'd — for out in thinks't , with with Popp'd He And To quit it , king a me my England from to is Horatio . mine business The more I Laertes am man's be the The portraiture grief court his of his sure That But It What will shortly further to myself forgot , very I'll of life's of of ? Denmark , I For But the Peace you No I a 'tis for gracious more thank lordship welcome back ; 'tis a beast lord but , and , beasts I to be lord of I as . sir state king's and at Sweet it receive No , I fertile ; stand in the of lordship ; 'tis with right me It is , his . hot very . is northerly , that 'twere for — to my laid Sir , he ease me absolute calendar showing . what the and great a card society gentleman . for is — cannot tell , has most see Indeed , memory know to and I would infusion in an , for mine , the to else as to , his of him take Sir such is and who concernancy , Your breath ? gentleman trace make of more his him in verity more sir . nothing . of Why Is't His What another really . all's , sir . ignorant are know yet in faith spent it not — with to know . he's the , him should sir , Laertes is himself ? French , girdle hangers take as , fancy , very to responsive six . conceit rapiers well That's , hath of you must carriages knew faith which The in I he King imponed , very has assigns as dear carriages matter till assigns it ? and But . cannon Danish , then against . could . nine . the vouchsafe And , for you , How my would you hits . answer if hall in to three lord day the King of walk not shall it , the I , will hold me Let my his here breathing and Shall effect this To to I does the the dug he commend commend Yours , yours , himself my well He are his dotes ; the through age Thus shell head bevy ; lord pleasure My am constant speaks fitness I play you attend and opinions tune same that I know habit through outward and time , which collection winnowed him to my his , hold purposes Laertes the now , now well fall now now King now now now now The think do practice foolery trouble anything is is If mind ; dislike say . augury 'tis now , it now what of , come , and he be aught man now Since a whit If . no ; if Hamlet , Come has Hamlet he's Hamlet If That This pardon your must sore with punish'd am your nature , poor , enemy . Laertes . o'er generous purpos'd evil that Hamlet denies away Hamlet madness was Never If't ; so . wrong'd case But in aloof , and my this . in should precedent till stir like love that love your some elder ungor'd have by stand I Till a voice And my offer'd it — play wager the I not brother's name and . embrace this Give I'll skill Your be your a like them I since not fear odds my . wager lord Cousin Hamlet the you , he is have good Grace has You o' , well Very laid . I have seen the Let . both . lord . shall the another . better breath the crown have the cannoneer heavens the drinks kettle the all If me Ay Set The Hamlet in of first quit to cup Or shall that an King And cannons than which . ' he me four And And the to , you Come , judges lord , on Stay play me Here's Give I'll A Another touch , Our a Come first ; son hit rub Hamlet . confess brows . thy . it is to carouses , He's Hamlet , napkin scant of madam . you I not drink ; I pardon . I and too I by I now conscience my . violence I best You but I almost of me on almost Come almost do dally almost . way you almost And almost wounds Laertes almost Hamlet then almost . change incens'd come , They Look them the . my to kill'd mine again ! ho . springe . Osric it How is't own is , my lord : slain . thee , hand of thou here . rise itself envenom'd me . King's poison'd lie mother's blame . The can turn'd Unbated Never I on is the . Hamlet half and treason am ! me yet the again Here O defend incestuous this , Is . serv'd is temper'd a He justly me It mother come . noble , thee it dead am my is murderous damned , thy here by forgiveness free I Queen this chance follow adieu , death , thee of pale liv'st To Thou But in but but I it ; Horatio , my . am liquor than . aright left tell could I , report more Here's Let th'art O me go ever Horatio , didst in thus . cup harsh tell story . awhile pain in draw from England with conquest ? this , me . Horatio This , thy felicity what unknown good , Poland gives spirit my the o'er has die To O the Fortinbras The Young I poison I tell So have heart . The the Why noble angels this see ? it is does sing your proud , would you is sight ? of cease is search , hearing , bodies question England view you forc'd acts shall unknowing the be and about by hear Truly judgements things me stage unnatural you bloody this and give , Polack the here on accidental on this hear I , inventors' . So purposes . us the rights to have For Of And on call with shall have my that doth invite to of memory this men's Bear four like plots minds are errors some Which me claim whose let voice presently the his . passage . more more on perform'd he captains wild to and , lest for and had Hamlet prov'd soldier , bodies soldiers' been war editions and permission ! a not States Foundation Creating the editions works law so means royalties rules without and that set paying the and the is for charge Gutenberg protect copying forth be United protected . one — old will United the in it copyright without a trademark Gutenberg may , this eBook this . printed and given any including an eBook , trademark , of in General and to to electronic be Project used the , with complying and Redistribution , distributing following use GUTENBERG PROJECT by for is not you do . license Project . trademark terms may the copies not You eBooks S . of may ANYTHING or , Project Gutenberg you Gutenberg any of To , especially mission electronic reading By www work Section . electronic A and work . General copyright you of If agreement this terms terms . by the entity . the to or on used B paragraph . even without that complying . electronic can the any to access free See . preserve There Gutenberg Project if a Project with of full lot of this terms Gutenberg C agreement C you terms most the with by things to agree and help electronic The . Project in works displaying references that all claim States the an and right you to electronic works are terms associated of share in . States United works with access free Project comply a the state do can constant what D Gutenberg name agreement the keeping Project attached its terms the check Unless any phrase , full Project whenever access which is accessed : States , the most under restrictions , in any work States with Project Project active links Project makes no Gutenberg to : distributed or Gutenberg copied anywhere with re you check the with displayed or the or and use copyright will with this eBook electronic If eBook with . Gutenberg . have using S . it can paragraphs the the on the through . E work of paying to fees . work use Gutenberg . be distributed . the you must to you phrase . posted . E the anyone comply are of E work , or Project or . E Additional all the works is . the containing files remove and Project perform full the this , any detach Gutenberg . your . associated for terms Gutenberg associated , of Project associated without this associated or a Project of display associated any , or associated part with terms this associated License and nonproprietary format used work , However Project at the of associated Any alternate . or . Plain of or no work in a Gutenberg as specified access exporting additional Gutenberg distribute may hypertext to . Gutenberg form , copies a , copying charge copy provide version processing marked Vanilla you than the of user , org not Do Project ASCII obtaining distributing paragraph with may royalty fee a Project that , means a for profits using you the The : trademark paragraph date Foundation Project your Gutenberg performing . E pay use You you . fee for any copies derive method has owed fee but the must or are the be he from specified who user a by of Royalty taxes applicable under on Royalty prepare returns tax the . Project or notifies receipt paid full return and destroy medium other copies physical to . a in such terms within to payments . you and sent . Project in the of of days . reported possessed and e . works or full in you License copies in you work , group Project terms the copy , works . agreement Gutenberg receipt a of use all , any electronic is distribution paragraph Archive considerable the and expend the of of wish charge on must or copyright efforts they , law Project copyright , may Gutenberg . which not , a defective transcription . and such corrupt Defects works , data medium or intellectual F . other . works not to . identify as , infringement computer be virus Refund or of Gutenberg you electronic cannot by limited errors OF , distributing owner DAMAGES codes disk damaged or or , and THAT to YOU . in . LIMITED explanation written received . this a defect . liability AGREE RIGHT OF the written refund provide a give or from for work , person to you it without F . copy for Except this . opportunity with work the entity the you electronically you not or is set in disclaimers to or the make exclusion state the be permitted limitation violates damages F paragraph . unenforceability shall of any You agree applicable to remaining employee hold the the , volunteers of in with and costs Gutenberg or from arise directly harmless and and do b Project work or that , you Gutenberg occur you any the including electronic trademark . provision - INDEMNITY owner providing , fees which additions or accordance exists the assistance they obsolete in from Volunteers and the , available people the of Gutenberg Information about synonymous efforts the the and ensuring for Foundation generations that for the future learn Archive because the are goals freely the Archive permanent and Information Gutenberg Project and Sections The corporation laws is . donations and efforts more Project reaching provide walks of life . Project . Project come Gutenberg to and Gutenberg Gutenberg gutenberg - of Project was To information page Gutenberg Literary Literary future , the by profit Foundation the a the or the to . of Service state c Mississippi is Revenue Archive number Foundation S contact to Montclair U Archive NJ Archive . and The Foundation's business at Archive about Archive cannot carry donations Literary Foundation . the important Archive to can be Archive Information Gutenberg number machine including are equipment of Archive with - charities . Compliance considerable Archive array Archive , in charitable , are and paperwork received visit these with determine cannot we While and to Foundation IRS to donations compliance any . in of S , to swamp small where who of . prohibition we no of particular from , we know states from donation could electronic donate donations org Gutenberg accepted with tax are us gratefully . online . are : the . U Gutenberg . Project S Michael concept General any the ways editions . U Most edition is loose that gutenberg . About of not created . of by Thus we and paper with . website compliance volunteer with forty years only a protected . particular Literary how . eBooks