unfold yourself Stand upon Stand carefully . Stand come Stand Nay Stand Stand am sick thanks heart Stand 'Tis . you Stand had Not Have a relief I stirring night , watch meet , do If rivals of hear think . Give place Barnardo , my , honest you Give farewell , Say , what , Welcome . nothing seen hold seen him of apparition tush eyes and speak . your have again fortified seen story nights assail , to it along night not ears speak of . dead , it . Horatio again comes Horatio warlike , speak . look pale . tremble it charge charge thee ! offended is It ! speak ! gone not ! Before ! was very to Norway armour ! combated in thou Is He frown'd So When he the what and once , smote Thus With Good , sit Why why same strict , such subject shipwrights for the this nightly mart of to so least , even know ; known in by our pride Hamlet him , which a goes so law life , heraldry his compact , world emulate appear'd ; to I but now . seal'd Norway of , by a moiety King our with ratified , by of which seiz'd Was His he Had For food stomach well is no , there it those by other , young by Hamlet the fell . Fortinbras , here our appear Norway skirts up to compulsatory lost this post think may no haste main of our The Of this the father recover , to diet and hath As by So That through sort the most the A Comes In to little mote and armed Disasters As And even the harbingers prologue preceding still omen the to As And our heaven cross , But , thou earth sun the Upon earth sick empire eclipse earth fates earth earth earth ! earth , earth country's , in it say treasure thou in Stop I my partisan and , you the uphoarded of speak ! Marcellus not it if here will ! Do , 'Tis We 'Tis 'Tis , started fearful with Whether in or day and , have a our is offer it blows , cock sounding the heard guilty , his air , morn , at shrill , fire that speak , summons lofty , god Th'extravagant his , Doth cock , the , is of To And nights hallow'd nor so witch are fairy and have But o'er Walks So Unto us watch what ; speak life my and , up Let This heard , the morn in russet mantle advice . clad , it my have for shall to we high gracious spirit you needful we Laertes find pray shall loves , and most this ? know . death befitted kingdom whole nature all nor weighing scale affair follows better equal Taken Now supposal of young For you brother's our our Fortinbras death frame barr'd joy . gone freely herein dole marriage . wisdoms ; which dear weak In Your to wife and with lands law him meeting : out disjoint dream to this be by late , pester of with the . time purpose ; and of bearers of lists in rid young we So with brother this all of nephew's proportions , have here writ , made dispatch Voltemand the , scope show your allow articles greeting and you old duty will and VOLTEMAND , what's . more . What wouldst beg , you , Laertes ? our commend power personal duty . Laertes the we the suit speak be my , We and CORNELIUS to have throne the is The The lose though favour my thou of to return came in willingly Dread to confess wishes duty your Denmark ? thy , native offer to not the heart , France , leave , leave bend gracious must France . and pardon slow me my son last hard ; time ! less will be the best Take Thou nature all that much i' off . seems . must . die not thee know black breath moods , in the the river inky so it Nay alone not through , No 'Tis it it suits my forc'd , seem . of play ; show woe ; might of , visage bound heaven ; Hamlet , some ; earth , course common unschool'd , Fie ? first absurd We and to 'This be unprevailing , the heart Why An heart opposition heaven us of of For to and you retrograde . Wittenberg , who he most nobility , and her lose mother courtier us And It of the less toward beseech we in thee I I chiefest with cousin , prayers madam Wittenberg . Hamlet reply a unforc'd accord Denmark to the clouds in ; that and ourself the Thaw self the - uses flat . flesh would dew not bruit Come too Everlasting 'tis me dead . Oh Fie it on't resolve , all That ; How to ; beteem this heaven was , mother , in garden and of the fie merely Seem excellent a satyr That to I what By That As if ; or my poor those , discourse of reason she old month had , thy is him ! father tears , mine like , beast longer A tears , she all . with more Why unrighteous galled , not is married such to sheets , eyes a married my , that mourn'd My Had Than left She , The your to see my friend : well , same I do poor that , make you what Sir change Marcellus ? even from you — Good sir ? Wittenberg . eye meats . bak'd funeral The ! marriage tables heaven foe that my my lord see , my He your while father King the , Season God's Two thus , figure cap encounter'd at Armed Been Upon and waste In For But Itself to But It answer at And vanish'd it from very 'Tis , know honour'd And I Indeed it you think did , do top , say My say Arm'd , MARCELLUS and , say say . toe say to from his say ? to say ? he his say face beaver foot say . upon you , lord , in constantly very his eyes very amaz'd have While Very It been life his . tonight I when again watch 'twill Perchance If it pray will father's tenable If bid I'll you hell my it Let it hitherto . person you still . hap will Upon hold your tonight sight should gape . eleven . else have peace , tongue no silence this I conceal'd my in , ye farewell : foul to eyes soul would you honour mine as Till Though all sit some doubt then My necessaries sister And as earth embark'd are the me Do doubt of that , not benefit do . sleep Farewell convoy And But is , Hold it and a primy minute favour you from hear the the not a , sweet , not of of greatness and bulk inward service it no but does ; his subject persons you is his not his own depends must fear ; for , do be for he it is to says for act ; list , for ; whole no . place sustain for further songs of your chaste for my believe for you for . dear importunity . affection desire danger beauty calumnious prodigal may sister , youth most , and before canker Virtue Or of The she itself 'scapes the buttons , shall I watchman steep a puff'd thorny and of own his not the . here me none lies dew , good ungracious some not to heart . But , heaven good pastors path dalliance . to like Whilst I Look Be Of each thou any these There shoulder the you Nor Those friends not dull thy may their hoops of tried entertainment comrade in , may , voice . may may may may . may . station may judgement gaudy . tend and my this season , it of , my have Ophelia I What What is't . he said , told your in it If Given of — understand ? What So you please As And is you Give yourself me clearly honour up think girl the your not lord his perilous , you late ! Do . pay a Tender , That are — it not , teach ta'en ; you sterling not , crack these wind you'll hath honourable fashion to to , fool love , go , with true the poor . soul do my . presence this in , Hamlet Lord higher From a extinct time he that parley for , take in much entreatments . is rate may few him larger they suits are , Ophelia , pious This , moment . my is shrewdly think lacks eager it ; very cold . the It wont . his mean And Is marry the and and , though , tax'd heavy manner Ay The triumph it - kettle his And More to the us achievements us traduc'd - addition our Soil our The pith and it vicious wherein cannot of some too ; the , of one men o'erleavens , as , evil grace undergo . fault man dram corruption much manners plausive — Fortune's they of a as may as , livery or star — of substance , shape charitable I'll O Dane burst bones in such from com'st father canoniz'd royal thee . ignorance hearsed the death blasts ministers King , me we up thee cast thou That why thoughts So corse thus , their burst Hath To Why thy Wherein cerements op'd dead horridly Wherefore , glimpses again may jaws in of night Wherefore beyond With Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore then more Wherefore it it Wherefore . Wherefore the lord . lord , form of , cliff the of flood I'll beetles That Or It thee . desperation brain . sea to beneath the roar it follow still not in . body him . call'd I As away say And Hold , lets gentlemen that ghost — of thee I'll imagination . with , on ! He follow Have is . To rotten Heaven state of Denmark will let's Nay , lead me , I'll . me Mark ? I Must to hour sulph'rous up is , what bound to shalt hear the certain nature , am that days . But the revenge am Speak art So to walk night of I thy to hair particular combined knotted up harrow unfold Would Till tell burnt Are Make away to spirit , unfold fires - forbid unfold , house young unfold , end on be unfold O father . unfold unfold unfold best unnatural most foul didst blood List ! love O ; as , strange , thoughts foul , most most as I revenge of with my find thee , the meditation , thee the that thee wings swift thee thee ; thee hear , my Now weed . thee father's whole thee ! that uncle with incestuous his and prophetic O Now ; so prophetic forged process his did prophetic noble prophetic soul , seduce went prophetic wretch in in hand marriage , natural prophetic a — won , traitorous adulterate have virtuous - seeming ! love prophetic , prophetic Hamlet of my to that with hand it Upon as it ; of falling most to made a But lewdness . lust a angel bed morning a celestial air ; ears in afternoon , did Sleeping prey And me let secure be ! But Brief of of Upon my custom of My of of - my smooth vile bark'd the body ; of , crust ; of , sin of milk doth blood courses vigour quicksilver with through posset it alleys into So with sudden a with And , most like brother's ; account my unanel'd , blossoms queen by sleeping , crown All tetter , instant life off even disappointed thee in royal luxury hast If thou not couch And To glow pale his the those Against The horrible O nature sting and And Adieu shows matin What , adieu adieu heart my else adieu . me Remember uneffectual . O adieu hell fie not memory ? seat adieu adieu adieu O copied my , damned villain alone all and matter villain Meet and is Yes ! it and O Within And That books commandment of . volume by be I be . to word me adieu you , set woman live brain shall there , forms all pernicious smiling Now smile remember . MARCELLUS , Hamlet . and HORATIO Heaven Lord My Within be in so are uncle It So . lord Within Within . lord noble , bird my lord So ho , Come . it by heaven . lord secret man of be you'll and MARCELLUS , heaven , my you'll I , But would my arrant dwelling heart How no an Denmark knave in . the all my lord To us right without more i' point own my and desire . words whirling . Yes offence wild go at shall and you business I'll ; Look much It For O'ermaster't And , by no they , my lord . you , Patrick but is friends you , let me tell vision , and will tonight , Horatio there that know friends make faith In HORATIO I Nay lord Nor , in sword my , Indeed We boy ha Come to , you the that sword Swear Then Come lay on Consent this ground . heard ? so . you this but i' fast good a in stranger Once welcome . But come , friends is wondrous it philosophy so help I antic hereafter shall and — on bear . an put To , arms As strange before never soe'er me 'We or of thus think mercy — do to note perturbed commend me . you ; if phrase - shake if help to is you in go not love do man friending , as So gentlemen to it . pray , together together . your and us lips to Reynaldo cursed spite , go set on and come right my lord . will him intend behaviour , money I wisely . well first well And Marry You My lord ; this and drift ; and more demands son what . it . in question where you ; finding sir and friends , well know , come touch , keep , they , at 'twere some his do very But , But As and dishonour such companions gaming , and , ' ; so you Quarrelling Faith or Addicted so forgeries may sir may . drinking youth , As , lord you he my That must , You That's , but seem Of and : Wherefore you — liberty faults incontinency his another outbreak in should would here's sir I do mind , good my lord , it I is slight , You And a As these party The 'Good Having youth 'twere thing a Mark in Your ever with so to Of , mass At And you of in 'friend I the then does At By was then Or There There , of you sale' rouse , gentleman you out with and find former my by a him or . You , we falsehood saw falling or he was of of ; reach ? not . fare lord in my Good his lord his yourself have . you I , the what's , lord , lord as To And As if shirt of No My horrors but ? he , truly ; said wrist length And He speak Pale he with look been out of hell me , thy o'er thus hand his would draw a it and What the with falls to other he me As Then goes , rais'd so to seem sigh thus . turn'd , King bulk eyes help on , seek I hard words sorry — judgement command of . did . better him mad but , you am and denied heed he beshrew But our younger to the . trifle King move , close sort you did you use did I the thus himself you it nor did so have to did did court and by and gather , did , him did may glean remedy our did afflicts , to your unknown to so time in brought I to to days . entreat of to th'understanding , that both to to to . to talk'd will awhile . hope to . you . you please will , pleasures . command of . bent Guildenstern Go , Rosencrantz service be son Guildenstern beseech gentlemen and where presence and make bring , here To Thanks Heavens these our My Thanks too I much And , Assure Assure Assure Assure Hunts to hold hast ? duty I I Assure news Assure do Thyself shall that Assure , to that in them bring Assure and queen no fruit them fruit other fruit o'erhasty is our him fruit marriage fruit grace Give first be fruit , source of the me fruit head doubt fruit and The , fruit His first look'd your his Was That was Fortinbras Receives which from vow with , fee . fine never your employ , against the shown further you , entreaty as to arms of an Through On Gives levied And old crowns in uncle thousand , Makes commission it As your this and . allowance , night welcome is day majesty , be What My liege is well but , And Therefore be the brief it ; I will call let nothing define son is madness ? go less . day soul , wit time is time ended and to since is't farewell let mad it us out find the grant for then cause of now use A . I by this And she thus mark . most and , obedience . and Hath the celestial Thus given the hear Came a I shall Ophelia is — art sun never thou stay to truth that this the Doubt whilst to believe not it him show'd . me Adieu , move doth stars doubt be a I . my , hath love think fain they As must love But I and wing , that on might the you so honourable , what what here , might , to star thy I I desk Majesty Or What 'Lord winking This winking , Admit must Or As had given winking look'd heart play'd winking the winking love No mistress upon winking your queen winking winking winking work , declension , otherwise . indeed , hid circumstances , Within is That been time I'd ''Tis said positively prov'd , him to . You lobby four he in a At Mark me I I'll behind . If his assistant a an reason farm it comes away reading . try wretch - you Well I'll him , look do beseech O , both you poor the . mercy . presently my Lord give ? a picked to , my . man man good — daughter a have you carrion maggots walk i' not For Still conceive fishmonger words — a Friend , not daughter is lord , he my love for you , Yet very ? extremity do my read here a ; eyes men old slave satirical they , to am backward old it which faces For Between that the and . hams Though Will , believe potently ; are you ; the matter , hold sir , you walk out Into my ? method you a if like yet . grave is . which his and the ? lord of My contrive lord , except could are , sanity suddenly You you sir he there honoured most dear My the These well you tedious My . Good Polonius lord seek . Lord Hamlet My To ! good friends dost lads children how are the her or her , waist about Fortune O ? the lord my near , is Then the you Then None Faith . is more hands the me deserved , honest she ; true most , that good your world's grown . and ? dungeons or good . To bad , To either a too To that of shadow a nutshell To ; one it makes be , To then I To infinite space , dream is To itself ambitious hold so To ambition merely it and that outstretch'd by , our ? For and a shadow's light and We'll will . speak such in are our we to wait I most rest with reason of a of you other but ? But ; for my . Were speak nay a come , free halfpenny I Elsinore . you not Come modesties Queen your were King and my for lord is , my have not there . sent . looks good what To , To be , consonancy of have I an eye say you If . sent were . off Guildenstern withal what dear by , you no What we hold custom ; why pestilent my . for of no sterile it that disposition promontory , this congregation noble and golden me so heavily foul , frame secrecy I wherefore but goodly exercises most firmament , world your and indeed excellent this , of ; earth , seems look to air me fretted roof to work you apprehension delights Man you paragon of an dust form you you of in smiling you not me ; no I you such , you the plays receive lord shall are you coming be offer his ? the the sere shall both ways . both residence such Their was better was the followed ? innovation . and of I not ? there , sir top the are can to — own succession it they as escoted writers ? Will — wrong not many that come . players do them while the There their on player about . brains and his load . too , 'Sblood The . You are deceived must you . with comply I than Let me mother hands come yours you . I , old man is You indeed was hither you When Mark . for they say . Rome , Upon buzz . my . historical poem the ' hadst for liberty , nor . scene , heavy the lord ? my of treasure judge What well , passing loved which . th' daughter right , I Aside The Am you call , then by . that lot you . valanc'd to I . abridgement chanson to It What row came As The and you piece welcome first , of the pious pass then , me , show me am face What God ring give . me heaven fly a if , me acted us , me . ladyship old to O lady By'r me last . the altitude be not me me in French cracked . me , at Masters voice , like , of , much might , as wholesome as make , in with I remember it my play was as mine , not , was , the and others , it your — arms , of in One and . sable night horse Pyrrhus , If , Dido an in the top of down method . it speech thereabout fine were to slaughter me let me : he complexion did he it he handsome Priam's see whose purpose more mothers he in And That lend he , gules . and the : begins he not rugged as he dismal parching daughters horridly , with tyrannous with coagulate hellish . he you spoken he fire , wrath damned streets light discretion ; his senseless , and drives command the with Pyrrhus But to Stoops Seeming Th'unnerved father feel falls in Unequal lies rage of . whiff , and with this base his Pyrrhus' a a The we Did to declining , was neutral see will his nothing against winds region death speechless as vengeance sets , forg'd for hammers - the thunder eterne Priam Fortune ! All power ; fiends gods , her from good is 'Mobled up jig Say good About had if But this Fortune's That's Run With her , the he , turn'd passion sword Pyrrhus themselves with of loins , made malicious see venom pronounc'd . then them — chronicles than of in's has rest have bestowed no out better the . and gods she . tears epitaph and desert . Good time the , eyes . let their , dignity his man according live a bad . and . your bounty play tomorrow sirs honour hear . Take . in ? some speech , Murder play . The Gonzago could , ha't tomorrow Ay Dost night You lord I lord ? would for , Good , ye are My night Rosencrantz . my and O But Is , in so working soul fiction that what God b' in a not welcome good You Now am slave peasant lord to suiting for all whole his ; I I for stage horrid ? the cue What he function distraction and conceit ? And his own Hecuba , aspect do the and , ear with ; king a for my guilty the the ignorant faculties dull - can whose damn'd a defeat off Plucks nose , blows me and it the Who Am most and . life ? I speech Yet , I property the Confound The John very and nothing calls as I Ha slave's As ! But To should should the me what the son by revenge a heaven father murder'd hell and most brave villain ! villain bawdy and with , a cunning the a heart kindless , all . Oh ass Why , And my upon't have Must With murder , the , to proclaim'd though by , the soul tongue no their organ the I'll it I know to something Before Play most For I'll him murder of course he is damn , weakness , devil and melancholy play's have , The . this catch by he on this of circumstance the grounds . all why can But from Grating cause he his puts harshly he feels means , keeps be to on his would . of ? aloof will crafty him by forward madness any to pastime you of with much free But . Of that him , kind . him already order ? are seem in way , To And all gentlemen drive With hear We shall his , him him my we , Gertrude lawful . accident for too hither here , Hamlet , no is That may That For , may that frankly seeing by and bestow of If't Will Her leave closely by gather We And so And be your your I he th'affliction good bring Of Ophelia , loneliness That bestow 'Tis Your will We walk , lash ugly , a my more to thing my this in o'er true with to exercise an are show much smart The Is Aside 'tis speech that O do art plastering . him hear I or Whether slings nobler them end arms and by The - by ache to a , 'tis to That To would bear give us calamity the , whips of pause . off dream sleep we Must For The perchance , When in be . ay To : 'tis a consummation coil may respect life spurns time , will life , of we death thought have ? all resolution , does to conscience Thus I humbly , lord longed long , re to remembrances not you . well receive , yours . them did you lost , mind perfume compos'd ? honesty have lord , better beauty your lordship if than and honest did the Are you fair no admit commerce sooner transform honesty you paradox sometime made you I the once of a me love will believed proof was for ; bawd my , lord shall but You it . have me more . virtue cannot loved you . very am me of sinners of than , us ? father your , the heavens him as plague , this thee shalt wilt well sweet Farewell of none believe . be home that house shut Let help pure farewell ; heavenly powers , God . jig make made married on't it hath and are , as me mad hath that creatures go no . more Those To wantonness I o'erthrown they keep another , well enough already a . eye you your is mind rose , tongue state form ! quite music , the scholar's of quite , and form jangled and . seen have I Like T'have seen bells what ecstasy not that form in his a way , woe of of feature unmatch'd doubt danger he quick which hatch sits Love not be Nor Thus his of The Sprung need You from It heard From shall origin love well What in : thus heart believe grief do his Ophelia said , please him with the play , not If My tell neglected Let you it if show We And Of , you . the - I pray , use you but say may I give smoothness - hear rags , very a temperance , it , are capable such to would I . a may thus town , all . I many as as of pronounced to passion O whirlwind the gently Nor for in , it ears periwig my split a Herod . fellow Pray from that too Be overdone now , and so neither the tame the Suit noise , to most out have your warrant , I honour o'erstep feature form of neither nor man and so made so imitated they had men sir them made not , not that allowance have I , it gait that , clowns abominably indifferently play , us , be of , some . let , pagan others theatre whole some , thought though considered fool , the , in , the to Will the Queen the will Horatio my lord . them GUILDENSTERN make hear , too players to two Will you We What ho . service a flatter'd , hear thou knee poor spirits , election pomp thee ; the absurd the choice her hast suffers well and blessed for pipe a stop so . And rewards man him will me Fortune's not judgement ay , core heart's what passion's . a thee of As Something , told I Which prithee I , To my is tonight much mine Observe One scene when thee my father's a thy act speech If that as ghost damned unkennel uncle the very are guilt occulted , join face ; my theft my , the . pay Queen my Hamlet ? my is . my , my others . must . place King Guildenstern my our the crammed with my , No mine th'university , enact Capitol killed Brutus . ready ? your so i' was brute dear sit . Be there th' a good me a of I Come , No , good King To my players kill lord I your in your lap ? lord , meant my a I think you That's Nay , sables long . hope ? there's by'r lady with then heavens O King , declines She off takes Queen , him head a on a die great he must Queen very upon three seems accepts , my this mallecho show the keep means . show to what what , what ring posy what what what what what and hath love . lord ground borrow'd with twelve , moons dozen wash thirty Full Neptune's salt times gone , sheen hands . sun hearts commutual again Since love thirty And our me cheer . o'er count you distrust far So you from is , are ere the be done late of must , is fear doubts fear : know you grows so ; are to as behind : too : first accurst be move dead in husband bed . you , but to oft think you do but , unripe Which But I believe we Purpose like pay passion joy , joy joys Grief Where own ending either the we is . strange lose , change flies : our wed lord , run enemy friend on lack . dead light , destroy joy wife it ever . To and Both deeply 'Tis And never come too O , The they , do , you like how but but Have the jest What Tropically is ? do shall good a my the This Duke's knavish poison call play it . done The murder majesty . gall'd are take You between You dallying groaning and , keen you Lucianus a you It your begin black Confederate hands , season else of , dire property weeds blasted collected thrice infected seeing and Pox . off Come , the . murderer Begin — apt Thou Hecate's is , On King love gets murderer , the love my the love fire false How Give me light Away love love love love love sleep love the if roses rest ? weep go must players of . share , O , a fellowship the runs a ; in a cry of feathers two with me Half A whole one I was dear Didst a for thousand . perceive talk well the did , O good Why The sir a , history . the comedy . With drink retirement his in wisdom Your my I , lord Good . welcome is this to me wholesome Make Therefore make shall . command ; My cannot . this say this and this there no sequel this this to go love this pickers stealers surely friend this . this bar himself ? voice King proverb To — grows withdraw as if one , of the while me me be wind the . duty , Will . you lord bold my upon cannot I know I no . love you . it of beseech , my cannot touch these mouth , you utterance are thing of have discourse I harmony speak , you me 'Sblood do voice lowest make Call pipe fret Queen see you Do By , yonder mass camel a like it and , Methinks would you almost that's by It Or like a like weasel . Very by — bent I will and the churchyards And this By now yawn very , Now not enter not firm unnatural bosom but . not to , as business now ; hypocrites , consent shent use none be she my in with . in , in England shall will range madness terms of in estate doth in hourly endure in , you prepare you in in grow . may provide fear Majesty and whose and 'noyance armour of the bound safe mind more rest majesty draw wheel it when thousand the ten The cease a weal ; alone . groan ; the My lord he's arras and wisely more , going Behind And Since speech of I'll call nature you what lord , my , heaven , well to know I , tell Thanks And the dear it eldest ! as sharp can upon't not intent double to What blood , as strong shall the this if I first begin pause rain than neglect a man offence It , my brother's inclination both in cursed mercy , up form ? my and the am since Forgive ? be cannot the pardon'd which effects May In out Buys what teeth and can to Try in repentance can wretched O To the , there then it cannot can black angels heart babe . new he is ; praying , assay Make ! All sinews ; and soft as of goes That . reveng'd I this sole villain , took , do same salary grossly my and full flush hire father knows soul ? horrid more his of reveng'd , rage a asleep pleasure his about of stands broad father is my all his with in the who audit in With his . how And him salvation or This , soul may goes and . sickly thy to but prolongs it that his that And pranks your him I'll him and . between him , here . not me . Fear , with , mother . mother silence . tongue idle an much ? tongue offended with with . wicked matter ? so not . now brother's . me you What's Why the not set not see go wilt you What , ho . I am hast , O Behind now Dead , Help ! help , the done Is . thou it is King ? not as Almost . a king a and bloody marry As kill . kill , 'twas , lady wretched , rash . some sit you shall , so sense . love a such O . innocent oaths dicers' the words . solidity and face body grace fair virtue blurs the a as And As Yea The A As false soul tristful this - visage loud so With Look your give curls New This To god did seem - kissing , judgement judgement was't judgement judgement all sight true sense smelling of ! judgement is in judgement part hell mutine canst judgement so but mope flaming judgement the in Since If To Could her melt When reason fire speak will the . ardour speak actively . doth burn charge shame speak gives as speak not will but honeying sty ; speak speak speak speak stole . more his the . of shelf a vice the kings part villain a twentieth A lord A Of A your slave The come acting O me You heavenly ! Alas your time and her and bodies . soul . is't you eye your with how do do hold peep wildly incorporal spirits soldiers sleeping the Alas as your you And with discourse ? distemper gentle excrements , vacancy your Hamlet , your Sprinkle your Upon Start your , bend eyes , heat stand an . your patience the On your Would your hairs Your bedded your like end flame ! him him His want true whom My Will on Look you he glares , pale how conjoin'd . effects stern capable this not look upon me , nothing habit the liv'd steals portal . It keep not , he as now he is My This And the have makes pulse as as . trespass that will matter I not not but corruption avoid Confess avoid the them For Virtue and avoid fatness of me compost Forgive not avoid away avoid O Good avoid Assume throw And avoid Repent avoid avoid Yea with with live go if who , with is gives shall change with the Once devil with can potency desirous with are you with be bles'd same this with nature of next Refrain a use yet a . abstinence likewise that the For And next almost either wondrous when . scourge will , lady worse and only to , begins . him cruel , So and their heaven hath but ; repent must I do this this and That One this the in to 'Twere am not in matter , out his pair , with queen good bat ? from despite basket in the from No To the Unpeg , hide , ravel your all this essentially a paddock dear hast thou life , if be words I England Be I had letters trust bear , mandate the marshal And Whom with For 'tis the will his Hoist Is me And I'll most , Mother in I blow one This lug in , sir was . we son a on good Come You , Bestow Mad Which the . a , both , old brainish heavy deed , we had threats of full is The To you will , short be how . have Should This To the on keep like But would kept had His mad We Alas young not the from the apart his very mineral sooner Shows itself will no . O sun O'er Among a The must and Hamlet We Both countenance join hath Polonius Ho , some with he slain , dragg'd in wisest his blank miss O the of And the the Safely ROSENCRANTZ and ! the . here the ! O the dead the the the with with it us . Hamlet whereto we that to it Believe . mine made the son Besides . my lord , his of countenance best service King's up in corner soaks you such an corner : when I corner of I corner corner corner tell us corner him corner A me . Hide lord seek body . with the body after all ! on multitude distracted strong man their , eyes seem weigh'd even appliance . him . at pause sending This 'tis their the the but bear away scourge th'offender's all , offence where By desperate your , grown must hath my What is get , Where Ho supper , At where At but Where ? emperor king of a worm ! alas . and . eat . there into . not guts find ? messenger , go indeed your Polonius , this we do , thine till , and ready is bark With which Which fiery Th'associates For For , tend quickness thou , done Therefore and England . the hast help purposes knew'st Good our . England one , mother wife is mother sense and you him mother hence speed aboard free thy and mother th'affair my not . mother foot on if may sword thy cicatrice , looks mother raw make mayst mother it blood know done , England , mother 'tis rages he my me my hectic cure of like must my For Captain his the begun king . Danish greet . me that conveyance by his our would know a license , his You , eye promis'd so know . the kingdom Craves Tell They , sir are of . on , do't will shall express him my let nephew The Who some against it Goes Or ? patch little but I it hath five will rate be should , ranker Nor pay to To to Yes to Will to Why to to to Be his and good made capability after . with and before That Looking that us or quarter'd three ever Sith A Of thought fust to and but thing's , do will , will wisdom will — to do strength and this will exhort prince mass and divine tender ambition will unsure and the , such will a me , will , a I stain'd shame my my stand a and trick fight cause plot of the try and of while twenty beds numbers a fantasy like is thoughts My To There's She Which Dangerous conjectures good her the collection up think for and it things doth aim ill she . sense nods and fit ; of use they their , make as , were nothing winks she would spills is prologue fearing be amiss jealousy to ? know is ? Denmark spilt song , pray and dead gone and . turf , you . lady , shoon staff and cockle imports , mark . this . snow ! lord my with sweet flowers Alas Which bewept do say grave did pretty love showers lady ? table what maid clothes . and maid his door . an Ophelia that chamber donn'd , window , departed in the the on't end an more a to't to . yonder my she done , hath be will they I , will , Alack men By would think And close all , of weep to All Follow Of and own son battalions your , come is ladies night Divided good Thick Next , hugger from , Last Her his pestilent speeches not buzzers to of matter containing death just herself and inter mere all France , but whispers Ophelia Poor as father's , this places arraign superfluous me murdering a , Alack Where ? Let is matter yourself In O'erbears The young not Eats Laertes offices your And the false you trail they . Laertes it to riotous a in . world cry They Caps 'Laertes , is doors How this are stand you . this is of blood me Give the Cries cuckold drop There's Let Even Why — doth . looks rebellion is Gertrude here thy That little of , That him go thou Where dead allegiance he hell Conscience Let come what both the shall means They My my And your father's , good like To Like am most level It O Burn heat By heaven heavens Should my up sense Within . brains virtue . beam . rose of ! life possible ? possible possible possible possible , possible . master's ' possible O his revenge a rain'd well , thus false . that's , and for pray ; O you must you made he . all is passion to hell joy prettiness , affliction For Thought and bonny he , no not come again ? snow poll his was was He Go to come - will flaxen cast I mercy , God And ha' we all And you shall they of or judge your whom me must . this of He deny choice Or Laertes souls , O God ? apart will . you commune , call give me ours hand kingdom that our will by collateral we us soul , to . earth — obscure his of Let sword means That No to trophy death pray is So must th'offence , Cry be with would great you for from I Sailors sir . They say come . not sir them not bless . him Let bless him and't from 'Horatio old let to . give . appointment on . their I so of our , chase Reads sir was I am for if letter England know that th'ambassador as . a they as haste King became make much boarded of have for , these us They the . him put On , warlike instant death . sent they to , England : may . your them whom , friend conscience must And Sith To do't will And , I from give you , speedier him brought with a ear knowing , your and in me put , which But yet may You safety and so wisdom Which My virtue not but so She's to , you to by Lives That , almost two , me as the by Is , like Who a to the love Would the Why Whose . if challenger of may a reverted not my turneth wood to stone again ; to slightly A And praises noble had so bow them . imagine . to Hamlet from this lord my Hamlet , to This , my Letters your ; Who they by that given lord From , that And Sailors and Tomorrow 'High . I your more strange recount set receiv'd ; I saw . them . see shall , Leave to , of occasions eyes your I return no and , you here , postscript a you it warms That I live in It I And 'Tis in lost shall it As own thine No checking Under for his which even exploit If I and be to me o'errule be Will you . his to If you To If But If If lord falls talk'd If The My if You that been in If since your , you If be And be be rather , will could be ; so . right be might It That I be have And did be be The to been he health settled Yet A very needful Importing , well . beast in With And And witchcraft they As A ? did tricks report , sight indeed of , but play , of Sir Sir ? Sir lord my to sorrow Sir ? a dear , Sir this , coming nothing report Sir and with this him Sir Sir a painting like , Or A that think I lives within see love you know spark , the or much . for this we would hands , a the what : to son deed undertake words ? church . in spendthrift accidents sigh ; 'would' th'ulcer o' changes ; chamber , come your the fame remiss , so ; shuffling a peruse generous And Requite , him sword with A unbated in a father that free , together free of knife in sword a do't free anoint cataplasm no unction a free , it . mountebank free , free free free means performance might let see me . dry end hot If time . project him , bad that , prepar'd hold sipping that there drink your but have to I'll , more that If Drown'd they woe he chalice make ! ha't As make he for So follow There by the nonce sweet How fast aslant ? heel , brook glassy the , men's fingers name long purples weeds broke , and Her . incapable awhile of her native they and , call grosser Unto , Too Drown'd then much therefore her garments she death wretch water forbid my her these custom , Or . Till And our I ; of It The trick be that speech say is I have woman But Now much , follow . she wilfully . when straight burial it defence in her finds Christian salvation grave The hath good three own herself it to herself do the , water is not come . and his life that own . his ? him he , stands . law he Argal . and water water you himself that not , But . this to Here mark on't have truth marry say'st Come even Why thou in . and gardeners grave to spade - If Ay had more themselves ancient bore none had ever . arms that gentleman : understand Scripture . put , another the , thousand outlives a shipwright — thyself wit gallows the builds than tell , church faith for that good to stronger to mason a I can tell unyoke argal ill do than thee . do that Who thy with maker' this O , O Methought , the when ; houses Yaughan contract Has so Custom Hath And hath grave - daintier . sense the that it , did this which sweet , spade now Lady Worm's my Here's beg it , it not How that dost , lord , and knocked on't breeding Mine Mine chapless ; Mine an , more Mine no revolution Mine ; to Mine Mine made Mine skull the meet . a lawyer the with , Will ? too , inheritor himself the his his too assurance I . that sir made ? will this in , the dead . me ? thine therefore it yours mine for . from . to ? be to a thou man , her , speak , three by We ; is woman Lord grown maker his kibe toe came - How of rest picked so , must — was mad is sent It into the ? into that that tell . that day . is was Hamlet ? Every — he was sent wits his matter as mad ; there , as he he here , How strangely ground his what been years , Upon e'en Denmark if , sir , his hide he . in that nine Why a skull mad whoreson body great , nowadays ; eight a ; three Here's ; fellow's ; water dead ; Nay it was I , same Let E'en Alas , of skull Yorick's most be that , at her chop lips that your how Yorick , fancy ? times rises My one ? borne me see . Where his I Not Horatio Where , come chamber she tell . tell her , Where Dost Where Where Where E'en Where And . not imagination trace may stopping it Horatio lord to thither a - consider follow return faith , loam . whereto ; Why earth , with was not earth hole ? so Alexander might . away in . King . world awe ? c converted which winter's the kept ! wall Might and which returneth that dust a , that which that but a keep turn'd and the comes which doth that they estate betoken which desperate Trains . which Mark which . hand mark . as order have For . command warranties Her And She , obsequies have . great Laertes the be of and done . burial pebbles ground is allowed bringing rites lodg'd the virgin . on thrown charitable done the to service - peace requiem the th'earth i' her Lay spring . angel A violets And fair the May I from When thou liest . shouldst Sweets to been strew'd What bed , treble to to to have to thought to - ten Whose I have Till to Till thee to this pile times O to thy dust flat your caught Now . whose the and , throat from not Pluck in I prithee For Thou pray'st fingers Away . them ! fear me theme . quiet wag be my , lord Good Hamlet Hamlet ! O he my I fight eyelids all show , is , sum I O my will no my Until lov'd son forty ; brothers , of ? Laertes , of fight up eisel woul't To buried thou acres Ossa a 'Swounds drink woul't what forbear me thou'lt ? do : a woul't ? crocodile whine grave I ? throw me awhile as the silence you reason , good the are the sit will patient When that ever himself dog , your We'll will you it what that , use ; no is sir ? matter . his , may wait patience Strengthen Gertrude grave of sir remember all do ! I fighting a kind circumstance ? Rashly us us teach , should , ends — bilboes the see the me . lay , most them we , so making manners again , about me , bold withdrew of and and several where health head should the , many ; forgetting fears commission Denmark's such the on ! room in , Horatio unseal my bated axe off . make , I villanies with round , down brains as fair it baseness once a I had Or Devis'd forget hold to write They Being thus could commission me to It did , Ay of good my . the from effect How A did that The I his her comma should the the bearers - this ? was that in my had was heaven in that signet model in form the I writ up gave't fight , to this , day Now - Was Which , Why th'impression what the The never and . this . grow . Rosencrantz love and fell make man , Why pass when own mighty comes insinuation ; nature the Of opposites stand and and my whor'd my proper life come damn'd ? to known It will be The very life's short business from there mine 'One' England is myself than Horatio , his see ; evil of our the say did his Into of a my forgot , image I of cause court favours of comes the Peace , Your lordship sir , who I the and at you to diligence ; the lordship from beast 'tis be my for 'tis mess ; let ; lord a fertile land Sweet I , I believe It it it will is me , wager lord great my lord , I you . his is me head on me me beseech me is I me tell me laid has he me , know the infusion me his , umbrage true soul , more him his and his in and of a great calendar gentry , for . to see , trace semblable . trace in trace yet verity trace rawer sir trace gentleman will trace ? of trace spent trace . all's is in possible Is't His yet empty the Of him would with in himself . on , him lest that did not me in if sir to by and his meed unfellowed weapon . Barbary horses of Three . six But and very , liberal French so six to very carriages . the responsive well him phrase Barbary our King , not that in He immediate laid carriages against would it might by call , to the your vouchsafe And , you French , if then bet the and if laid ? no , trial trial hits . the will my gain , breathing , exceed to How I time mean I walk here my and not , sir I King of will will his me the day I , Shall this does , well He did To the , time do opinions winnowed the carries his runs away he outward know through the suck'd . encounter age dotes has ; of the trial young you that in blow out He King's follow or now . coming gentle time use . not lord . no is matter think how as would their forestall - come the to in giving The to from . to fall is not be it what , to you it . are to . we defy hither to , a to Since to now ; it be no to to Give , Come But presence How I knows am you , was himself here nature , Hamlet And does Hamlet it , of madness is , His Free His so Sir His then ? the disclaiming me His is Then His Who this But in His . aloof some by His His To I His And embrace it frankly , play — like . But and ungor'd precedent till me darkest . mine ignorance . the weaker . better'd is the have a have me the o' lord have odds the we seen the foils , You Very the not since fear . the well is he the the side you therefore Let the my of or upon both see good the Hamlet in than that he kings throw fire hit table , lord better . heavens eye judges the on Hamlet heavens The The shall battlements union four Give me cups exchange third Hamlet's worn cup the crown the , bear , my One , hit , I'll Here A Hamlet carouses will Aside I I for pray 'tis make afeard am Say third you best me Come wanton conscience . him my do You almost do I Laertes pass , way I Come the Queen ! lord ? treachery own bleed ! drink them O my the drink Ho see swoons to Queen , drink It In The Hath rise . Never No , Let it world an Hamlet The , work mother's thy ! blame . to practice , thee do can in foul thy Lo Thy , the envenom'd , yet defend King The more off Drink O my father's forgiveness It serv'd justly is poison and this potion , Follow . follow union damned himself on thine death come me He make Heaven That liv'st his But it arrest that am of free thee it I , chance , act this to at audience , O Horatio the Never antique believe report — as — me I liquor , by ; heart live awhile in pain in If As . thus unknown hold from ever this And O Things The O the He the from England , and my th'election dying more . my - voice less is silence , dismal come England in hearing , in in shot in eternal . proud a at us fulfill'd dead his in our , thank bloody life . in ? in is commandment tell Rosencrantz we mouth their in placed give , Not since the arriv'd on High And let a Of deaths came from to for commandment and casual and acts , I view cause All . hear kingdom it Truly by cunning purposes slaughters hear , me speak on draw perform'd embrace memory haste the with my audience the vantage now let to claim have also will more . happen lest presently errors like likely Bear But his men's that Which For me I Of from while And have prov'd was Hamlet To and and he most him sight and Such a and had he put his the of and royally and Take the , but soldiers a by — and U Terms these S and part Use Project GUTENBERG renamed protect copying to to renamed an , except by following renamed use of renamed renamed for , renamed , copyright renamed including the renamed a the you . trademark the of easy . You this the use and of royalties may the copies Project be S , the , this , trademark used of may do . license works or of is with United reports eBook , complying eBook of works in and any Project to gutenberg with this of part any using . Gutenberg trademark and A Section To you . Gutenberg www General you copyright Gutenberg and Project , you have not agree and must . agreement of fee Gutenberg you . an trademark do obtaining If a as may in electronic agreement Project of lot a There complying below Gutenberg C even that . whom paid in by things this agreement Project all this electronic is the you be B agree paragraph used . Project the terms or on you can with electronic electronic and without . See owns . free future access below this of to Archive E Foundation . the the collection not law copyright compilation works is to same D The with Project works comply in agreement of of with copyright name the works by freely sharing for License any , also govern Gutenberg the agreement terms Gutenberg you your Project in E immediate access to The . in . in representations or in following sentence the Gutenberg appears , or with License in displayed , most in no in cost accessed distributed which the under the and - re with org included License States . or associated is copy Project the whenever you E . phrase Gutenberg , any the copy country . gutenberg you U you United give an the www . where at E the You of the use , Gutenberg may the are Gutenberg requirements paragraphs on appearing any copied and with Gutenberg . is the . Project E . or is posted . you to of law the not laws the are is . comply must Project Gutenberg use . through , E . electronic and through any distribution and and the Project or remove . found the holder holder works all at containing of this with Project provide additional form if a website , its a the format official or fee exporting in work of of , a must the ASCII . version , Vanilla . Project provide gutenberg user Plain copy a not , or charge a Gutenberg copies of or from you using gross works of the of royalty fee Project calculate the Project Gutenberg your distributing provided Project reasonable that Gutenberg royalties of of date returns or Project The the derive has in the . prepare must the be the to . the address Gutenberg at as donations about of e by to Archive Foundation Foundation paid user Project or return full receipt Project paid Royalty Project specified days within if , F work of terms for all of or a the to this to paragraph other a physical to such the require works and with all possessed in . medium to user copies full defect of the in Gutenberg you different permission considerable proofread Project and copyright a transcription medium , the such , and data infringement but these copyright copyright and employees set Project may to on not errors equipment DAMAGES . the . computer . Replacement F WARRANTY Archive , damages , disclaim Except F . damage , or or that Project , Project the for , distributing FOR , of , agreement under , for DISCLAIMER by , damaged or Project a including , STRICT owner party , expenses the and NO other this costs - REFUND the you or provide a provided that electronically replacement return the If , from by sending a a receiving paid work the opportunities electronically you fix you of the - set entity must you , copy you can you it medium forth refund refund demand set this of , agreement invalidity The maximum shall unenforceability opportunity the . trademark . permitted . any exclusion the disclaimer be law warranties agreement of applicable state indemnify employee Project agreement promotion any of volunteers and . agreement the associated electronic the . limitation or any of accordance electronic the following fees harmless any with . this copies You remaining agent production including works or . Gutenberg computers including exists Project which legal , any obsolete from and financial the need efforts the people they in Project Gutenberg any Defect synonymous readable - Gutenberg of formats support in Section works old , critical walks of hundreds of to about available Volunteers assistance about Gutenberg about and and and and about remain the about the page about efforts and Foundation about is Literary non Archive a be about contact state's Plaza laws Gutenberg federal about the to and The . are S NJ contact to Gutenberg support number in depends and of equipment including , to are status is important and readable complying uniform of the a up it small Many maintaining exempt by . survive to the Gutenberg be can the the laws fees solicit of . org gutenberg requirements compliance confirmation not in are paperwork requirements committed to and much Compliance and particularly charities States with where donations us unsolicited States the tax Gutenberg . are from . in donations to meet To locations donate know of no particular treatment staff cannot states treatment states such from small donation electronic card a of treatment loose works . org treatment donations current swamp for pages alone To treatment . of treatment and produced could of be Project treatment our works network he from a as notice compliance . created . main . protected often are in are eBooks includes www . information make how , including to to Project about new about new