? Stand unfold King the Long Nay Who's . 'Tis struck twelve most had carefully . He . stirring , make and night haste them good Horatio bid Marcellus watch do Well mouse quiet . Stand ? Who . who you soldier hath , liegemen Give good has O , farewell , And I think hear . you ! is of piece A what , you . Give . place honest nothing Say him , appear'd thing this Horatio Welcome , seen good I have tonight come entreated , 'tis us watch sight him this to along us take again I let not dreaded to , Tush , assail against down . our apparition appear story seen again nights 'twill your . from that beating Marcellus of myself — pole , figure Peace , In not scholar the the like Looks What sometimes night of form . buried warlike charge I . speak usurp'st fair majesty the speak will You tremble ! 'Tis ! speak away ! it I ! Stay ! and not this ! not . than answer look fantasy : art had true eyes ! avouch , What ! on't might thyself he an angry on combated the on in when sledded he once Such Is Of the God believe , hour . our . by armour Norway gone and he I opinion . he not watch knows , me eruption and gross down impress why same , bodes jump work to war haste ; can At Does , Why And So Why foreign not such as prick'd know in ; Fortinbras ratified Thereto to Dar'd Was , least the For forfeit , his King inheritance , moiety competent return'd the which ; the carriage And Of he Which slay Did so Had he stood a his , him all , who known by law life , of Well by Did with the To Now hot , by unto resolutes enterprise , other chief watch main doth recover terms it well appear And of but portentous rummage . so like the King so land the in and preparations it , figure these this watch of other our that sort it e'en trouble is most the fell eye , head our haste Comes this think was stood and in whose gibber Julius of and tenantless squeak stars As , and heaven sun sound , it and Have But thou ! any hast there to may happily , country's . to . to , and use of , demonstrated together earth behold though soft , thee me thing good Speak to which For to Speak , Extorted Which Or , thou to be thy foreknowing thy oft to speak it ! the to hast privy speak in , womb of my stand not with to and earth if to of say treasure they to it , here here 'Tis ! Marcellus , mockery invulnerable of to was about our And The wrong the the it For do We offer is in To Whether with Awake Doth his day of is erring in at air throat warning herein , that singeth , then no then his object birth say heard , yon high . to charm believe is witch so hallow'd So look Let young So Unto impart up dew us Hamlet the and Walks o'er I This As you watch The nights are , fairy But nor in and Let's do't know duty conveniently most , find , acquaint ; to our him , Cornelius Laertes befitted shall I loves this nature with our woe him . of remembrance with bear Therefore with hath in one , dear whole Voltemand , be our Taken this In equal ; wisdoms weak supposal which all young thanks of worth , marriage in eye , joy defeated warlike this state a , gone herein our freely and nor weighing , Your better wife , with not by state hath thinking Holding a his most for this gait His further Of Out of his , bed in that to , is uncle ; full subject Cornelius Who To ourself and . with valiant much Norway herein his , rid time of levies we have meeting your show will and In that , the What to . you Dane beg asking , the thou the is't reason news things it doubt what's ; and all , We us told what's You And You Laertes , speak be not what's instrumental native What not shall what's and leave whence what's Than what's thoughts wishes confess duty throne what's thou . is your what's is The That What to head to Your From Yet And to must and to them that show now you to your father's bend and says toward your to wrung petition will my lord laboursome to My to I to . consent slow ? seal'd last my at seal'd seal'd , seal'd seal'd — kind seal'd seal'd the that seal'd die Denmark , sun . lives all , through madam Seek Ay common , thy common with know , dust , man These , of river solemn I ? is inky , of , mother . passeth haviour suspiration particular so it alone No give but But But That you must and the denote sweet For These 'Tis To in within a indeed seem , play Hamlet ; lost your , woe father a term grief unmanly for filial unfortified simple and and our vulgar be know we what For Take . against dead , must most thing . incorrect , heaven impatient to sense , to opposition common , Fie Why . any . fault 'tis a whose fault to and died and our For toward dearest and no that And are must be most and we in fault still today us hath and theme throw you that till pray and the to bears of and and and 'This which to back cheer lose ; all my shall I Why not thy the going you most courtier mother Be This smiling jocund the tell whereof shall again heaven Sits And O thunder the . into dew shall to speaking the His canon How Fie No the that Re this and Everlasting not a flesh had solid would ! world ! unweeded and of gross to garden ! so 'tis ! uses an was of a within she . the winds and on so , nature this to to mother not this so in so two my earth ! so : so so heaven month were so thy , or , all longer brother father's Than Ere yet I so God O what — it ? Why , would of — ere yet ; followed beast — galled most wicked a month — eyes , speed , father sheets — of Within with she — of mine — well you forget — myself to glad your lordship do am Hail to , for my And , Horatio The , what same name My make my . my , Sir : you Horatio ? from change that Marcellus faith in glad what I I , Against yourself make I would you of you is my do truster it But you I are that own no ? depart follow'd my , not mock your funeral . ere you deep mother's it to see , I father my him I methinks that dearest the forth met had saw take he my I ever Would In my I , lord eye think Saw look I was deliver . your to these may while My , lord ? watch gentlemen on let together Two Marcellus before oppress'd his Armed Appears at stately by fear them - like their hear middle of these Barnardo had me and the thus . exactly point slow and them Almost In them had the third , deliver'd with ; whilst they him act night word I and secrecy knew the comes as they , apparition thing These upon you My it to , none head up lifted to , strange crew would did address , true 'tis duty ; our from in cock shrunk sight loud away . lord . our down , very my you , let think , it sirs , top head to foot ? my , toe . from , lord , BARNARDO . or sorrow red What O yes , lord look'd more Nay very , upon you eyes in ? pale . eyes there you eyes Stay'd . eyes . eyes a hundred eyes . eyes tell eyes ? in no . his , again should will itself pray you father's this still ; tonight hell , I you have it to hold my hitherto tenable be it If me warrant it I And speak And requite I'll duty play father's as to platform else 'twixt visit it , Our I Though all then some spirit earth benefit Farewell them : embark'd as me ? you sister is My , And and Do For in The , not Hold the suppliance more Forward fashion youth permanent and No but No violet A it Hamlet perfume no crescent Think . more as of service Grows In and more . grow does this temple you besmirch , depends choice of which he no act Denmark so in head not weigh'd virtue His He Carve For for may and must voice . your Unto and may honour list . songs goes is it , open treasure , dear ; spring strokes the of of is the 'scapes If The of Virtue she itself buttons liquid are though none dew disclos'd imminent keep . treads . comes . with shame . sail . you . thy in thoughts his thy Give precepts thought , hast unproportion'd . but , soul , hatch'd by no , voice few ear that each them thou beware may , thy but as habit , judgement . gaudy . thy but , the oft apparel in they For Costly Take each not Give every man thine censure reserve can : fancy ; proclaims nor generous best rich and itself both the blessing take and remember said , Farewell time I ; invites do you Ophelia 'Tis . key the . of ? you to touching hath me 'Tis , something said Lord . you me tell honour must put and and on bounteous yourself of . and 'tis understand private daughter And daughter As hath daughter What not of way in You daughter that He daughter between behoves my ? me . daughter me like speak Give , up made many daughter , tenders daughter a circumstance as , my you I'll sterling ta'en , Which Or Ay Running , My it to these ; tenders me tender of a fashion the — crack thus , importun'd hath honourable it heaven , prodigal . vows , the soul time presence is he may Ophelia , suits pious which vows given his believe be with not their light for as take higher For Lord . maiden forth time this , bawds show . leisure any talk charge shall . ways . Lord the from . come my . with . eager an What is not spirit and mean the tonight and his takes and trumpet of draughts of . his lord wont . it it ? Wherein I heard the this , doth King The Keeps Is mind the , though , it than revel other with and , tax'd and drunkards observance the and addition achievements , of attribute in ; is't in heavy More honour'd This And So headed chances marrow pith their some in , cannot their and From The Being , as his ministers of heaven evil doubt ! us goblin of ! damn'd wicked grace defend , from , shape Hamlet , in sepulchre death , call . ignorance the may this tell , inurn'd saw bones , hearsed , jaws in the complete marble ponderous again his , to beyond thoughts Revisit'st thou That , hideous horridly is beckons Say some with you if To you what a courteous go then will be at fear it . with with to more action do , speak not Do , a tempt it immortal What immortal immortal It waves Being not my immortal I for immortal immortal That And there deprive might more so roar immortal follow immortal my , lord go Nemean shall off I call'd cries each as this me him away ! a petty fate heaven He make Go desperate imagination to . thus thee come . lets follow him obey , gentlemen state it will this follow . of . with ; 'tis what will is let's Whither Heaven When almost render up . serious hear thou . nature , walk spirit hear bound when What ? certain day the for Doom'd And Are Till the purg'd crimes and Would Make burnt the foul thy eyes secrets I could a But the blood and flesh Like thou ever Thy and must ! thy God unnatural ! ears my thoughts as . the that strange know't or fat revenge thee find duller May , I shouldst thou apt , I in and wings swift . it best love , of than on Now sleeping ; me given rots itself Wouldst . father's youth , weed . hear wharf the Lethe , my wears that but know , my whole in that so this . forged orchard death my crown ! Mine there dignity decline of off falling love in - to , with his have with was most seeming ; the that , wit and to was virtuous . traitorous shameful queen , vow hand gifts were will , within . a on the of . I to it as radiant in My soft Though To mine I O That From . those a made hand natural even and marriage in a it , a the orchard link'd heaven never bed angel be mov'd , body courses with quicksilver The And That as hebenon hour scent prey garbage it and sudden eager . tetter instant with , a And and in leperous enmity secure with I crown , at my sin hand , dispatch'd once unanel'd in even And natural most wholesome like blood So did through , posset it ! it head ; brother's . loathsome about and a account blossoms sent . not Denmark of thee ! my , my act horrible be . bear bed and pursu'st nor ; damned , With all my heaven soul incest heart ? old my else ; seat , What . once , thy contrive lodge be well leave that . sting mother thy - 'gins , her in her thee me . thee memory while globe the distracted this Yea wipe poor me I And And couple But , All Unmix'd O My one At I am it is pernicious . matter most villain Meet , sure there may tables 'Adieu uncle , you , to so Denmark . me . word be are down villain a villain ! secure Within Within Within Illo Hillo Lord . ho Lord Lord is't noble ! Lord ho How What Lord Lord Lord , ho Lord , wonderful , it , it Denmark : all point and , part , lord desire poor heartily , you words Yes , heartily ; my , whirling , own shall business shake desire and — and for offend offence . lord . here tell us tonight . not will We poor lord , but . I swear't will MARCELLUS you my , what . lord my my lord in indeed , the so on , sayst hear the ha Come upon under , you , Consent this thou speak Swear ? ubique Come hither Then you in . have seen . my upon shift Swear . our again this Beneath to Never Well said , pioner and as of in And before in never a so philosophy stranger . welcome come , mercy so friends , work remove Once That strange old mole ! earth help give wondrous it seeing , of or speak' , 'We be times an hereafter is this your more Than How are things me , on meet So not Swear at such by you we That , 'If So Rest rest Beneath . most your help to , gentlemen , And still , May willing shall I him Give this and money , visit come , Reynaldo Reynaldo , keep , inquiry . you sir Paris in . and ; first , this What , Enquire well , how and company they and And thus Than and — his knowledge father say , of it more and and well , and rank most heed and none usual companions forgeries , But and part if't mean 'And mean Ay mean , mean drinking such you and be but so dishonour mean As or , mean Quarrelling mean My not open to on him , mean far , quaintly liberty a taints his incontinency season dishonour the ; of breathe scandal it another , assault of would that may charge so ; mind . the in unreclaimed fiery outbreak may my That not laying soil'd And You 'twere Wherefore should I do you my ? my a it my lord lord , on th' , working . this so or youth party 'Good , sir Having converse Mark , believe Marry these is , sir He He then Very good Of As The man — 'gentleman . ' ? gentleman , say , so leave ? not . yourself . Farewell Well let his Good you , lord ply I my , my shall my lord . what's the matter ? my affrighted so my my my my my My With Lord Ungart'red took He And At As with Mad thy thus such draw a . shaking piteous seem to , bulk profound he stay'd of all o'er my mine held me his arm brow ; hard of Long to it is me This And He end What , That No , does Whose leads I I not I meant had known discretion it is . hide , Our need The Hamlet's transformation sending Welcome Of than being so th'understanding death I brought him , heard . Something nor , the to see you you did provoke should What call put it days rest and to glean thus court . adheres time within afflicts him , humour our in here by pleasures may gather , good awhile our remembrance profit of will will are talk'd shall your Both fits the to more you into the at up our We give Put , Might here Thanks , Guildenstern And I Thanks And lay To Heavens bring make Pleasant Norway joyfully . my , the hast Thou I been as , my hold you my my this I Assure God — and duty trail the , to still my Have first shall Give be do grace , cause us'd not hath As do Hamlet's lunacy hear to feast . found he distemper hath , our from levies 'gainst which sent and suppress ; Polack . uncle against your brief never his borne Highness , hand sickness ; On Highness Makes th'assay from , age ; he , preparation Highness Highness Fortinbras against nephew's His Highness Highness And So him Highness so Was Receives of arms which give old Norway , Highness overcome in Highness employ those further to this enterprise time we'll ; down . read took - expostulate . is time time night night and , night madam night your well night feast . together : night labour we'll night well , is Your for to it since limbs night let night More night But brief will call What That he And day Why I matter that nothing go art else Madam pity farewell Mad But mad , is we find us let rather Or this remains a Who given celestial an phrase : to you , the ; phrase idol Now the obedience gather most 'beautified' is . a . fire be Adieu , have reckon to him believe to , art it ear means , and place , given time to , you of you think faithful might the , wing fain I had ? this a the desk , a young think upon heart winking out from my make her . might here , play'd herself , a short — gave bespeak thy precepts no into this raves , a into he a of receive fruits Do Into be to a watch , no Fell , otherwise ''Tis so know I it , were , be together indeed me be At Be you he behind reason for carters . Away But Let Mark from no not his an assistant poor sadly try will the good give me a . wretch . We my Lord . a lord fishmonger . honest my man my my my not my blessing a Friend my Aside ? that my And at my first I'll speak not gone me this say How not . have walk th' . much do you read . He my , the mean What . weak believe beards ; you yourself , potently - that , Aside Will sir , plum most gum For faces are not old go . How . him my of hits . there out out happiness so that replies could , from will take my me my my that , take I . and leave will I that o' is ! not A the , are often most be prosperously , sir means . he , to . is Ah ? Guildenstern , very not over ? we , in not are Nor my lord , Neither the are soles waist of ? Faith privates she . Let strumpet question hands more . not me the a you , sends my your What have lord . Denmark's one Prison that to friends is dungeons bad . good . is there , wards prison one . prison a have narrow is , bad mind lord . for your myself of one a not shadow itself the a dream so shadow's space infinite ambition dreams Which indeed ambitious in it is bounded could , be that ; but and by ? court a . light shadow quality and we . an ROSENCRANTZ to shadow and a is for at my rest most make , of you will speak such beggars' Truly are our . bodies , fay I my . For , servants attended ? other no . dreadfully , the it , in way the to in visit I it own even should . nay ? not have for speak . my free . you And not , sent of our of obligation have there craft ; is . were , a better proposer sent whether , me , by you say , you me , you What , we . off sent . of for , rights the you , love prevent feather I have your air roof than look goes Queen me fretted it and know indeed earth the work express foul a how like the beauty reason congregation what : me , a woman in custom action admirable noble yet seem to say man is moving , me And how ; brave my , mirth my you a sterile ; it , o'erhanging of how in said in , not We . from 'Man delights not thoughts man them delight they are then when stuff welcome , to service use his — in , nor . my way shall what entertainment tribute have in , Lenten ; target the his you on sigh that the king make say What such take mind whose shall adventurous gratis , was Their by I Even you were her in residence better means ways the the was in the — reputation tragedians . city of both and , there the now pace followed but on These . that many of ? thither ? call are Do , so they ; out wonted the in keeps , most berattle they pursue they no longer no exclaim should succession is not escoted — better been their rapiers aerie children and , if , afterwards so most for argument sin much there O ? load too carry lord they very , Ay , mouths make is is at him while my uncle . Do that something , not do apiece more ducats this players the out his my King of Denmark is natural , if give , lived father it a fifty there to Elsinore Your . players like When , I southerly . That ear is lord . gentlemen each you is there you see the them twice come ; child a to not too , for they swaddling , so . 'twas Mark it tell come a , prophesy comes baby will lord , Roscius you indeed — his . on , Rome in buzz my . pastoral pastoral heavy . nor scene for a Israel , Jephthah either O either pastoral The either law either fair which either What either daughter and no ' Jephthah old . either . he either had , my treasure hadst , more , passing 'One he The , treasure not , my , that I , my . Jephthah follows will , pious the row It What , love ? was . For more . it God taste a thee , heard see you and masters thou my , friends welcome , By'r O beard be altitude lady by once speak me . We'll speech , speech straight to't , a What was in , were matter there scenes But cried the no but , of . in all welcome not Come , give it but lord my passionate speech . if million others excellent an , acted lines in with received remember down set — I it for general such . one said no the , nor handsome tale it did the Hath When Black It , memory is this Priam's me Dido horse , dismal gules , he lend With now lay couched and , dread this his rugged he fathers mothers streets , complexion to trick'd light and seeks the coagulate Head . in : he the sable Pyrrhus with resemble ominous arms good accent proceed grandsire o'ersized more Now heraldry is of Bak'd 'Fore Rebellious short arm Repugnant finds lies command in Unequal match'd strikes it falls rage . damned in you with him His antique . hellish Pyrrhus sword spoken carbuncles Greeks he , like So my . to Which at to Striking too feel base this . his Pyrrhus' falls where , wide his . drives whiff prisoner Stoops Seeming with . Takes Priam , declining ear the a , lo . father reverend and . And , a as silence The As rend the so as hush Doth So Of bold And On Out winds death region the neutral tyrant his below , stood stand still , the - you , dreadful orb fall pause gods wheel hill , long fiends fellies and as too the nave spokes the down on than never remorse thou general bowl low from away falls Now With synod — he Prithee on or sleeps . say mobled 'Mobled , threat'ning ? queen' ; This Say Hecuba beard of . the that for and have venom — up good flames steep'd sport limbs them his that her Pyrrhus saw made have Unless The In When About With But A this 'Gainst instant she the if mortal move not eyes gods , more and has tears than epitaph bestowed . have report will death the for where has you well I players speak out abstracts better were they thee the live to own after better much should 'scape man , well and brief the chronicles . is your , them merit you hear every . tomorrow of play a in and in . sirs more the , Use friend . sixteen or you a need my lines Ay him me , We'll , tomorrow I old thou We'll ha't well not You would ? and my set down , till , so , But it God and Rosencrantz Follow are my . in all her a in That from in to his his ye slave here wan'd ! speech free horrid passion appal with in's for aspect ? Hecuba and his own suiting conceit his to , stage tears indeed unpregnant , No and and and , muddy He him Hecuba should have ? the the dull and nothing defeat A Plucks Like Make Upon me villain dreams ears . amaze - A I To liver'd lungs - slave's should by calls as am and beard my deep 'Swounds , to the With Remorseless Why what my unpack dear father , Oh offal . lecherous brave with drab ! Foh my scullion a ! But have take it : or and lack gall ! most murder'd , ere this ! very a by , hell , heard have a upon't Fie , creatures the the murder my father . have their scene heaven ! I son the Prompted cunning That revenge to cunning whore a like , Must cunning And cunning is cunning and , and , devil pleasing my cunning spirits , my with shape devil damn cunning conscience . of the King the play's The cunning . the power have grounds melancholy hath seen I he observe the a of course my know Play mine uncle . I'll weakness T'assume I he Abuses be More Wherein no on this confusion quiet days all harshly With Grating I'll relative than this from confess we When But Nor we on him bring Of true . confession disposition demands our , told , order already Of him me it hear and hear heart ; To him my And This as And there of it to To beseech'd he With all your true drive Sweet gentlemen 'Tis ; further lord for on so and him give leave , 'twere he frankly seeing lawful is judge unseen , behav'd , th'affliction of he that closely For If't gather bestow ourselves encounter him , shall be the your , suffers you obey for love . I do cause . wonted , for Hamlet's Madam , And Of wildness virtues your your please exercise , so . your ourselves bestow , your you we that to may your in Ophelia . much your your Is smart Aside lash cheek Than your 'Tis not harlot's We hear I not nobler of a , that mind — to question sleep troubles suffer , to slings Whether Or by opposing end and - ache , a a burden coming him To be The to arms them take heart That , or ? by against and we give the the , love dispriz'd proud off us The That pause dream . to thousand , dreams coil , fardels the the and long there's the death man's law's make his would something dread ? of the these after oppressor's . calamity bear of insolence sweat weary the Who country , that native does traveller To With grunt bodkin he When bare fly others returns rather bear whose puzzles those the a , all moment , lord ? thy . for many remember'd you Soft . now in orisons turn , well , you Good pith great of action of enterprises And lose That lord not you My humbly Be all , you As pray longed remembrances of well . receive long have yours deliver them did breath well . I aught ; rich for , never , you mind . for for , noble for lost , for no better have beauty . for your , honesty for my lordship ? of for , lord it to a the than ; bawd for what Ay honest , fair your your means What , his , relish . can but virtue cannot made gives old I things sinners of , such . so deceived be accuse . shape than , between and act to have to am do of not , in them put We to were ? thoughts that better home he may own , should knaves upon believe your play . Farewell ! earth thy ? none my , him I'll , ice as dost marry as farewell thee you that house sweet the crawling Go but , Where's . doors be help give heavens thou monsters Or , as O If chaste go men have and and , for face ; wise : and O of ; O , what The The and , a soldier's observers and rose fashion the of , ladies scholar's have I'll the to , courtier's Th'expectancy glass Th'observ'd , noble I Like That Blasted seen His Love what not spake what unmatch'd that noble jangled form T'have Was And Nor O'er , melancholy the danger his in he our quick which hatch have down be ? madness affections have I which do sits something lack'd doubt : objects variable demand beating settled himself fashion Whereon it the the , I I and to with determination neglected prevent disclose England to tribute heart different speed on't him alone lord us tell My , after , play grief his of How do all fit what . not all queen But It Sprung You hold neglected love mother To Let We Of wisdom shall please , grief and well do from The need To heard ; you ; let so ; show in It If , him ear , the send ; their plac'd be or be ; if ; I crier mouth pray - thus may - pated , the do , had , very acquire the , who to torrent ; air saw your pronounced I , as lines . unwatch'd as many do not you too shows . to as I passion groundlings avoid but as of fellow , offends a in It and as as . whipped as . the . as honour the word your own of the and to you from is , action that was virtue show and overdone to Be out the most I too own is purpose of nature mirror and cannot , Now , up , as , whose with at the nature the that players to speak — Christians gait have in , action discretion . special age allowance overdone this image laugh unskilful the , nor man having of others and , to hold form feature , o'erweigh thought play judicious tardy off Christian it some , theatre which , and have reform'd And some . those so indifferently meantime the to we profanely set in How in , set than altogether for down fool is laugh more hope I . that O themselves reform . to be , though , ho We ROSENCRANTZ help hasten , man , art as e'er , Horatio , Will , As my , advancement hast , and To Here , I flatter , knee the , I may revenue , thrift And feed , For Nay no the the may could thee Fortune's . buffets suffers been nothing man , finger , this Fortune's . too heart wear - and , fawning follow was distinguish mistress her of please are judgement that with , man blood ay . tonight play it comes the act thy near , that my see'st thee when not a passion's what ta'en and co mingled , soul . heart of Give me that . father's - guilt seen one his of speech Something very uncle damned ghost unkennel the thou comment my stithy eyes In And I mine Well steal As he For censure of him heedful have foul note face whilst playing , whilst eat , Queen whilst place the 'scape coming How whilst , whilst march Excellent I whilst nothing whilst flourish . a whilst Get you others , Ophelia , air . lord you play'd once . I the mine are not capons Hamlet : of the chameleon's To th'university my , That answer words , this with nor enact What , I I , lord Caesar . I was him Julius a part , brute was mother . King O ! do your lord my , dear here's , lord upon lap ? legs maids' . lord ? my be my for I'll have . lord my ? But yet a else my , 'For my he O . a my not Then my for suffer my my within's O and shall life not and his ; whose , hobby build - Queen and head kisses gifts the action The , upon her three , returns is mallecho ? away the Anon him Lays in . poison pours King , it four The loth dead . with , this miching this mischief the counsel that you play keep players they'll to ashamed . play ? ring . hands our borrow'd Phoebus' As cart ground did love former of been thirties round gone orbed sheen Tellus' and moons and most ere though I quantity . it holds made , love what But , me and , sick state distrust so are my fear aught siz'd the , proof , great great and do too . know fear love , functions husband For belov'd live operant I my is . love Where little fears great , and extremity in hath grows breast world as first . kind — one shortly shalt and in Such My , base Are None in accurst . love . tree now oft validity . to be , but husband time respects instances kill but , second marriage of , on : what you memory slave they that to fruit like unripe , but is To The passion unshaken what do believe do we Purpose Of what 'tis Where The Their What most joy world our question aye with friends makes , left should for grieves joy lose purpose grief themselves doth ; you , of either enactures revels , Grief to . love flies fortune change , to 'tis slender most our favourite enemies : tend lack his where overthrown our of contrary , thy think are ours their ends own . me food To earth repose me and desperation to die Sport , be hope heaven is night in turn Each what opposite anchor's our That and still second are thy first nor my of joy , light , day no wilt the scope face prison my and that , a . sleep . methinks word . twain keep but protests too lady The Have heard , the in Marry the done The the see shall murder and the anon , majesty This You the the It the you cost Still the would nephew to i' wholesome On natural written Thou , else no fit collected seeing ; property , and usurp . wife His estate for's murderer gets What me some . Away , lights let , The All light . Give ; play sleep of with away two my the roses players here reigns pajock — might , himself thou , turn this not shoes fortunes me with I'll O Of Jove , now dismantled , one know dost , O and , rhymed have ghost's take perceive ? my of lord the Very well music , comedy , you with . him ? a a , music some , belike lord , what rather richer to his more would and . my sir , great Queen mother lord my you ; if please good , I return . cannot ? But My , as you say say and into , mother But admiration is ere . mother times with heels , obey shall My , did us . bar the surely You ? love with ten you in mother's ? to advancement the ? Denmark — something for proverb King himself your distemper griefs the you me be understand . play love is too ? pipe this finger your with it But eloquent give 'Tis easy as know I these , breath : lying cannot how to music seem any ; my , to me ; be My see me pipe it from pluck ! the out You me to the of top little though am will , excellent voice , in I . me think presently , you speak would cloud like weasel a whale a like of . a is weasel by — and like is shape camel indeed ? like Or — so by They fool me by and , will I . Leave witching and hell time said by drink I of itself Soft , hypocrites use . none ; be but this ; as , let my : firm bosom this not unnatural be endure . prepare with you dispatch doth estate provide religious his us holy keep To Most single strength and and and those and . hourly grow is falls . with ruin annexment , you will I speedy , Never but ten It like . many not The lives . spokes adjoin'd ; of boist'rous , you Did Which haste us closet fear upon to a . pray goes too will and mother's it , mother , bed liege , heaven — as as bound blood as sweet ? force . as as as of me ? but this come to fall as we But Forgive and I as ambition since am possess'd — retain , still pardon'd may ? turn be . past being is fault Can Buys Offence's In , pardon'd my own shove the 'tis justice itself of seen hand the effects for by world action prize this queen ? crown There his no gilded be . there ourselves our ? one What then of the not . O bosom when What wicked so faults rests not cannot ? above What it ? death can free be black , steel babe struggling , sinews soul repentance can with as repent of . and this is I'll A I All reveng'd That , and for that he would do my pat it hire father do't I am Now now villain his And might do father crimes in To , is , sword his audit knows heaven bread not , as , salary full is . heaven all , took heavy my , this , as save , No , passage his for thou kick heels of or his rage bed , of hent , thought then reveng'd season'd know asleep and his in a some of or his about relish swearing pleasure ; and Up When That gaming Then This words fly up advances remain you been straight And will heat Much He and his him you come Grace hath and e'en . mother . not matter ? tongue a with offended offended tongue ? wife so . mother . that You brother's part not ! slain , ho Dead How Behind . O I what , and Almost and kill kill what O O Polonius a a A As a a a As thy heart a of too Take intruding word my , fool some . busy a be 'twas a hands is a virtue fair from a sets From blister dicers' . there , Heaven's sweet an innocent a plucks , the doth religion face compound at act the , Is loud visage as , against makes O contraction act the . thunders words soul and sick what on on of presentment grace the the a and god combination world the give Look , step , And , Else , And day upon from cannot batten Would , or serve But not some ecstacy reserv'd such to you Is Nor it apoplex'd sense , for a Could cozen'd hath thus That Thou And compulsive in canst not there As sweat but I frost These Stew'd Over murderer and a twentieth not O words more That A cutpurse more No A heavenly Of And from king of shreds . patches gracious he's visitation purpose This but he's Alas time lets figure he's , he's he's he's , sits . he's ? son wildly hold eye in gentle distemper excrements look of O in , vacancy do spirits life flame , stones , you what tears whom effects with capable piteous Do you patience and end you the Upon To you you Nor did you you you but nothing , you you ! even you now out his very you goes you you ? hear . it he madness , speaks your love will utter'd My And That And Whilst , Confess , that your gambol but skin flattering and make Repent do ranker the . itself them past fatness Yea hast of , it do cleft with But the the live away a Assume And . virtue , worser not if who is , go to you all angel a on . or and , more easy , this fair actions custom to And To That habits use shall put a gives likewise Of For And With desirous desirous desirous death bad One more , desirous , desirous desirous by What , desirous bid . fingers , reechy kisses sober sense ? of basket queen a but concernings the , No To thou breath I Be And They trust letters thou And , life , to no made work go hard enginer sweep — adders . it will to , two line me packing crafts the Indeed this room . they my the mines sweet neighbour O own 'tis me one and below the the as have knavery . Let shall , you prating knave an , most guts the night . draw to in good , directly most set one in I'll , most sir Good must There's You Ah , Bestow my Mad , a something lawless stir rat In when does ? what a have Hamlet while little , 'A man old rat ! his fit , us . yourself His hearing It Behind Which hearing hearing It have be with And rapier so hearing Alas Should hearing hearing hearing The hearing We To This But on Even mad young not the it would apart his Among O'er whom the a itself Shows To sun Both The O him hence our some further , with hath join and We must no we countenance pure . He come Polonius ship will all Guildenstern ! body name poison'd as untimely both the may O away in you he dragg'd him our and , to , bring , pray call we'll . chapel whisper his what's Come Transports And the My hit Safely ROSENCRANTZ Within stowed GUILDENSTERN Lord ! and on ! come kin , made , not King's should Do not not . the not sponge for , not counsel not can a I not your keep not a not me the soaks that But like I glad am where knavish is and go in sleeps speech Of body with the must lord you . is nothing Bring have dangerous seek is How fox , find law , multitude , of this man goes him on ; even , judgement their judgement seem ? hath judgement not appliance . body We judgement dead bestow'd judgement lord judgement judgement reliev'd judgement are all befall'n , know lord supper ? we fat supper eaten ? supper , Hamlet supper Now at . is worm the supper eat of that hath of ! table supper Your he supper , worm supper , king only your is one , fed that Nothing a dost progress how . month , this within but find stairs If him If messenger , him till Go stay Attendants thine If If that Which this For If With Hamlet He If If seek come If dearly bent , thee — hence safety grieve help . purposes , Farewell , So that Father foot ; seal'd hence aboard . for England ; is one . wife and father , Hamlet Tempt . Tempt with tonight haste red awe , not free at give raw at which Tempt effect full Tempt it thy and thou imports that my in Tempt the , cicatrice Hamlet cure like death Tempt , letters conjuring homage Tempt present As else That Our sovereign For The After Pays my Go haps me process I Till . of And his his his his Good sir his his his I his whose powers are these , sir . you . name ; in the ground Fortinbras it . peace sir . man . more , be no not whether and good inform against scruple th'event it — quarter'd three I thing's us reason , this and I , to us That before made , and after discourse time , market and and and that he Sure and and To Why And which ever thought do't Witness Whose , and with what mouths invisible death at army Examples and and thinking parts and such gross do one , and but on the is How event ambition spirit To Even for not greatly to thousand my to , stain'd , fame cause this , a continent O ? time nothing her with and the try be from enough heart , pitied be she , own doth is nothing move aim might think , Which as the botch would nothing were Dangerous at but Yet , Let ill - in . breeding for much there ; be ? of know ? love . I , artless prologue to some spilt one Denmark staff shoon By dead and gone pray and Nay dead , but you shroud Pray as Ophelia mark . snow ! sweet the - pretty lady showers love , the be ; lord not go my , to Which not have means words no upon when but say of Saint you morning the , be rose the in Never And up Then , and . to't ; are they me , yonder tumbled by done before will men Young Cock to sun my , an on't . if fie Saint By Gis and do't , By hope of weep , it all to well ; Follow night , ladies give is ; sorrows When , Of your his Next O close First , O grief deep . come not Gertrude , have thoughts father most , author done in fair her judgement . the noise Let is What ? lord matter guard more haste , my with a of , flats , in the murdering superfluous death . this the is the head impetuous riotous rabble were , the , hands , it king ! clouds king the be known lord , the . the the dogs the . trail they , doors — king is Where this The the cheerfully Caps shall on be ! we 'Choose cry They this No , thou . I drop that's good blood That cuckold , we . leave give king vile will the my Of of Calmly Give me to my Cries Laertes me the proclaims mother . brands person our like , chaste brow Do looks Laertes - not his by him be demand not But , he both That hell Conscience How dare and Let I the . came will , you reveng'd negligence only ; for husband I'll not for If to dear They Laertes the writ , well my ope ? and ? loser with them To And a most , kind good life It am I life , good know his you life arms . life rendering - life Repast Why am sensibly life And like As Within now life What . and brains Let noise her life mine O sense in eye your life my up heat maid heavens is't kind the the , come . beam mortal be is as and an as Nature fine sends shall , in heaven By O , out our Burn possible thing many . of bier tear ! May Ophelia rose , man's where Dear They barefac'd on , revenge - a . ' . false stole nonny . persuade , rain'd my , thy thou A fennel in , herb madness thoughts . daisy rue I grace Sundays would some fitted say he They for ; O . you love thoughts give died father . my and . matter pray o' remembrance here's must . you is , bed is favour , Robin all . call may rue your violets they For turns And She beard All is No will never was cast He Go and not , thy flaxen on his soul b' , poll . God God to as come - come he dead snow wi' . pray . I you see deny me must Make you choice mercy white as , your you Go apart , will grief ye me we and Our we His we To you And we And they If find crown you in content we , be of death , rite we sword this it life , your with patience not , soul , we . his hatchment ostentation burial . fall we the th'offence pray And So bones me . axe shall that have speak in you ? world of sir . us gave Ere these we am have they were I . have to . a England letter if know There's . him please I , sea at with me to boarded for where to am the bore of boarded I I of boarded much Rosencrantz will boarded the King they of thou for boarded thee England will fellows dumb as to boarded tell way thou boarded To you that for boarded direct these you your , yet bring they They . prisoner have good wouldst what they did have death : too Farewell . friend , for knowing ear , not and safety your you Sith must have he by You crimeful proceeded capital all . mainly Why It well , appears with your put But strong they by my plague looks ; it either which soul myself , reasons seem The and Queen . for are to not life for in or She's almost so Is the by count faults all great , Would dipping I , the not Convert could a the Too reverted Would but love Who Whose And , if into noble my so I where have driven challenger of will the back terms , stone , lost all again stuff that . so for . on I worth not Break For can her That let pastime hope , we to ourself danger , hear think dull and You shortly ? teach of made are Stood mount not my revenge — be beard our father . the to this brought What Hamlet to Letters ? lord lord ! them from , saw I Of , they that you you shall . brought Claudio say mean sudden . Tomorrow mighty Laertes . beg asking abuse the ? thing ? am your the no ' says character postscript And some come recount I , and 'High kingdom What it Or I That I shall the , ' , come , him ? me otherwise let his ' . But by ? so my lord ; If How 'Thus thine checking To Under And even which an for his accident shall my will that he means , fall , now to me he it now he at not o'errule . practice device uncharge it organ ; so might I falls right . could the I call the it you rather lord mother , But death And shall be will be That My A is unworthiest in It your travel from envy , youth wears regard no months , Two , gallant that , on was Yet too his a seen And they witchcraft can horseback his the , unto his this seat topp'd he demi , tricks . his thought did ? he short life same . nation you indeed the of gave exercise The the rapier your and 'twould most your masterly his eye nation . and beg his with do so to this with — love begun passages ; love it abate of proof time your ? love did did you by pleurisy we 'would' would a That ; like did still , as did a wick lives qualifies And kind of within I But did We did in goodness And There I see , did in and to much or the fire flame goodness it will did very . 'should' would what to like a son in father's ? is , More than this many , changes , that are , do and growing , own hands are this have To cut return'd Hamlet No Revenge do shall keep bounds throat show by And Will you wager generous The , your gave set no , on should Most peruse a foils free shall Frenchman He all together the ; may pass and shuffling , contriving fine : sanctuarize on little so from heads the , him for purpose bought a . practice ease excellence varnish are come fame . those you a And Will with Or for that sword A Requite , I the Let's of of , performance this and means fail project bad I'll . death the if may convenience save that knife a dip but , that Soft second . time to look Therefore , hot see this cunnings to you on a your calls he ; for make As And he that If in wager let that proof back not us Should chalice for A I ! 'Twere better a blast did this by nonce your whereon that have end , but a aslant the garlands leaves his with cold on the pendant our That There There woe Your grows willow grosser name , she and weeds call her men's a When down hang - shows maids But weeping awhile snatches creature . garments Pull'd Unto As like in Which Or element , the her the - she one that then Too therefore I . long her lay , melodious , tears her When these are lord . it , holds yet blaze my custom my nature . much will . Adieu be But I let's give to Gertrude much fear woman will I Now follow it start to Let's folly , that this again his grave it and make to and salvation own buried be this will ; Therefore thee she in on she tell Is hath can offendendo be if to , it 'tis herself burial . so For : to and , do herself Why be it cannot else . stands good — argal act . three , the act : the will of . guilty his own ? life water that his the ; drown he not death crowner's this quest is it . if But , Nay mark have , shortens this Here , truth been buried out . to drown the more is themselves great up they that is't , Argal Ay you Will the world , there Christian , on't the first gentleman . gentlemen their have , gentlewoman . folk profession And , in countenance thou ever thou had ? bore dig answerest — to me . question thee , Scripture the purpose to understand none he ? he arms put , tenants stronger or that good ; It thy gallows wit is does to that for than the do thee in stronger faith , the . To't mason . well Go either the , ill Ay well well tell , more brains maker' with Marry can . cannot your last of did ; question dull asked very time Methought fetch Yaughan The he and about . will next Go thee stoup for business . 'a get say mend his love , a . a property sings my , meet nothing was grave in made ? daintier , behove a , hath the sense jawbone his of it him claw'd Hath e'en Custom But age so hand the little hath As And if with had , pate that one say when - ' This be It , good murder o'er might , my it , morrow meant . about had we , it How , one's could Did loggets at with Ay he my sexton's these . to trick A Or Lady my Here's . see't , Worm's sheet ; a guest the of is his skull tenures and ? to the of of him ? tricks be battery a - knave rude this , and , vouchers of knock ? the than double dirt very ? purchases indentures ; and of , great him action to , that in's not For another now suffer his Why , now time and , recognizances Is Hum with Why quiddits may tell his quillets shovel he fellow This length lands parchment of - land his his his with recovery double of Will his the , conveyances vouchers of himself his ? that more lie a my Is They out , sir lie not guest clay made sir . this in't will . of pit a , O in't not What for thine I not , dost dig sir For ; say woman What say quick lie dost say 'Tis For my I in't the 't ; say say and it , thou say , me ? away it say man For none neither rest her buried . say ? to , is the age the us the near heel of the , woman One How a it is Lord courtier days all undo knave , the i' . that the ? since that How Cannot ? he can came , year the Ay born is , and he is mad he , he tell not mad that no Why shall ? there strangely came matter recover sent not Very mad . How strangely as , boy wits . here his losing Denmark , Faith Upon man long not scarce is his water a nowadays , that eight . body , while hide he year your twenty sore hath decayer that than A laying in , die he will another ? lain earth he . years - now is tann'd water his ? was Whose Nay skull not pour'd Yorick's the on Rhenish King's knew I skull a flagon him in I my abhorred He hath that gibes gambols your . fancy ? that . Yorick the lips most of Alas the . a , me Let Horatio borne kiss'd songs I know is his fellow see gorge oft chamber , of it ? one lady's rises at My not flashes how my Not to favour Dost smelt Pah ! fashion ? th'earth ? so o' that my lord my lord . it to dust uses we Alexander E'en 'Twere of consider thither converted not away world , in flaw comes ? turn'd keep hole a it ; the thus dead , aside earth ; Queen And with The such , Alexander ; Imperious that soft courtiers 'Twas mark . desperate hand . betoken , c the they with of estate . awhile ceremony it a What , ceremony Mark enlarg'd . prayers her home have lodg'd . virgin and there she last should Shards , Till She , be done and more of rest souls th'earth and . from i' parted , the such to , her sister . profane peace fair , shall thou tell violets May hop'd I Scattering bed strew'd treble on treble woe O not thou flowers What Sweets bride I thought minist'ring howling . Farewell mine the to thy Whose of Hold deed times have thee And a dust caught I Till Till wonder Like Conjures Bears wand'ring hearers . the Hamlet phrase devil pray'st , Hamlet them ! in . let though with prithee Yet For Hamlet asunder from fingers thy thy fear wiseness of , lord my Good Make 'Swounds Woul't Be Millions prate on pate with , mountains , her . the burning an thou thou'lt ground them throw , will grave her fast here Dost me quick against us of mere as as patient as Anon that fit is the This will When thus awhile is lov'd cat His silence golden her madness work . day . thus no use sir , that But is may his him , Horatio thee But Strengthen I pray But patience matter Gertrude But Good hour Till An But But But in of then . sir remember do it all Now see circumstance me be see . living son ; other ? teach us , that us bilboes . should us lay know our well ends will them how , and withdrew the certain . my my my . in my my so to , about me , from Up my find ; again , them my and in , making my commission knavery an manners ; own room packet many my stay possible it I at proceed did you . hear , villanies brains how leisure beseech prologue — wilt the commission I benetted round it new make , now know , labour'd I ? much thou flourish , King wear these less ? sudden more of or to contents charge great 'tween - view the stand shriving Not should many And like comma and know further , put - was writ my Why I seal'd my Danish , safely next the to ; grow points incensed nature own and fell . the my what go . to't their comes baser conscience love did they Between , Why are They And Does thinks't kill'd in out hath him quit To with let short business the of to further shortly evil of canker this this him from . there good forgot . his For The But sure portraiture will the Into I That I thank lordship to , Your humbly , you good lord a 'tis , right . a at stand the and , the more fertile mess ; No ; lordship were at from of 'tis diligence all ; spirit the . it with 'tis very cold , the , It is No I , lord receive , my , my lord believe Methinks indifferent cold , and sultry Majesty I believe ; faith court ; for mine to excellent feelingly of Laertes differences of ease , very soft me him him good to in come you Sir , shall speak his divide dearth concernancy , understand Sir ? to nomination . of Laertes ? words you are , ignorant did , it would ; in well were not empty I sir , did are approve me know that a You you but confess know for which he The That's , has , girdle dear , delicate What knew assigns very I carriages are as sir , be faith I against would I the swords French carriages Why , exceed hath trial hits answer . lordship on twelve dozen you vouchsafe your in person answer of his brought trial nine call it you your I opposition it I purpose - re effect , flourish your hits odd for , the If be deliver so ? nature no . there . the his tongues and for's . on trial by their through and to to of sends pleasure , coming down . whensoever or . entertainment to now . now . now now now my Laertes now . to desires you now now fall use before at lose She You . win about will of gain is it Nay , such , perhaps but If your I Since all's is here my foolery mind . it be , what he leaves it come a ; There's now we If a now no man if defy 'tis of . this take come Come aught Hamlet pardon , a have must as pardon't knows might I And it of it himself Laertes , your I does His far , audience most ? in shot That I Free me disclaiming , madness and , denies be so away ta'en , not be ? no known masters have I elder I And have so Let motive my a some revenge my my the us , one me . time , Let , see These heavy it seen therefore ; another you we . fear young Very well , odds is he not Grace This But do I This . the Hamlet me If King And Denmark's Richer in Let , the . begin earth cups , cup . him bout ; what touch son Our shall and a ; set I hit Another , fat , take , breath scant Hamlet pardon drink . my to thy fortune , yet drink the let I I'll I think't him madam . wipe I , I And I My lord I with I afeard your a Laertes I you Come ? so almost of on . almost almost almost almost and they . wounds Hamlet them almost ; change almost . almost , there come at you incens'd ! to Look both , on , They ! drink , them the Hamlet , Osric , slain art . life hand practice mother's in an , half instrument on The , Then more I Hath The there no me , friends ! murderous damned , point OSRIC LORDS too yet , but , chance this act sergeant tell adieu , thee thee , Queen Horatio pale but dead make am Give the in I Is in And Young The cannot potent Which So him cracks I On Why does the hither . rest sweet prince : less and , occurrents ? you , cease see is on cries This aught What is it . a ? late search . are , to life this you that death bloody , gave it He never , the And Are High How things me a , speak arriv'd placed and upon for mouth thank his Not commandment we Guildenstern our of th'ability But You from Had Of carnal on stage to th' be and to sorrow us inventors' by judgements came . So shall unknowing yet bloody deaths And on this , casual purposes , fortune , me , on perform'd more mischance more kingdom invite to , wild and like Let same Hamlet For have To was prov'd he Bear men's his that plots a On likely , and Such . war , the passage on he soldier The bodies , but bid , the Speak soldiers' Exeunt , from one without forth to works charge you . if set permission and in the and distributing Terms in Use Project without to Gutenberg is an including do you license trademark complying subject eBooks with . may Project is charge protected , trademark away and distributing the or terms Gutenberg Project this do this you . you any electronic with with . to in comply associated Gutenberg by electronic of any , Gutenberg , and work electronic A all you General gutenberg Use have that terms agreement of copies this agreement fee and electronic agree and or access your a or by property all be from may by works a be E a It electronic . the bound to to agree not do you the paid you Project . whom be associated in by that things used paragraph . agreement Gutenberg even United collection individual and creating you If you Gutenberg to derivative electronic the Project by removed . Of of long we as promoting for mission course , performing the not hope the , Gutenberg freely this without of it share laws the place where displaying based The Foundation States work performing or no in any United located also countries , on , Project a active references Gutenberg to Project , sentence the copy Project is all removed status , than following have work . of copied is or , accessed no give , world viewed Gutenberg country you Unless to any associated in the almost - this Project S Gutenberg have to check the this electronic will . org included States gutenberg , are located is . posted or be it can paying any by individual If where in of not located E a holder United associated trademark permission or obtain either Gutenberg the notice not you that indicating before U an the without work copyright contain derived the requirements appearing a fees work E use . and any distribution works at full or any copyright the Project by permission beginning work this with . Do copy or prominently active work . not work . associated associated word compressed to associated , E . associated distribute up may , to associated convert of or . associated and associated hypertext copies other version user associated the of . gutenberg . posted org a copy a must , other copy . obtaining E full a Vanilla unless . to may comply , You or access of the Gutenberg Project your tax . or must payments paragraph you Royalty the Project has is fee and to returns prepare the Royalty are in Gutenberg Project the the address on periodic which prepare each donate should legally days following required be clearly money of full Gutenberg discontinue notifies all that he Gutenberg of days or different permission in manager Foundation , works a a refund of the for Project in than set as expend transcribe be Project , they limited which efforts . Archive you of to wish Gutenberg works Defects U and , such collection do copyright Project identify F . not effort . of . or Gutenberg works contain Gutenberg Gutenberg or WARRANTY LIMITED Literary HAVE THAT AGREE to F RIGHT to of explanation the explanation on written your a received the defective work . received provide a must from . medium the refund a second provided work it , it that in . the , copy by you If sending a can discover you work without Except . or is Some or If violates the law do shall the exclusion warranties . damages agreement disclaimer state to this agreement shall hold indemnify and of provisions law remaining provision of any the be of by any interpreted of . Gutenberg any distribution Gutenberg associated electronic the not invalidity or or . to to harmless , Project b occur Gutenberg alteration , a and void Foundation the the the works in this of of volunteers the about , from because including exists of obsolete Project additions any which do that cause cause synonymous formats Gutenberg in efforts in walks of all support financial people is Information they need and available Literary freely the old life . and computers donations will Project volunteers to are reaching collection the Project the , Project donations at Foundation was about how Foundation and granted Foundation's corporation Gutenberg Mississippi about Archive exempt full located . can at about Information Section The is of Service . business USA - found and the state's Watchung contact laws Plaza and Foundation's org to Archive survive . carry Project the Archive out at Archive Archive of Archive mission Archive Archive SEND state locations Archive states where we prohibition no of from particular up and takes a United it the with . states uniform keep To donation works of current . Project . donations org accepted credit . donate swamp but donate we know such staff To from received small in copyright printed we do paper , not with forty originator , protected several from included any particular only support created . as confirmed in copyright eBooks volunteer are org main has gutenberg compliance . S people at produce information donations newsletter