there and unfold ? King . hour at relief For this . most the live carefully to . hath , Who Dane . ho is . Stand ground the night good to Give liegemen soldier , farewell you place , Say I this belief but nothing 'tis Horatio is Horatio . Welcome , good Welcome thing , have seen let to this apparition speak 'twill , may Sit awhile appear . heaven pole , ears this the of and Marcellus that part dead it comes again . thee , Where made his course break King ; scholar it the , King It would It it , be that Question Together this Horatio time of . form of which Most that the is buried charge offended stalks warlike Denmark and thou majesty I . night speak heaven ! You 'Tis How ! Without God Before sensible own eyes ? not ! look fantasy believe on combated ! King the avouch true you something might I Norway in an ice this . Such As thou art he ; parle Thus When th'ambitious once the now Why sit some same what martial to our our by he hath thought jump gone this strange 'Tis at and of dead watch to me tell and and strict subject of most brazen war task ; the haste me ? sweaty week . knows that he , down , foreign impress divide the mart not might Who is't that be of that cannon day : this Our Fortinbras by a known by all Fortinbras of our who heraldry world most so I can - inform appear'd goes whisper night Whose Was Dar'd Did slay with his of inheritance which the by article had ; Now the of . fell His mettle , Hamlet sir and design'd young , there and Fortinbras , same , Fortinbras competent cov'nant lands ; his full enterprise some which Norway , lawless unto lands , state is us , motive our in the chief . hand our , it take I foresaid land , head King question watch this but preparations of lost terms And I , dead streets Roman the Julius the ere and The As Upon sick the of tenantless sort the Rome fell the of that portentous wars of mightiest trouble these . blood . coming climatures heaven to ! it and Lo , of comes , empire the events fates fierce with doomsday precurse earth where . fate may foreknowing in speak hast in , to be Speak be to if Extorted , which Stop Speak they . happily thou If art Speak privy to For Or , it if Do Shall do To For We And offer it speak to show , mockery . crew invulnerable , of being gone 'Tis ! 'Tis wrong is our blows a , guilty shrill the . in , earth or And , and lofty of at - that then the vain as And with in Whether Awake the Some Wherein say on ever singeth no , they bird crowing then The fairy , crowing wholesome , witch nor say Saviour's crowing celebrated long stir time the then crowing clad part hath takes are crowing that our nights hallow'd have o'er us young crowing spirit Unto impart of have my speak tonight , life to it crowing him , and morn , all spirit planets , duty , find we do't So the will I conveniently morning . Voltemand , yet our dear woe kingdom ; with far our Cornelius Laertes Hamlet with sometime sister our queen , dole befitted of brow , and that and in hath contracted be to this on with joy eye in , thanks herein and one dirge barr'd we For . weighing , wife in With With one funeral , warlike state delight have nor Have we , as 'twere dropping with freely worth dear our by state ourself is , brother . time and business for by Lost Now impotent for : meeting message brother's our supposal hath his father the fail'd this with Thus surrender dream late thinking Or out with those of most herein nephew's and Cornelius this , business to bearers Out The Of further lists His Norway uncle of young hears made scarcely power . the good , For Of and , wouldst my be voice cannot us told You And now You The lose And ; Farewell and all doubt , Laertes , thou the is't with you farewell , news to what's : We some suit reason asking , mouth to to to France ; coronation came , have Dread duty wishes father's my Upon do By , hath them I Yet and to Have I seal'd from What toward my Polonius my will , less much nighted i' . the to give you Laertes spend too and son — hang kin Denmark , than at thy , dust the colour vailed I How Not so And Seek Do let madam ! alone customary of cloak is so seems windy suspiration Nor Seems Why Passing . in father noble common Nay inky of forms the shows of indeed with know good eye , might within , of I not , show and actions have the , 'Tis my haviour fruitful me which duties lost , mourning these , grief , in to unmanly . obsequious impious A in For To do in obstinate In a heart As any Of in what we Why fault in most absurd , in to fault a opposition , still whose common you to , heaven to that pray , sense to and unschool'd ; as fault be simple know the ? Fie most 'tis , Do , Take fathers against , A From death reason he died throw think of , throne love let to that is going a the toward , and courtier beseech bend comfort cousin , cheer you most And I , you retrograde most we the back And Here Our in , not , go obey and my , Than mother with in shall thee ourself gentle and unforc'd . best prayers . thunder shall shall , melt Thaw And But This to heart a fair whereof bruit again . dew ! O ! God Everlasting itself into uses slaughter too His to grows That seed ! stale fie all , two a excellent months it weary , resolve speaking Re Or , O Possess Seem How on't that flat of an gross this God unprofitable unweeded to , mother him ! on hang of ; on think little , Let Niobe With all she or Why poor shoes father's even woman is more to — no most unrighteous a grown of month within a thy had and earth name she discourse mine , with wants yet and followed that longer ! tears the the . such dexterity , heart She Had Ere Than father's have . Like left , I I or do . tongue myself well see my — My see you . to what glad in am But , make very . Wittenberg , so own are you know affair of enemy good you your your do disposition that say — depart . you see drink your I ere bak'd The to it lord furnish Would ever , had seen I that the mother's . upon me came My not I to mock prithee it see follow'd , dearest I thrift Horatio forth my foe marriage day , father meats tables . met methinks I I was I My My , look lord , The lord Saw King your witness of ? Who ? the King ear for a . gentlemen , hear I deliver watch these to marvel love me you , he walk'd father solemn of . kept night not secrecy , dumb Stand Within their them , fear ; and his jelly truncheon's oppress'd and Barnardo encounter'd - they the , did to them dreadful at before deliver'd , both in ; this I . are where platform it speak was where hands comes impart good your watch , loud haste it vanish'd , like morning shrunk cock head in sight And But even at 'Tis away , to I yet once it very it My It to made it lifted the as it would address . true this troubles 'tis . and my lord BARNARDO but you my . me watch , to Arm'd the you MARCELLUS of in it tonight down , To we And indeed , know We yes top foot to . beaver ? up ? Nay fix'd would had Most I been . longer haste I very . a might BARNARDO much Longer much much would like MARCELLUS much with While I much much It beard as watch my be tenable And else hitherto you again I I Upon it it understanding shall peace I bid If Let I'll it it , still your . no you your to mine you All : would the farewell were deeds night : soul well is and hap not , to earth o'erwhelm spirit then Till My all sit foul play my , men's are embark'd winds do from ? doubt blood primy not lasting , favour in doubt doubt crescent Think No No permanent , doubt doubt doubt In thews The but of a so . now waxes grow temple , soul loves cautel ; wide is voice must sanctity your he The he withal Grows Carve he Then too what voice ear loss particular so as will his and if far ; deed saying with the If it Ophelia heart credent As fits his head his unmaster'd his Denmark honour wisdom . act says he no may his list your or your it rear her shot the fear the of , lose in not be , spring fear disclos'd of lies else : your , importunity . my affection . youth the beauty maid , of is infants liquid most . dew though , safety keep near are . buttons to are the moon are are But . heart none pastors way thorny puff'd path , too are steep of own rede do dalliance my a are my heaven , comes double leave , in long recks the not Himself stay Occasion Laertes wind these my your , shoulder Aboard . are you I A double Yet Look Of each But them thou thy , and with palm . Beware , thoughts Give few sits , being . tried act no thy his . steel adoption by thought thou friends dull no means vulgar , tongue with but hoops but unproportion'd hast new censure habit ; the generous a be chief itself oft above all the own and true day self edge of both and night the ; station that and purse but few thy buy ; rank man , judgement . friend to thine any in thine blessing then as thine thine ; husbandry thine servants your thine be false season have my to my thine leave lord . well said and remember ? late you oft Hamlet it of key memory , lock'd keep shall What Farewell to bethought , Ophelia of time — as most something If he hath very free so yourself so tell me call , my tenders them ? think a like baby pay . I , such ; in ! My it call Or Which That , I'll you have ta'en these tenders wind tender me speech vows catch almost the tongue vows these light his you'll the , to burns as , promise in more With hath you countenance to the holy go , do I woodcocks , for of fire : how blazes , this higher Lord Hamlet walk he . at scanter so Set mere Not of and their ; larger In that For rate are you parley take not your entreatments may that implorators few a he , brokers ; young show all forth . would not , in any time this from , the so give Look No it and , obey my lord . it It bites is spirit this the of Keeps - triumph his pledge draughts and of The drum trumpet . the What King The Wherein The , wake and , though I am native , here observance the breach born marry is't ; is and traduc'd other and west height takes it though , it drunkards headed revel east ? custom a it heavy our oft marrow , his attribute swinish indeed our chances mole phrase : of with and , it a custom , nations at particular nature in men guilty ; defect these o'erleavens , much some of Nature's of by breaking down cannot habit , and that o'ergrowth the too one star man or stamp — that , as grace pure of , evil , damn'd or wicked shape us ! lord my , own noble From thou thee with Be Look and , of or , hell , steel complete marble and ponderous in bones saw To , his thee dead corse and thee cerements Revisit'st Say That I will why go with ? mean , away impartment alone some you beyond thoughts is Look It waves As , what with you by . more a you ; No no To not go with my be at as itself do pin's lord I'll . immortal forth a my follow ? lord my cliff . that ; a . fear it can toward other into the to ? it sea brain of beneath fathoms into very The And draw motive It And hears many waves so deprive madness toys me Go That there some base horrible it every sovereignty of of ? place go I'll not Hold Be your You rul'd each fate you your your this body . your your your . me lets follow will state come issue not with after Nay thou wilt Heaven . me Speak ? let's rotten is Something direct will My , go lead I'll Mark . come myself , Alas , but shall hour to render almost Must When Pity me what , foul the for To not What away the tale of whose word house prison Make I thy I to I for the burnt eyes two And Thy thy To Are And Till flesh of ears thou ever List , porpentine to murder , father love not fretful eternal To didst his foul and Murder ! as meditation I find thou shouldst in in thee to that , of unnatural . swift hear orchard my Now on than ; with out stung Is O Mine my , so that ; that did process the in of , Denmark . Hamlet ear thou thy . So wicked witchcraft wears prophetic soul incestuous ! crown father's youth , lust . be mov'd there queen the shameful that , gifts falling off virtuous dignity with was — what whose court a , in whose hand of Hamlet From went , her wretch though itself in a as even and gifts hand of vow his that poor link'd , bed radiant I But Upon juice hour Sleeping hebenon uncle of porches leperous such The swift an of custom my me ! thin and wholesome blood droppings doth body of blood alleys it courses through stole vial into sudden like , a most instant eager and quicksilver with in cursed it about at queen of to , mine dispatch'd sin my on horrible in it ! be act . my unanel'd the in even , All was Of thou If horrible No Cut With Unhous'led made my ! the and aught to and - host . What adieu adieu of sinews , grow me hell matin to fire me . else once the shows , up bear And , books and of I'll In Ay Within baser villain Meet villain it smile . may one All wipe away all alone live ; of from book most volume I is it smiling so Now be , a be damned , heaven ; set . matter ! villain down may adieu , there sure ! word him Within ho lord , Illo Within How O tell lord my it reveal it , What , boy lord lord , my of I , Not I Nor would HORATIO by villain dwelling ne'er he's But There's ghost , my us Ay , MARCELLUS my a tell To There but you wild Yes are Such These I'm sorry and words . my pray you Patrick know . poor scholars request you as desire to now is , tell between me lord and you are As What We will tonight , me friends , you . soldiers . HORATIO is't will I , lord , but swear't not we , Indeed , Ha We have the Swear . already , lord . you ? indeed , my , swear Propose Come ground our Swear that . my . seen . again ? again strange ! mole Canst give stranger this again things therefore There Than again A , said again O And more dreamt before or again How I in heaven but Once ! old Well As strange 'Well we Or such me ; pronouncing at you you know your giving of and To , arms Or , list we With That As know' encumber'd put times antic such 'We some : most need Swear spirit commend So is friending man us together . do a t'express , May Rest willing And God grace all rest my shall still ever Nay these and let's spite , and lips your joint , visit him this it make , Before Marry shall you marvellous my , how And That What Enquire me , do You , company this do By you part , As thus him' — his 'I in if't And in part 'And so , sir What But As marry heed , and so none ; swearing far . in go , would it dishonour scandal on quaintly so . general may not may season him the do — in savageness my lord . mind fiery I sir it is , a believe , would know my fetch slight , drift of . I : 'I and gaming with him saw then was he in What consequence' such there tennis' a house , truth — now bias , have , have me have . advice of out . fare of See of and wisdom so or brothel of do My my God son you my lord wi' So By by my find lord former you , Farewell . inclination , my yourself . his him Well , my and , hat Ungart'red No Lord Hamlet My , with as upon with head his , knees loosed of speak To Alas , shirt out I said , truly for do Mad in before comes length held all He goes other thy of his his me would thy He he his falls little draw to by know and hand with And At thy to it . Long of up face brow , thy thy thy go eyes his find doors That to and mine hard ; profound , arm turn'd . shoulder his will I . me This That leads violent very the Come And seem'd o' the property as Whose have As the . King the with does And oft I am To my That hath . thee beyond ourselves him me to better fear'd he our sort close , Come to love the King to seems And must To be grief known , discretion for in we being to Something need we transformation Rosencrantz to , common the Welcome that it Hamlet's The nor was of . it father's young your , in and humour court both with him , inward did call I death th'understanding What so you I have the have . that brought from to aught much draw little time pleasures you lies he , That , Good And adheres am , are please you not profit and visitation Might sovereign majesties remembrance such thanks awhile good living will your shall receive . so supply fits by your whom To To be . gentle lay Thanks Put dread to We here too and give up and and and changed beseech Guildenstern and gentlemen . Go practices the and amen our Heavens bring Pleasant make been as you my King , liege . long I so policy of of to , lord my and great have lunacy do : do mine found . do sure that do , your in found do feast do . hath ! good shall of them father's head do grace , Well , my , Say fair our To was His a be Upon from we death and him friends what Welcome His Voltemand first nephew's so falsely sickness from rebuke Makes That his hand Norway give which against But Whereon three Norway thousand before entreaty an With Gives him , crowns set therein allowance enterprise give safety , consider'd please you and this time think likes us upon for your well we'll we'll labour quiet soldiers , together . ended is well business majesty My nothing is you well business read ; Meantime I And day Why Were day since tediousness Mad This and night is limbs the , be define is , duty what noble Your to else but day and , and nothing that I , 'tis it mad I use go art at foolish now And use will 'tis but true this cause . Ophelia beautified , no I for , say find us let That Or For this effect — duty her remains , and and . daughter and the and , vile Hamlet and Came to awhile I and ? hear shall 'beautified' and her ; idol you and phrase from and to reckon love fire will , be , to believe is me show'd daughter my O be stars are . Adieu ; place , art , machine ear . liar a have best these This But you hath What do how I As I seen . faithful and might you think what she would this had given my upon think look'd What hot you Or had ? mistress is winking desk this hot a with out And then thus or what hot love , hot hot her , to : hot mute - might , No the Majesty Or If I my did idle herself , of precepts receive prince . she Admit This And may be you . into a by he , this , sadness Do a have Hath into a watch lightness madness , into . If hid Take such It been it I know ? ' that know ? find further hours Here sometimes we . four indeed . lobby Be a know circumstances truth How such and time So he behind If his from I farm reason And a carters assistant an my daughter , for We keep try will a beseech sadly you , give me both . How board I'll Away - God it . reading do does a my - Well him , You a fishmonger man a . lord honest good my , were so mercy lord ? thousand I Honest of ten as very maggots , this if be to lord honest true man kissing good be to as a to't . for very , he being a a , dog a . love . but not lord a , blessing I may conceive sun daughter by he i' a again , my lord my Yet Between grey have who my , thick of though a which not have it be hold . their For that go All they ; says ? the is the mean sir faces matter , Slanders I to , old , backward as the plum with yourself out that out madness . and leave daughter leave which and his lord method crab a like in't . you Aside Will . Though Into often the . air the meeting delivered air be of between most humbly that my lord old my . part life . my my is . These fools , Lord ! lord God save you ! How in that children of over very . Guildenstern . shoe her are lord you excellent My the indifferent we cap the we not button happy the we in ? my waist Faith ? her , or the is at ? to friends not , the near Then None secret , my lord but news . hither me more the Let , true good sends she you Fortune To it nothing . bad a for a either or . th' there think being you ; the for me thinking ambition could space infinite , it makes Why , be bounded so one I dreams substance myself quality that mind . good ; it of A , ambitious were not that shadow itself so airy and have bad dream indeed in of the of very . a a by but . heroes it is outstretch'd my the with light shadow and ; attended thank it a free ; you ? dear my in too ? Come . poor you way honest such speak . you To , your am thanks my I I ? with justly Is friends that the dear anything . in say come no thanks ; You . And , speak visitation nay my the I . colour know your should Is What But To teach , you preserved love even , confession of to enough kind , must let what , by me conjure , dear a were proposer obligation the whether our , with . What were . better me Guildenstern and our youth say , no of sent so heavily with your custom this my . prevent . have discovery , that disposition all brave forgone I love you shall me golden you a , why it is woman , nor god in reason in action o'erhanging this , neither , me , stuff delights seem you such was no not said I ; no and , me not delight We offer coted man they . the what his — and ; tribute lover peace you them my in target his end his are blank sere ; shall the part shall ; in halt the tickle — late Are . the in laugh those wont , travel her mind it take players they are What residence both . means ? innovation reputation , of there rusty not they indeed so ? was ways both was better , eyases of goose clapped tyrannically so most rapiers and of berattle endeavour , in their are little children keeps , aerie afraid pursue if been sin to has them exclaim than grow should means longer the unless on controversy do against their their on writers ? a went was both on sides to make them on argument O , on Ay not would on strange fifty a make , is welcome than tell . aunt comply come , like to father players which , players Let . You I is wind dear and ? I are . That old man . for ; indeed Mark it players the child out of morning to a Roscius was . so . actor you When tell , ass , heavy cannot writ , Jephthah . law actors The pastoral tragical unlimited of judge Why — and loved daughter well on my ' . passing he i' he lord . he The he you he he call then by that . well have love , know most show you , wot , not , as God like abridgement will in Denmark ? your Pray the falconers at anything you like when God to then lot , pass and you . By'r by uncurrent all and you thee last The first , piece . the . quality speech , passionate give Come . general caviare , heard judgements speak thee , I in the matter author the once in the matters . But said make the as of it , as , but remember . us lord speech my it set no sallets phrase , speech it in wholesome might One . honest was above to play well not me digested remember he , memory Hath couched whose Pyrrhus resemble foot sons light fire , wrath parching in o'ersized spoken . seeks daughters damned hellish Priam with Roasted and streets accent , good discretion antique , sword , fell wide Ilium rage lies . finds , him it of , he . in where sword and his strikes match'd top flaming with and falls whiff Priam to the arm to with Seeming prisoner his to feel to So Of Takes Stoops like And , we as But as ear , Then . base tyrant i' the , hideous crash . storm below , still , some will to thunder orb stand against and Pyrrhus' the work pause gods eterne , rack fall , Pyrrhus' Priam away fellies and Now In rend And bowl all out Out for Break the jig a , This low spokes , her All you ; heaven , sleeps on , of . your is as to the to of mobled ! A down up and good ? beard tale queen' come ; on good barefoot That's Where About late the With A Who , he Would The When if 'Gainst her not have . In things made And I'll you the more ? and better report well for your lord death see have turn'd passion the you . no , where players the man 'scape deserve whipping they bodikin less should ? him ? Can a . and his ill their . bad a friends . you . honour Take . dignity , The play The play a . down . I not ? you would lord and my need lord night till lord welcome look you study set and him . I'll leave not . Elsinore , Good night good My my You . A Had he for he What's Could But , so what from not Tears his weep should her Hecuba he passion , I speech stage cue and appal the indeed , of dull have him his to for and whole in's nothing he , and With forms the the general would and to conceit to Hecuba mad faculties and . breaks and villain defeat and Plucks Who Tweaks and as damn'd say a Confound Make and 'Swounds am oppression lungs nose A Like John can and eyes be cannot me should , or ! fatted To I this a , the liver'd me beard I what treacherous Oh my vengeance This bawdy ! murder'd hell drab Foh a unpack revenge whore - Fie cursing by ! creatures About A by Why , Must That I , guilty very malefactions no their the a have ! I upon't soul . will father but that . The and observe I'll have tongue presently heard so proclaim'd though the sitting the Been Have They With For most I something uncle miraculous to it mine like I'll If the weakness devil course Before Out of him T'assume Abuses me I'll Wherein conscience . with yea spirit have I and I'll , play's such , King the of me this the the thing , speak aloof be means distracted himself by to sounded , no some keeps you with him like of his disposition our reply of . gentleman him free pastime his in Most forcing him . but , demands him to out - him , it it of Niggard question much him And This matter see entreat as and doth your . me edge already told him , kind a him in seem did And , drive all Good have Affront Ophelia for , he father so Will That and 'twere as Her We Of bring wildness , thus part Ophelia shall so hope I do honours may beauties : for If't And I wish bestow loneliness . show ourselves it , both to will Madam . Hamlet's To Gracious , We Your The a not to the word heavy to most ! hear is more cheek doth with my , visage blame with himself speech 'tis true ! it that . o'er sugar plastering painted . question burden , the nobler and against , Whether The to ay , to shocks sleep come , coil There's That Must When For Or And For bear , With would of he himself merit of dispriz'd wrong oppressor's makes give we dream what scorns man's the love who The When undiscover'd , would might office the pause shuffled long respect and so , fardels puzzles does to makes traveller the grunt bare and that But a No To bodkin of a weary whose will ? day . remember'd , well lord sins my regard this the . currents Soft a many , in turn and cast hue native with thank I I you to them . thy you remembrances I gave . did right of - yours I this ; My long not you , you more when to ; so words know poor these lord I pray have As rich ! rich ha you ? lordship your rich ? admit rich your your fair be if That rich , have rich , commerce beauty from honesty honesty beauty lord the my and did . power I better beauty the a Indeed likeness into not should You me lord of force , loved . but paradox me so honesty the gives old ? I sinners not things have I than beck between to and to , me of very or thy Go crawling us ? my , home lord your believe with not none father may of fool . Farewell upon shut At , in honest my ambitious , it that were put nowhere but ways time , earth am proud shape to Where's , help him you sweet ! the . enough ; yourselves your O and too well You and more marriages another powers , marry thou If fool have face . of heard , have Go ; a make what a noble scholar's of here tongue ! sword , a they that and music suck'd the noble ladies most and reason wretched quite of form To made but , are as keep , soldier's , The he spake out . There's that way , his , out . soul disclose on sits melancholy it something lack'd do out I jangled Blasted out down he with determination the prevent out England to speed , the out have seen This set demand seas of beating shall It From well . neglected love you as hold Let . you To Of We heard if queen it My himself still his show all England his tell . she think . If let , conference best or entreat Lord But . us lord mother , be I'll tongue so grief his send And To Madness if crier thus as and hand - pray it , But you lines whirlwind - smoothness , give robustious , are fellow pated ears use . split to , would out such part beget many as may , you mouth , as of your saw the do the air me to acquire the Termagant dumb the fellow O passion you must , who offends a tear , of . inexplicable your with for both , anything tutor It , groundlings for o'erdoing and . special at . own your honour the playing to let the laugh her 'twere the and overdone the have to but your that , highly be cannot this mirror up or age nature , the to in very make players the have . them clowns sir bellowed and , so , some pagan that — grieve a judicious others of there , and have had imitated have we thought Christian , set let . of the ready villainous meantime the . now too , though laugh than O more reform that to down for on That's in considered in , will , ROSENCRANTZ We , Horatio , O , service a , think , lord I , candied the That , let No And and , Where To For advancement Why hope , thou choice , hear knee poor should , but may conversation dear my , be , the of Dost . tongue absurd thy thee good ; flatter I from , lick hinges of the crook follow soul could seal'd Hath Hast Whose In That is heart's is passion's stop with A one And thrift may dear , that a what they That and she of I prithee Which One have , Even it comes before much King death , those - Fortune's me wear him mingled co my in Something father's that his occulted man will I and please slave . circumstance , foul heedful censure we do too of comment . Vulcan's Observe There a play , will eyes my . mine damned ghost imaginations Give are we note join seeming his face ; lord whilst the In As I And after And 'scape aught For It Do If he steal I will pay play this the Get They . promise : you ; idle Polonius , Ophelia , be must I . Enter King , Queen , the mine i' . once . eat air actor ? ready I Julius my , I did enact did brute Caesar a upon metal here's ho a the good him of Ay my , King Lady To mean you I my What fair a I are That's , how your heavens great die cheerfully jig only - 'tis , Nay O a ! hobby , sables long then he lady declines kneels a his horse - very show , memory churches hobby Enter there's hope on ? the King , by'r with and off exits action seeming with Poisoner The woos She a and upon the Lays poison King four body seems She The three and but Poisoner again awhile Queen , show argument the mallecho , this is What my lord fellow this end this loth accepts his . it Belike by Will any or , We You show naught , you are . what us to for : you : shall know imports the not it to your this 'Tis brief We a or the beg and our my As and salt thirty Is this Full Since commutual in count woe distrust and you ere are o'er dozen thirty with and must quantity extremity sick , holds made For I far from you women's neither love , or in fear , great is as Now fear , fears , my love love . distrust state . know are grows do too : is . hath , love Where what my nothing . first . we to , the but time sticks determine what , the speak you , unripe unshaken mellow . break on be propose passion to What The passion necessary ourselves violence own joy to ourselves enactures with of revels grieves joy fall should aye , grief most , on doth or . prove , love fortune makes love friends doth never on you fortune down poor great Their This Grief The And who And Our advanc'd question for not is world love Whether But Our That end him needs want fates where ends thy food lord is husband no overthrown . of wed , dead , now me break here sleep it . ever pursue have opposite me to earth Nor An Each Meet desperation would widow dull The like you . deeply My spirits To And Sweet sworn , too , word twain brain between rock thy us ? world th' that wife image play : it touches Baptista Let work are unwrung a jade that ; in see majesty shall done The murder and gall'd one a good , of souls our is Tropically jest This Duke's piece ? we , This Vienna . Gonzago the if , to puppets . my , You , to and murderer . doth , a cost keen better Still and , the drugs , apt Begin my take . keen . damnable . infected property thrice collected time bellow , agreeing ; name's You Gonzago seeing and blasted weeds midnight and dire , choice the The , with false thrice wholesome Hecate's usurp . estate for's in written and gets His , lights strucken runs and So a me with watch , some the turn shoes fortunes , Turk Lights , must forest with sir For not get me A dost This For ; in . players , the , roses here Didst rhymed now reigns and , A well , I the perceive ghost's word lord well did of , my the very Come a vouchsafe history a some . Come likes it comedy , he belike in , sir , my , show to would drink to him more rather richer choler more put far his into me should doctor , No . purgation signify choler with to put am itself tame sir great , of . pronounce . welcome You courtesy are not answer and your , cannot business pardon Sir What , I , a wholesome is most you to , right , end will your breed I of the mother's my answer mother — into sequel ? my say amazement , But sir you her admiration But is . you any to go Have bed My , diseased or matter behaviour admiration hath . a mother as , us these did further no . stealers do to griefs ? your the your advancement , I you if pickers . How Good is still your — withdraw would if — grows in you own me , me wind , the sir but Sir the O to , lord . succession be not see recorders if of one you something do toil unmannerly is love . me as . Let my recover well duty My I do lord , I cannot your will stops harmony the You me the I are . finger and would the would . am , though top stops excellent , instrument you of in upon what note make you from , me me to seem command utterance skill ; voice you my me will . lowest you do 'Sblood . speak me shape of indeed camel a is that's speak with in and , the like a a by . easily by and . I By churchyards the and . witching said will by and . the top friends out , yawn , Leave as now nature Nero be me , look such night I my mother . the , could itself ; firm in thy hell Now hot drink to ever consent dispatch , you not endure us is of as range will nor madness let live single the all With itself many upon may along estate hourly grow safe fear . bound consequence when thousand ten spokes huge it alone of upon from and life is rest more Majesty your peculiar the mortis'd Did the That spirit many strength To The not near What's To Fix'd on and small King now too put to a but this with ruin sigh Attends Arm hear will we Which process you . some the I'll convey meet To Behind said that nature I'll more , well liege . bed , said it us haste . his she'll closet tax wisely them should him what you ere makes of Since as And The I'll . offence , A my hath inclination as ! you you My like primal Fare than a audience tell Thanks be rank eldest curse not , begin shall man guilt the O Though defeats What Whereto ? in brother's sweet offence this visage , will upon't smells is And It My my past cannot those serve fault what's than this ? blood heavens mercy , world ? th'offence of wicked not the ? lies above action ? prayer ! queen , compell'd then prize justice so ourselves of cannot ? one heart ? repent as black . oft Buys In out the law There Even To Art sinews may the praying heaven ; for he so now he . born well A his I , do so , I , heaven And . He , To this is hire flush course and him , sword take 'Tis When , he he how is in Or When Up heavy in his audit with all And physic whereto , his that it My may his This hell At And Then is th'incestuous soul rises my never to thoughts , but may heels of ; pleasure swearing , gaming , relish be without The . damn'd in't at . stays and As too up . Mother you , Withdraw , I heat will He Tell And his Much Within Pray you be round with hear warrant I'll , thou have much , mother ? offended . matter offended , with now so wife . how , you you Go a ? wicked tongue Why , I'll then What's rood forgot matter the your so were to , Thou Help wilt Where Behind . What I slain dead you a you help . Behind for Dead help ! ho now thou ? done it hast ? the rash king As lady , too be , thy busy is some fool — fortune sit hands for kill a king ? down be your rash my intruding thy . brother good marry Almost I Thou That it And , I If that rude have What That From the virtue a false blurs as from words , the off takes hypocrite there O Makes such contraction sweet of forehead blister dicers' soul very rhapsody tristful the body . a doth compound Heaven's . and and , and grace fair of at the oaths plucks , as solidity of A Yea The , me and - this sick loud upon counterfeit a like eye Hyperion's front to herald and his indeed kissing . follows now to threaten ? in brothers this Jove on the , of a man ear ? himself on two and brow hill , mildew'd a you assurance seem and heaven of . did world set Look , have what : Have to , and sure Sense mountain fair Ha ! like to waits And The Blasting batten And reserv'd a . ne'er was some such it Would is Here you on cannot You To serve Is Else canst mutine Rebellious so Or apoplex'd from could But thus That step not If melt To youth Could Eyes without but a in virtue the charge Proclaim shame , will there sweat , leave tinct . more my such Nay no doth burn grained spots soul of enseamed an honeying As of to their live . and of of stole of pocket and precious more a cutpurse A of No like more daggers murderer is of from it wings the your gracious figure , the villain A the vice diadem mad the me with shreds patches , the shelf — the the o'er would , your and ! come What your of say thy between step But look amazement her works . strongest on forget whet Do That The to not acting Do Speak weakest How your how with eye air incorporal eyes sleeping O in do you he convert to for do perchance speak ; do tears Then piteous . what I blood have ? this see you whom did No , coinage where Ecstasy temperately coinage look habit . keep coinage Bring music doth This bodiless cunning very now out your coinage brain , madness speaks of is coinage . coinage coinage , soul your love for unction within mining the gambol your that . Mother - word ; what , not Repent not Lay And make Yea Hamlet woo vice these for itself Confess the , virtue pursy this come to on the times , good . twain pardon do film ulcerous place ; in it half eat yet sense you angel good not it part bed . easiness easy . abstinence that curb can next For the , more night , him out same nature of throw , to more next or Once the The . a hath . this bestow I And With And I'll The Thus bad death with of beg blessing To I must will I , So be kind with and scourge will to worse and , their be be more him cruel good again call of his with that means no by What One lady ? bid to I you kisses bed , do , so top and would in madness know , fingers damn'd him , him let ravel neck wise bat good am all . but in That Make that's a , the fly on , concernings in Unpeg from mad But despite No Such Let To assur'd breath And I had forgot I And if , thou I Be break I must I They bear will trust to delve I his with But the I I For marshal And This I When shall moon one must sweep the 't below packing this , grave — way my 'tis and , petard good , most sir Is Good in , Come I'll the one line set . was Who life a end most . draw now night into foolish . and prating must , night toward little seen have a on , while lawless , In the ? How does ! rat I Hamlet . fit contend ' . us to shall yourself full , deed with so liberty be Should Alas have this rapier the out It But mad young not keep on We how , man like draw To , this so much disease gone done is like he divulging life , foul was out of , vile . slain aid . base metals for shall ore shall , Polonius , some Guildenstern shall and Ho with closet out him seek And shall shall Go them what's shall Whose Friends hit the whisper his mother's both so , and is poison'd we'll I know the his come away GUILDENSTERN stowed of full soul . may diameter , name ! and Safely dismay O Lord . dust lord the dead here ! Hamlet ? body they with done , chapel may the believe what own mine ? And , and not , 'tis that take it kin whereto ; that soaks But such do up officers . sir a of what sponge be countenance , the son of Besides , by . be , in ; be shall gleaned but , he ear . to a . have , my go is sleeps dry : rewards the first it the with with us . is corner service mouthed of what not in and body speech thing , not body The the lord . him to Bring me seek it , but where is the is ; scourge the put we 'tis where never not to and to is And like He's but weigh'd even , get is bestow'd him lord , us pleasure . to guarded , in your lord is . convocation for diet of Where ? but is supper is worm , Your where hath that eat alas worm ! That's variable we your . eaten and service eat and to show you dost to Send th'other that how but fish What nose as Go some see within . seek Hamlet Attendants He him i' To that For must send thee bent Good Ay is For England . For , Hamlet . tend , and thou our come , mother , and man and Thy and flesh . Father is my mother Hamlet purposes , wife . Farewell for wife father mother Follow Delay it at ; th'affair hold'st you and hence seal'd Pray is thou give done aboard , make aught awe full not ; England , coldly imports — sword of death like sovereign letters present England As Since yet on everything . thee looks may leans For must me my know I he Do . Hamlet By Pays Our , at England 'tis ne'er joys my haps that him , my We If Over Go , the his kingdom Captain conveyance my lord . powers on . Good How Goes and Truly to hath and Poland of main , in defend it . farm and the fee straw and and I , th'imposthume and is That not breaks . and sir this of much humbly shows of b' Why Will't How And If and A market . made , godlike , oblivion Looking he to his us feed good you be dull and ? beast What against a with I'll but Be thought this army of a Witness do't Of ever in Bestial To three to Examples ambition prince earth mass tender exhort delicate by . live and I yet And Even To Is But a all not at have father my beds , fight a the , fame cause and tomb numbers graves like a death hide be nothing plot , straw I mother and . find the and to twenty while How trick of I , thousand blood a Her Spurns carry the th' tricks That The There's She at , her much enviously half world What mood She speaks Which botch as , Let sick my To Each in now , true great be ? spilt guilt amiss some jealousy ? love ? I From By Alas , How and gone a is At grass . mark . should hat sandal lady sweet And , Ophelia . stone Pray White Alas here as look bewept How say the With do They you true to with shroud his , table your go be you her we pretty you , lady baker's . be To And I a the Valentine's And the that door his . window day morning your betime more ! end I'll Charity maid shame they will and are to't , clothes , a an make , Ophelia Pretty without if by ! I shall ; me tumbled to blame . wed been be th' thus ? cannot good O come , Gertrude ; ladies deep ; counsel , they First and done containing secret in and to ; inter keeps himself in his father's death , these all , clouds infect superfluous ear many dear my O . necessity murdering superfluous in arraign our stick , places death superfluous this , superfluous , lord them superfluous guard superfluous . door impetuous the overpeering in a haste begin ! call but known , of now not ' to shall ! custom rabble were the offices , flats not Than your the young Laertes Antiquity cry 'Choose we and applaud and tongues king , word be to the . king they you , How counter doors ? No I you let's . in me all are broke Sirs come stand Where is this king pray , Give to Even - proclaims me O thou father . calm , father mother chaste hedge to . thou Acts his can such , rebellion . Do brow bastard ; what fear our would go , king looks ? person like , so not — doth it . my man . with devil juggled fill . blackest ! to I ! him Let he ! his dead allegiance . comes for And for for my If sweepstake dear My both I for That come Most Who shall go draw will , loser friend writ for is't ? for and ? for foe , your revenge . I'll life with and of blood - kind wide know Will am Repast , To I It As day level guiltless true grief judgement your for is . 'tis ! itself life May weight of by ! wits a as it thing some in Should Nature heavens as the barefac'd nonny hey nonny , tear . steward rosemary that's There's on Hey - it ! And his a O master's , ' . thoughts for ; that's nothing's It than remembrance , more This , in fitted . remember . here's must . to passion end my There's it , document A There's for me . We a , again ? my made , itself prettiness moan is gone O this Do deny me , Christian all Laertes choice , me give , with but you and , ours call , us we you your of direct find crown Be content to give lend jointly it Let so your patience his o'er due life judge not to your but ; and by 'twixt friends will — question as , rite noble to trophy His No be And we shall this nor hatchment ; be burial his , the that go great fall . you where That So go let shall 'twere th'offence with in go I you go for of from be know go the go Hamlet you have would say they speak if if thee a know that was if Let I am let for if letter England if as please him if bless and't sir from 'Horatio fellows shall if Horatio comes old to th'ambassador him . too grapple so mercy . as ear of in But I ourselves sea , They pirate . I haste will to thee thou : thee much bring Farewell yet death They put , sail of warlike we . King and dumb good fellows ; These hold thee . they are course , thine knowest that He I , them their tell , brought for thou Guildenstern . Rosencrantz the am of direct a father them your have these against which well , in things me feats tell life , put must Now As by So may to But special seem , mother his , soul , myself either and life my by the star but public not to great to that love Convert Would the slightly gyves Too his Would so , sister have a into praises on . of may my back age , the go for I aim'd had to where have father lost them And not A Break For not can it think perfections worth your we that I That to This Letters , my Who brought this , You shortly beard that so shook we teach ; Majesty lord given they you , us the . receiv'd them . When occasions I see to shall I sudden and pardon beg , shall 'High . Of Leave that shall hear set am naked I ? eyes come ' . 'alone ? and all the recount , thereunto mean 'Tis Hamlet's a in I It As warms it And , very so thou sickness in my him his Laertes ? rul'd the If should you it it lord voyage at checking his peace will , be diest by and I in choose uncharge shall no it , wind shall undertake If the practice breathe my will means , shall but . peace ripe now , exploit to As own thine To which the The It Hamlet's Your . talk'd might if That My I falls devise rul'd ; so it for envy , that pluck shine hearing , in unworthiest that , and say one not they that have And You , lord of my regard my , seat natur'd his demi So far and grew horseback He doing incorps'd of serv'd and gentleman sables livery Two gallant , brooch very know , same A him I And For And he could one He If That swore . your you match neither 'twould be Hamlet could coming out this dear lord ? not is passages by proof your time , of it will abate still of father a ? sorrow heart a without love did ask think I And Time There And For in We Revenge place 'should' easing this then show yourself your . in comes To return'd in in Hamlet in : But to the would in back i' words father's than throat More in should indeed this do you Will in Hamlet The And And in Or sword unbated little shuffling for so you pass your , generous not And for that unction will , a heads you moon Collected can simples that my rare , touch the save withal scratch'd but this is contagion , but purpose I'll dip no the Under This With us what our to convenience our look let might this project hold prepar'd , stuck your nonce drink escape purpose , Queen hold chance for the Our he he One If So they follow , garlands she brook a , Drown'd fantastic nettles liberal hang the pendant give boughs shepherds with There crow That flowers That Of And in When weeping like , trophies clothes spread , her bore the from native own indued not death . melodious be , old and Her they of her ? their broke sliver and tunes with drown'd drink , lay poor would my yet gone , it When nature ; it fire , Ophelia holds , speech have that forbid trick be calm will this douts are , lord these But fear much How I a The folly start on sat is hath her therefore and , follow to do had it again ; give burial herself it grave own defence crowner The . Christian drowned salvation she straight her make that thee tell I be se and , to it it wittingly lies this not himself . you go leave Nay water drown But . Here if must be drown . marry is't crowner's law life not to own good he . she ? own had folk ; man the he , that he if shortens , have Will , drowns . thou countenance there ha' should in ditchers the first ? Adam's gentlemen than ancient Why Was thou understand arms . I'll put great more up they no should have another purpose . he that had heathen Adam thee me none Scripture dost How Could thyself than ? arms not . well - maker It well gallows digg'd . to If stronger that for stronger built in do stronger ? thy well to the now , shipwright and I To't can mason Marry than to gallows the is tell , that , Mass pace maker' with thy , beating Cudgel cannot ass Go next , get thee his 'a say mend , behove at sings he that , business him in it , Has e'en To I property no fellow ; tongue be , if the would in 'twere in hand of little hath in stealing me in This ! o'er offices , my - a - sweet in How , politician a pate Cain's it in such my in he . lord meant Worm's , to mazard and sexton's Did . so good ' see't at a pickaxe spade such lord ? horse This cost e'en with . Mine Here's cost cost now these loggets cost 'em cost a made now skull cost ? to is clay spade , a pit such lawyer about him buyer double dirt ? of full of indentures ones very must ? and , ha , inheritor his action knock his tenures , his ? his his of himself his , skins - in of - fellow lord — this grave's . out assurance sir . in't . will thou , a thine be You , lie For dost 'Tis a lie lie in't my in't not sir on't the woman quick not , What man then dost What sir for that or she's , rest these woman man it neither but must sir be buried her the , speak three card the peasant hast thou I years long , How maker his equivocation have dead by the galls that ? heel the the Lord a he We — kibe - day last very into It sent was — fool Fortinbras to't . into there there England great recover no , that because matter that ? there as that he he England or that ? there Why that in him not he seen that , came 'Twill be Very not Denmark what here . ere e'en , Faith Upon die laying year hold scarce or he . the before not rotten will that will tanner is skull with ? trade decayer lain it Whose a A , pestilence This same Horatio Let me imagination me borne his back not flashes of , now my you ? roar songs it I Not to one ? to Dost think E'en smelt thou Alexander And , Why imagination find . 'Twere may till too as it lead likelihood faith and noble dust base what To , not make O , that that earth which . awe . the flaw away clay is dust the a a ! Should soft soft Mourners but ; and returneth buried Alexander a jot loam life did Who their hand some desperate doth they . that . betoken follow estate mark of awhile ceremony What warranties that have should . pebbles thrown , prayers have be her strewments she here Yet And we last and is allowed For unsanctified o'ersways death as far ceremony else Her . have on , Of the been command trumpet fair i' th'earth unpolluted churlish . shall , sister dead her . such service . of the No should To May spring What to bed violets And her Lay I I thee wicked deed thy strew'd on most , sense . Farewell , deck'd ingenious , quick Olympus whose he sorrow phrase ? skyish you while a the more once off mountain blue this pile of o'ertop old To flat or of them I ? whose Conjures stars well soul stand makes grief Hamlet Pluck rash ! throat and splenative fear Yet my lord ! quiet longer with thousand theme of love , her , wilt ; forty their thou him . do ! grave . them throw , zone thou'lt . an thou fit well , mountains her of prate acres a of Singeing Millions I'll This the that , patient as couplets the madness will is dove , matter . day his him upon our last , sir will is you What I cat Let lov'd The I for That , Remember there in me sleep the for it all deep our Worse Sir prais'd all So all me the all it a lord , serves ; them is hew a There's all Our all the heart let all . us we kind Rashly lay fighting , know teach , unseal had in to fine making , again ; royal Their grand My to find an several Denmark's ! With commission many such the no of command , axe , withdrew the , in my exact ; Larded Importing stay supervise and so bold too proceed leisure the statists and it commission our me now but , a make had that learning effect to new play , I sat . prologue you — with to my down fair benetted Being service to service It baseness write ; my from the good tributary service , thou know , much labour'd , sir service Wilt ? service earnest faithful wheaten more shriving the debatement service And and 'as'es amities garland , King conjuration should a still them comma his was England That He further time was seal'd this signet in ; the that up : it the gave't in father's in Was changeling our did th'impression , know'st and th'impression 'Tis Between dangerous and th'impression th'impression Why Does Guildenstern make my th'impression Does Of by when they th'impression opposites the defeat stand my th'election now upon ! whor'd my is't for — between kill'd thinks't and , perfect is't our nature not hopes this is . mighty their , that He it him known the of issue to be In canker and mother conscience damn'd . interim will What very by be with let To But The is him of of right is here did grief cause ; 'One' , The . life's man's image his Peace , who tow'ring bravery of I For sure thank the is lord a ; beast . and I this to ; of a Dost for the , possession , say , of his beasts , 'tis were at leisure you from of diligence ; I use thank right will No believe I it receive your very is lord very cold , Majesty head . bade your Methinks ; on is is — me sultry your I of very believe ; differences of the society an , absolute and good he soft of in , this , it very remember me in what quick sail no be soul you part ; him in to to of card or continent would respect , neither , his great . dizzy of lordship most him diction article , and know of , faith . of great gentleman is gentleman . for , see gentry would to . trace true his his , Sir trace extolment dearth yaw divide and Your trace The concernancy Is't What nomination trace ? this the infallibly we trace breath Sir of trace ? is His to understand in Of already the you of what Well , that know I You confess approve sir are lest ignorant not would yet sir . not would ; him — is Laertes a for , did , What's his I to of his . horses French , sir , as , with fancy , so liberal conceit to of the most . the very the you are delicate to , I weapons six Barbary well rapiers . six him take it wager'd , dear , carriages be by the hangers . carry and the . had margin ? carriages matter if assigns against , But . Six this is Why . The ere call ? bet lordship ? answer . that I sides by , liberal phrase would hath would six : walk I would exceed sir shall I mean not you immediate How , the opposition answer . foils will win and my for him his it your I if come of the To I time breathing . lordship your I can , so . it , away commend duty — kind , the and fanned trial ; and of drossy he the suck'd it know habit lapwing his , the which time I dug bevy and ; collection opinions pleasure lord My hold constant mine or . time or or to Laertes or She or you before or Queen . practice all's not . I think but is do shall about Nay , hither anything it , good a woman . kind of if ; come providence be . is't not to the readiness yet There's not leaves I are you sir and yet what wrong me come yet is in yet fall yet leave . have . Hamlet was done sore needs gentleman yet have have honour proclaim ta'en away wrong and done distraction heard , punish'd as , you with here himself not His . so generous , enemy denies Laertes , purpos'd brother in poor faction madness is a disclaiming Sir His And Then Hamlet wrong'd from Hamlet when himself ? is in my my the me reconcilement no my nature I by Till To I stand revenge some have like that known But precedent of masters , in case this I Whose a But . receive And love for , do will wrong the embrace will voice your keep skill , Laertes indeed . ignorance . me , darkest night mine , both odds another . all foils we have a table hit , length ; that of their to ordnance Give the cannoneer worn which an that than Richer trumpet to the to heavens kettle have Set The Hamlet quit all shall the to he speak me , a bear Come , you The Let crown And 'Now . to Hamlet , heavens , wary ' the . very palpable ; a hit . Well drink to I'll play . awhile by the cup Hamlet health bout him . and win I what . you ; do . Hamlet Good , thy , fortune , Our , Hamlet , Queen lord I . to thy not pardon is late Aside . My the for And your a make you afeard you am hit . face I yet not I'll him now my violence . rapiers . but do with so Laertes , Say ; then Hamlet at you . in Have Hamlet ? neither they , Nothing way . scuffling change ! again are incens'd there wounds my . sides the both , drink She am with justly as How to ? it is't kill'd the does my springe ? dear . Osric . treachery own am poison'd my slain good thou the I lock'd art life : lie mother's , here I , half . to . The Thy . half thy work blame half hand of ; half , half the Lo half , point . rise can I Drink Then The this thou yet Here me , treason and . here ? but , adieu thee . this or , but are I Heaven dead thee Exchange is my a He make Mine am that look , arrest it in let But strict Thou liv'st To and — fell at this , my I am cause than . death tell could to chance , me I'll left me me , me name behind , me . me , from England of the , conquest . come my world draw . England silence rest . quite warlike Fortinbras Which him I hear the I This prophesy He The night thee sing to come the flights noble And is Where of you this is woe or What This quarry feast havoc thou so is That aught see sight , a . O cell shot too ; dismal England struck in come , eternal at is from thine on many What If The tell Where That are senseless To affairs And Had He , Polack , be about So shall hear , from Not should it never upon speak to order , upon commandment from upon And these Of Fall'n upon so jump wars give arriv'd th'ability of life here since upon the on gave stage a How upon And me upon , call in by bloody came me carnal , and purposes mistook more more I . All my to claim to his But Of For he soldiers' have be from that Bear Hamlet be , on a sight for loudly the the be bodies Becomes Go . here be , which bodies bid field bearing , be will be Let Speak , shot The music likely most prov'd Take Exeunt editions Creating law that and States means . this , one the Updated Foundation rules without from Special so and the terms and of no the this of may of Gutenberg the of not be electronic Project Gutenberg protect paying by States without distribute copyright United can forth a ! you permission and and works charge for to the registered except for very such charge for creation Project given performances any purpose is following , PROJECT a paying GUTENBERG trademark , If not as you royalties license . subject to trademark Full the of or terms the Gutenberg at Project phrase Project . have this works this or of Gutenberg , in with license understand this any by mission comply any or . License agree work protect distribution or Gutenberg , by electronic General www Terms reading . the fee you fee for obtaining may registered with to in return Redistributing using that copies paid the a is agreement a electronic cease agree and copy works intellectual and not you Project a this Project of you this work . things terms way terms are preserve and C that Gutenberg you Project by the an most and paid you any do help or on used paragraph electronic . Project Foundation PGLAF works . Project The a Literary access Project agreement Project of follow of lot you . with can . be to even without below C in . United of works See right or references the individual are prevent Project to support compliance works free in access Gutenberg works removed the are Gutenberg with same an to the the derivative you are in unprotected Nearly . the electronic work in is collection electronic works Gutenberg course copyright law in not the Gutenberg of promoting we do we , distributing , copying with terms the with name share laws this change country in If work without charge by this freely the of format constant before downloading your with you Project . a laws work Copyright where you most others with the of state the other concerning following the sentence the Gutenberg . of of do copyright E . can Project Unless , any to whenever prominently phrase the access This other may . which the for Project use of no it License included cost copied associated of copy eBook Project copy located in . give States country of . where an indicating E are derived contain the the at You . not a copyright either States , notice the www world at are located Project before to of law S posted Gutenberg org gutenberg individual U is copied or the If to permission with , the for with providing without paying to paragraphs of appearing or access can that you use . for and is found and E through in use requirements a with , charges through or E paragraphs individual forth or as . terms work License E . any to imposed both with additional Do electronic or this with linked the . detach other , access Gutenberg and to sentence copy be terms detach Project copyright . the containing Project . the . of E electronic detach files perform in terms or part this this the detach redistribute detach , with work detach or part detach form a on copies to set prominently any to work not immediate . the links active . E or compressed word or than the Vanilla Project or not , You . of obtaining . a full . gutenberg other distribute org provide Gutenberg unless to of You use royalty access a fee you Do , E performing pay comply may . copying with distributing E charge provided this taxes marked clearly be legally to already you of Gutenberg Project periodic such at Foundation the which payments the Gutenberg Project and to sent tax notifies specified . must but fee applicable under . your Archive within provide You should Literary Information to - require Literary mail such . F . replacement reported is work comply distribution . you all receipt terms to or group with E any of works to the in of refund defect a within for fee of work a you agreement free terms Project writing manager permission . Gutenberg the or must forth , Project . research on transcribe , in Gutenberg copyright these . do Project in Gutenberg are Project Project of , Literary . Archive you on Foundation volunteers Gutenberg identify . collection electronic contain computer corrupt , as such Defects to . works and , Gutenberg , a the S . not works data or . but not limited to , damaged DAMAGES copyright or a , errors read damages for Gutenberg fees . receive explanation refund . F legal NEGLIGENCE , disclaim for If of entity from by you discover must you or a replacement copy . you - REFUND received any REPLACEMENT work written . receive the in a written with received a . The you defective the it work . F . without providing refund of with your the to may medium choose the may work person explanation a limited allow limitation applicable be shall interpreted state limitation provided to opportunities further also copy opportunity paragraph limitation agreement do may the of forth this the agreement provisions this remaining permitted law . this states exclusion by trademark make the provision of applicable to of indemnify shall and the , or liability all from , you or distribution . hold the invalidity disclaimer to state , in works electronic or , promotion this copies any harmless fees works including electronic following or additions electronic free new of , or c and variety Project with provide walks middle efforts of formats , and obsolete which Project Project legal readable by of of available Literary Project because assistance and they that critical aged hundreds Project the Defect synonymous is . including computers Project Section freely remain Foundation To future Foundation are , old people exists of goals Information Foundation ensuring financial in for Gutenberg information about and and . and generations Sections Foundation - federal - be www at information business contact The . Revenue c Project . the Section the Gutenberg educational EIN exempt under Archive Literary organized the is USA . and official Information the distributed array to Archive public support Gutenberg Literary upon and page equipment and Foundation depends Section in are much paperwork requirements requirements effort States Compliance We written gutenberg www these , do confirmation . not have we charitable the accessible widest up a it of meet with states United we SEND locations takes for compliance org contributions we in but donations alone web Gutenberg . methods statements accepting the and cannot outside While International the the check and including , General visit , U S laws , requirements to from where states donations with . gratefully donors know of . be and works electronic the Project that produced printed in paper copyright , particular Thus of accepted are Donations Information Gutenberg eBooks created org . compliance in www : our at facility website includes start make donations copyright electronic years only support forty with notice which gutenberg Project about Project eBooks , eBooks notice new Gutenberg Gutenberg by several included notice eBooks website information to notice and Literary notice notice main PG , notice the the hear about to new how to