! King Stand Stand Stand 'Tis Stand I . come Stand Have And Stand you this relief carefully most Get 'Tis bitter cold . heart guard ? night . stirring quiet mouse Well rivals If The of my meet watch ! Stand hear Friends liegemen farewell , has Welcome . of . him . along apparition speak appear him of to us come . your ears story the . have assail again two Last sit , so fortified this heaven myself from comes , it Look where King that's . it . Horatio . like harrows with Horatio wonder . to Mark the It Question would me that with the By fair See , charge away I . charge and usurp'st Together Stay ! you on't something ! think Is speak not art very th'ambitious thou As Such he smote the once 'Tis sledded he When So With martial the it , Polacks strange thought of work strange and strict and tell knows , task cannon observant he , hour dead this our . me But down So now this why Does least prick'd to , the even on side ; by to , him , seal'd heraldry , to those the competent , law ; by which , a who known which in Fortinbras ratified stood our inheritance of the ; Hath And been he fell Was So his motive lost watch the lands hand , in rummage those , our and our father source this Well The In A Did armed most mote it high and palmy the fell dead , sheeted star , of state question the is the of influence the the mightiest and of , to done voice , Stay use . comes fate grace and . walk in speak oft thy avoid , be life ! earth ! stand with 'Tis 'Tis Do if it will ! here ! being show malicious cock like when mockery crew have I a the , erring , trumpet to his or truth the and . spirit , of warning morn , sounding at and earth , shrill , made the faded on that say wholesome , nor , dawning our Saviour's no power planets night is birth singeth then so witch part clad , dare to stir russet have seen tonight is in by life to our duty fitting him with will , acquaint this morning , it , him speak my , know befitted us kingdom him of fought sorrow of , nature warlike a with and sometime with wisest discretion think queen , joy marriage . brother's of with state Or Our Colleagued fail'd be our late dream to disjoint of dear out For . that by to hath thinking this affair to his those time surrender pester advantage with bonds much to in ; nephew's and , the and us of , here Fortinbras of young So all writ for , impotent - rid , scarcely , made power old , Voltemand , your . our VOLTEMAND your , more . duty . the what's Laertes some of , nothing : it to no you this greeting further King dilated and , will show you , these haste What to , Denmark is The shall lose Than hand is be not What , heart mouth , thy the father came that , and wishes your bend leave father's hour fair his I . will laboursome lord my By now thy thy How more that it the look father that the lids must lives eternity to , seems not I with ; cloak Nay alone , customary windy suspiration fruitful river of of , black breath the of moods , denote , in inky it Why Ay is solemn good , man a . truly that trappings and within passeth your his in to lost a to for . and survivor persevere , common , fault to thing our be and cried , earth , he that still common theme hath us of died take today : to desire Wittenberg in . remain our our son of prayers to bend comfort cousin lose courtier cheer , you beseech most we chiefest Be Why shall I I King's that - smiling Sits This the too Or and this 'gainst O , canon resolve itself would a into flesh Everlasting slaughter weary to me the things ! and an this and of rank should not so much , two : not ! woman old uncle mine with tears . good — to , to father to to ever lord to break With It to glad see my , make to you same to And I am Sir , my that change from what see do what But We'll teach you , I Against make lord My prithee do , it my thrift met , Where — father Or My mind's upon I saw like again his for in all yesternight . him Who think . deliver to . while may hear watch the and them with thrice they surprised solemn march , father , pie - by and their Appears By And apparition thing they not speak dreadful them and with the they word ? watch address did to ? away , speak , once ; it shrunk it the , made My But But where where it did none lord motion sound And the then 'Tis vanish'd none I And we do And even it , none But at none to Itself none strange my very none and the but . duty me troubles . watch , Arm'd From lord My my , frowningly than anger ? his wore he in or sorrow in . pale eyes his , very upon constantly been Most fix'd would And one While MARCELLUS Longer Not It If I'll And it assume my father's pray tonight hap shall in peace . I this conceal'd your silence tongue ye , not well were is ; come , will blood nature toy a and the youth of primy lasting ; favour his . benefit . sleep not you doubt hear alone , waxes you and mind cautel bulk it Think nature Forward not perfume ; will no service more No but of he but his will nor is birth depends nor , he nor says to in his nor voice what main Then May As give your head nor the and as for ; not himself For nor himself sanctity the the so too ear weigh your list importunity so or rear your my of danger so is and Ophelia maid her so itself Virtue so galls The of the unmask canker 'scapes oft so she wary blastments liquid dew imminent else youth of in of be none though safety are and infants the in The If Too And I Youth As itself to me too long smiles grace for double father . you with . shame memory . vulgar no thy few character unto thou thy dull not soul hast , new each Of Give man that do them friends Take not man's thine , a habit as but , censure in fancy thy reserve few of thee voice , being but purse rich , but friend self day true . thee any to in , of itself edge both nor a lender proclaims generous thine as my , Farewell And This And it above Thou For loan oft dulls : then blessing to take false season be I , go I 'Tis So 'Tis told — of Hamlet you Lord said : oft bounteous yourself and on put very hath time me Marry your be that If As is , way do not so Given behoves , He And he been so daughter late You his such speak daughter of Give understand and me you daughter of You , as you think ; you yourself daughter Or Which — daughter Marry know wind yourself the a fool , dearly daughter me of for pay baby ; them girl , I'll teach ! do Unsifted Do fashion hath he countenance all holy his of . speech ; you'll the crack , it call In tenders more me . not lord , Ay Lends more When the tongue light Even . it heat : to your Than a Set something not promise burns catch to And , Ay With springes the You Be dye and sanctified like mere Breathing Than believe be And not Have Believe so may with much your command I As to't , words so beguile , you to in or Look would The to I I . hour What now eager ways . my very air an twelve . the season . walk , native is ; than the other observance nations I Is the Makes This clepe us us They by of Or breaking say plausive I be Nature's of birth oft though marrow and of The for their Since cannot habit , manners of — as general the else infinite of virtues Carrying His Being of . substance own The take may of doubt a dram evil ! of us ministers Angels airs thee a spirit from or damn'd ! comes it intents with such Be heaven a or blasts defend . thee in . O questionable from goblin to , not thy corse , marble the in charitable Dane Dane bones his ponderous ; why inurn'd Dane and quietly cerements the hideous night So thoughts beyond Dane shake and fools disposition our What our Dane ? Dane , glimpses Dane Revisit'st thou this Wherein With why is the Wherefore go impartment ground it . with removed . more what a alone of it you to did it . courteous go not with to , it . lord , I'll it ? fee that to ? beneath into assume o'er deprive you if And might there place motive puts And Which Without me me It , not go waves me it so me And off me not . lord me , you hardy makes As as each me fate And I , desperate Nemean My am heaven I'll , Let's follow with imagination follow me . thee . state direct in issue it will rotten after Heaven him , come myself . tormenting and almost sulph'rous Must to Speak art So And the foul thou Make To God this didst blood God thy List . God God murder is God God best . love fat wharf orchard ear my death , youth , than be May that know thy thou of process crown his did my weed beast power , Denmark life ! soul adulterate traitorous gifts with that his virtuous was ; it angel bed celestial garbage scent I on And methinks But ! So With an enmity as swift such leperous it of . blood instant like most - All with vile and body tetter eager like my smooth blossoms , made reckoning O With in even off all disappointed sent , unanel'd of at a . brother's by my head . not ; my to but the Unhous'led the thou aught that , his her bosom well thee to near once ? seat ! instant memory holds ? pressures records of all and all forms , copied all away from distracted stiffly ghost the trivial table fond all thee my volume Yes . matter pernicious smiling I is villain it , most and , villain O My , be smile and sure am smile , Meet . I may , HORATIO 'Adieu , I lord My and Lord remember . come ! lord . it think us i' right ; this the at part , circumstance are you that hath every your it so fit hold without , Why And For as , You is it wild and And Saint no , that this me , but Touching now is't , lord ? you MARCELLUS swear't we make What My , have my lord HORATIO , what In , I Nor faith my my , lord lord . lord Swear . faith my , on Swear this Swear gentlemen sword ground . we'll upon that my . in fellow this hear you speak have . my . seen you sword . heard . this but of Hic And speak Swear Beneath mole and O old worthy , A Well Once more ! Canst work and , times perchance seeing of pronouncing you 'Well With , list we you such ambiguous speak' aught ; antic or of dreamt as strange I encumber'd arms That Here Than , How Or Or , Swear . me and So That May With Rest , t'express lack on your man spirit I love a Let lips spite cursed not his , perturbed so do mercy me . Swear in , pray together O . us set go Reynaldo these will this money , was I shall , did visit Before Give I my My well and company , well lord said me What , at means , question , it they make , behaviour his intend said . it I very ; encompassment Danskers expense will father distant demands some you mark and you and ; of him of his touch , knowledge well ; 'not and ; him wild of that so , heed , and known usual none and and , far dishonour it scandal breathe but and my they and may put and incontinency ; and and . blood good lord liberty him . quaintly so mind drift warrant soil'd little is thing Mark , it these seen you him the of breathe with , you prenominate assur'd be , consequence ; 'gentleman' would , addition . or and , sir By mass And then sir What He , I was I then was him bait , Your Videlicet Or And thus By former I You . and assays of bias See you not you . out have ? Farewell ply him Ophelia , what as Hamlet hat upon , in the Alas My he of speak With , knees been had as his And As for said all held wrist the and ? he , of his brow , it ; so mine piteous shatter over head That . without his . up of o'er hand such . a thus . it little . to falls He draw . head a seem went light without . he find his did being with it way go of ecstasy King . itself heaven undertakings words did denied late , of I you command judgement and . heed he did jealousy age my beshrew being the to . kept we But as . opinions our proper common cast To , Rosencrantz long , th'exterior did dear we that Welcome The And so on To That since little from much Whether , you your , unknown our remedy afflicts youth of that th'understanding his and our and to young so cannot More than death of so brought to you within , you our remembrance receive power majesties your Put at , more into of you profit of king's the , here To , too Thanks changed you be , gentle instantly , where . Rosencrantz of you some visit , is our to , hold as , do I of to trail the of that do fruit admittance to that hath he distemper that , main . in marriage o'erhasty the but other of , bring feast great them ? Norway brother greetings sent Welcome , father's death His Most Upon be a borne ; from his Norway of which rebuke give Whereon so better your into Highness , Norway thousand vow before Receives That Go Meantime your rest And What day since but Therefore Why Were business and liege madam night be the , is to expostulate is , time and of flourishes mad , be but call will I And is it tediousness But that go nothing be . for remains no : no 'tis for true true 'tis I , is pity out , say a daughter this soul's idol whilst by , is beautified is Perpend Ophelia — vile ? a phrase but , Doubt But I , that I , This in And fell they As love ill best , hath daughter this by to , means place , have . I most my , time best whilst obedience his honourable might you think , faithful think receiv'd of hath how a As What prove man of would When me As me I me had hot must love tell me here or queen with I then herself took — a me the , me thence this into his gave her , precepts I sadness then by into he wherein Into Take If truth Where were find otherwise ' know fain , that , lead hid though me it prov'd know he try is such a Be If look the If poor comes If reading good If my . If God a How board If , wretch you , O my fishmonger ? lord is man ? goes true very maggots carrion a dead dog lord my ten sun Conception . daughter may . conceive th' sun Still was much a harping on . my . blessing is . Aside ? my to truly speak What the the is . sir For their the that mean faces satirical matter gum , Into of yet air , there . hits , air , prosperously so could Indeed , are suddenly , honourable My You sanity replies Though this . Will my Aside on . often be of will I , lord not A that happiness means , from anything my , Lord . lord Hamlet save God the , seek My Polonius To ; sir , you honoured dear Good . good My not button ; of . both do , are her ? lord . cap we children , lads are the over not ye how that Fortune's Neither soles indifferent the As my - very in the is grown honest a prison hither ? deserved my to you Prison Denmark there one being which to We o' confines worst my , me prison To for not many think Then is lord and . substance dreams of king mind your for . myself narrow bad that a of is ; nutshell so . shadow the for light a . so of God infinite space merely and th' I beggars to court For . with the . I , even thanks am I , justly with . is there ? I visitation free halfpenny but . occasion . a dear ; lord ? and . of sent good To confession . But should we You Queen our by even be , teach in to . colour , let , of me and , To I , then , lord I , will your , you tell of know the of My , an off of Guildenstern have of exercises most firmament of in . of an What no this canopy , it King were , shall my moult all and Queen my no mirth my why in noble foul me heavily a , fretted a golden with and god , nor , of in reason , how this woman the admirable beauty is so in not delights seem to say thoughts neither . sere shall tickle to are players freely to gratis shall laugh whose knight shall king the to you Even those to they How clown of to and shall it to their think hold estimation they so chances the lady shall say What of ? they residence , travel Their both . the better comes I , comes How their Do the No keeps of afraid , if both for a nation no holds money , the player went ; writers ? not say the in question been throwing carry unless has not that , is would , ducats this it . his . come , which the out than there are , a garb north mad In uncle my north my - fashion and appear like more But of is extent should . to , west handsaw ear not be - deceived ? lord , there , Guildenstern : prophesy you Happily baby they . each honour hither ass historical either - for tragedy pastoral heavy - too comedy for the , poem , men . individable too the only thou my lord , he liberty of Jephthah 'One treasure which Aside I What judge daughter loved well love I ? ' daughter . lord , wot know like . comes abridgement my all . old welcome my , thou beard your nearer Denmark is Thy am you As then God will pious . Com'st By'r by uncurrent . see of you piece are all welcome quality a speech Come straight What speech to't cracked chopine within a once the , We'll , and caviare to above thee speak not , heard by very affectation nor digested in general such a , in the tale let there said at of Aeneas' , of author cunning , whose play The It in of in wholesome it foot , arms sable see : it , speech and thereabout live , it . whose the this begin , line , not his lay this , with in the and , Roasted with you Priam , o'ersized So carbuncles , thus eyes God Rebellious , To With like grandsire . falls father Old seeks . good spoken Greeks , command to Repugnant at with Seeming the Priam For on , Priam as a reverend Did neutral But as like heavens death we the winds bold as hush region , and the after the dreadful thunder , work take eterne bleeding proof hammers - a , than take never less falls , and down Prithee or take . on ? take he . take take . beard , queen' . lank in fear — up , steep'd queen' rheum diadem would make treason th'alarm stood all with and , and loins caught limbs then pronounc'd have see husband's her a for , flames . seen this had if you more , his in eyes see he players the have I'll you not And has passion colour instant made burst where no , will . well no well , no speak no thee no of you chronicles than and . no sirs your after more less should 'scape no bodikin , they man , they lord My Follow , much I deserve We'll hear a play tomorrow some could not him I'll Elsinore to . welcome Good You are lord . so soul working in force a monstrous rogue wi' my that this slave player own of a in fiction , eyes and ye b' his conceit For drown the cleave That That And forms A Like A And and guilty , eyes - made pate me off whose Upon damn'd calls to the beard my by 'Swounds deep me as I make To But have offal fatted - I am I this , With the was nose should all , lack this th' ? face i' , brave ! most murder'd hell and father a ! This dear whore like by miraculous proclaim'd the have their soul , drab Foh a at of sitting With Before him something That guilty though no . I'll perhaps have and , my father looks melancholy have play's The the catch I'll from him no puts harshly why he by can Grating you distracted means ? this the all speak himself no by feels will But we with would we Nor from does But confess forward some a gentleman . pastime certain Of to any ? we joy , already . the court Majesties , my , shall , Gertrude have , leave lord , Hamlet lawful ourselves father and frankly , here . delights espials , encounter his love is obey no or . suffers , him thus I gather may Ophelia , behav'd he , he Ophelia part shall That We be th'affliction for That Hamlet's your And Will , show — such an to oft . may it wish Gracious Ophelia exercise . devil prov'd do 'tis O speech doth too himself . Aside a lash cheek ugly to deed my the beautied , burden plastering art , it . withdraw Than not be The Whether by Or And The Devoutly that sleep be heart Must makes calamity pause — shuffled off and man's scorns long mortal . delay , spurns the takes law's and might a something dread of under would quietus the time , of contumely make bear , his from puzzles undiscover'd sweat bear know of of us we those you . in Nymph , Soft turn moment thought all , bourn the ills we not ? well of , did breath well sweet not not . not ? not lost not you compos'd mind unkind noble the not their prove honest lord than lord with honesty ? honesty lord beauty time lord the from lord discourse lord transform of the than a paradox me . inoculate so you have we believed not thee it to put . in were ambitious them , should was . to honest better with , knaves should a revengeful that thoughts ? We What in fellows believe your I do crawling Go fool the he . Farewell heavens , him you thee Or monsters wilt ! shalt Farewell you escape calumny marry not thy marry , of needs quickly what and yourselves are married are . o'erthrown ! sword , state form quite vows wretched , deject his music and harsh youth , reason , way see of woe O have affections what ecstasy I That Like T'have what doubt , in he do demand : quick which on do in brood the determination with shall different neglected for do hatch tribute countries , in his do heart think expel speed , do him you I do grief do , of now believe his said , play ? please , you as the confine . the him you think . where , round him trippingly , air very torrent too the not Nor . many it acquire saw players you to your do - of pated . the nothing ears fellow - of o'erdoing . It . you . whipped - inexplicable - a groundlings to - and , nature the whose modesty word honour action of the , the but , own which one this the cannot not made the . I the bellowed the — highly be must Christians the , them the that the sir . not and , with us play of a ? work . most clowns them of your spectators be barren the ready that ? art thou e'en What lord ! at just service flatter ; thee withal a . cop'd conversation Nay , do may candied the follow fawning hinges . For that , for soul think I hope I what clothe , thrift could thee suffering herself mistress tongue should but nothing suffers blessed may And let the my one Whose That To sound they blood As Hast ta'en what stop please . for well co rewards . was dear A That In Which scene a thee , comes tonight in his that of comment damned eyes will will after both his heedful have as we are to that Give my is I And not mine itself a Do In detecting whilst will others . our fares How Rosencrantz , I , Queen and dish Hamlet : place so capons I , i' . once mine air . you good play'd ? was enact are . kill'd calf there you you accounted you a actor you Brutus you Be . you your here's ? stay , lord mother here's O , here's lord my meant here's . your lap matters here's my head here's . maids' I nothing , lie between . father my months and two months devil . suit merry ? I'll forgotten shall , O suffer not But Then . year , he and him he yet ? else is ' a O and bank half , and , wear outlive him in comes , passionate in away unwilling dead body is , dead of poison him Lays in King three or She of him Queen epitaph horse - hobby of King She off . his . exits , Enter of takes declines his head it , finds seems of his ; of Belike Marry imports means miching mallecho mischief , in Poisoner The . counsel ashamed cannot players show this know show this you ? show what : the fellow . him Will this by that naught shame not , Here We a You lord my or beg to hearing the love . bands , late . state distrust I extremity , aught love my women's neither my what from cheer , is woe far love fears I Make So That distrust you For Now , And Where belov'd thee , love my proof and little must powers their husband O husband ! do shortly : fear grows love great : and , this needs Wormwood but my kill I second time you Aside second . thrift of When base kisses what the in doth to forget that 'tis , Most fall like but poor validity be debt , tree . the sticks ourselves or joy grief the necessary enactures a makes should joy our lead shall friend try lack never , or us our fortunes change accident slender grief with needs man fortune question not loves is down , doth Directly ours thoughts Our are think die But That , thou me give when thy to that food from Sport what , once she . Ophelia , and , tedious fain leave ever I it and be , well pursue widow Sweet day deeply you much too spirits come there ; no Is ? argument protests lady but no jest play . Tropically poison word . th' world a : of image Baptista not Let . o' . to us , his are work This name it our a Gonzago call you do What Mousetrap ; that one ; nephew withers souls free have gall'd and see majesty done I is your good the . see . could are my , bellow , damnable time seeing drugs , thrice ban Thou With Hecate's natural wholesome On Thy His Gonzago's . rises for's magic blasted life rank , dire midnight of else mixture him is my with lord some o'er Give , the Lights For , sir some , must runs watch The So Turk get , fortunes shoes For Jove very himself , perceive — O now . a the . Come very some if ! then For , it the with . perdie . history of sir — you word . me a him start would perhaps so plunge not hath , affliction , pronounce spirit of frame some from far my , most not answer is wholesome of the I , welcome are you tame am your you The you not you answer wholesome can you a , What Sir you you I But into my ! behaviour can my Therefore Make diseased . my lord . My , my you my , say my — mother , say amazement you no my go me speak to I ? once did of cause own your , liberty is so And lord door what I lack deny distemper griefs to , have while me wind recover recorders you when be but the if my lord the Let my be would if you play To — as , duty you . My lord pray , bold of the , that too . 'Tis , beseech thumb eloquent cannot these beseech utterance these , beseech the I would beseech beseech me lowest you beseech make , Look with . to now you you seem how to sound know any much ? speak Call you bless God , me pipe you there on can you than fret you would cloud mass it It backed a to . come by and by whale a like and by easily now churchyards this do . I as day itself could , cruel Nero be will Let and to , use not enter Soft , now nature thy . daggers tongue My How them To . somever none shent be but firm not lose soul heart , somever her this soul be speak somever I like never somever words my nor him seals somever his somever you stands range will near Out and will The And I to England estate of us hourly your of ; weal The a . upon Dies on Are summit . a mount when the and armour 'noyance but many , a fear . and fetters goes too free sigh you We I Each huge adjoin'd annexment the Arm Fix'd and ten thousand but , general voyage closet tax mother's myself upon , For will will to . And vantage nature the My I'll tell Since And hear process . arras I'll was than , partial Fare , offence Thanks my , dear , eldest can as curse my strong I rank defeats brother's blood the this , not , as sharp sweet visage enough Whereto mercy world of since But O me I'll to fall heavens serves , force am the th'offence the there , and of and the evidence What , 'tis oft the true nature But shove seen gilded out Buys may Offence's no teeth . bosom may death , free Make may to faults then forehead may can repent ! rests action justice may , may new sinews may be well . is . strings ! of assay praying ; then ? May same full save thought , heaven flush as broad . our his his , sole his villain am so And heaven And A father stands And know asleep of thou season'd him with audit father this my circumstance and in the th'incestuous , gaming That , physic The that his Then At he in pleasure relish his of as My sickly and rises never but will his come him you . Look your here him to bear to with . between , with been . round straight to thoughts hath silence screen'd him . Hamlet now tongue . mother wife so husband's , forgot ? are You to you those down set thou you go sit I may do wilt ho A ? O , a for , O I Almost with rash and is bad kill As king my rash , lady thy a thee of busy word as his marry Ay brother . fortune , I ; sit , is . intruding 'twas better made is proof have of , penetrable bulwark Peace too for That it wring find'st To Polonius be braz'd it down — a plucks contraction O innocent rose custom against sense thy index ? the and and front herald - was grace counterfeit a presentment picture and thunders what sick Ay Hyperion's An A like what New your your wholesome this fair Ha ! have you you eyes feed leave Have judgement sure what , What hath , thus without feeling cozen'd , quantity of devil that you , and Sense tame ; for your age sure but ; ne'er sight ? sense sans , sense was't in in wax as matron's where ! a in , is no charge burn in , will actively gives . be virtue in Proclaim the in , in soul . speak into eyes , see in but and their to sweat to more These O A Of A cutpurse that speak no more mine ! and it pocket his in A . precedent a put empire . lets chide ? sits blunted her eye hold in . flame cool on Lest this cause with conjoin'd him form him Sprinkle . and Nothing at ; whom see do did there that but nothing hear . away liv'd ! out at coinage where , My , look it ? is brain . ecstasy of bodiless This is as yours It is not madness Mother will . word keep - film skin trespass that healthful very as from not gambol And pulse . time , madness which , to ; test soul , come ; it bed . doth you mine uncle's half of it who , purer the But Assume Good Yea , curb , O Hamlet And night monster habits likewise that Of He aptly next almost either wondrous And I'll For so same more or good bles'd pleas'd it me well minister , out this be with . answer remains : behind this scourge , and do , you . do that again you pair cheek for , a neck no bloat your madness out his of matter in fair good am essentially . but a from , would a you in to hide Who sense on in I 'Twere despite from No dear that's That mouse , a , not this know wise ? famous like words , life of I Such , concernings the , birds the basket neck to two on fang'd . I so , my , go enginer work shall moon delve own the as seal'd forgot adders must Let have , petard me bear And They I marshal with But letters will trust to and 't their meet directly O , counsellor most knave you Come most in to Is Mother , lug was Who still , most these must matter translate my , Ah , Bestow Which Mad It had His Alas , have keep like would mad But the To not it from owner so , he it was fit our some gone kill'd , excuse and both Friends we The O no Gertrude But We And And Transports As My hit level untimely , the his Gertrude we'll o'er woundless is soul . Who Hamlet and stowed and discord , it What What noise you done my it bear , that to ? what and , counsel soaks officers that , sir Take an swallowed squeezing them , authorities Ay not be own mine sponge countenance service , jaw be shall best , he when understand I must King A , but thing my ! King is not and sleeps a the The with go — to and this strong the that him him . body ! their and reliev'd desperate must scourge seem , grown , pleasure . us in where's supper supper ? he where eats , at to and worms king alas ! king a . your . certain for for two fat maggots of and guts worm of mean a a but Nothing Send show man month , place th'other within seek this . Hamlet him He will Attendants . seek till stay a Ay , that My flesh . As on England Pays After And That Away , my us By sovereign letters death must Go Captain Tell Craves him , to process like cure haps my hectic the , the his And I duty his promis'd of conveyance know would . us ; my softly are part them sir of Who old it The nephew , it sir . in be Norway yield , rate will ducats , should Pole addition patch with no little a That five Will That dies I'll with be chief to and after godlike gave , such large reason revenge . occasions my If Be Sure he fust capability and A ? unus'd . th'event scruple one , know , and , me , prince event danger to great quarrel at stir to the greatly argument my a How mother stain'd , shame men death thousand my blood I of death death trick fight for a , continent cause forth death death death , then and to see says father have ? be needs speak her indeed pitied distract hears yield , nothing , thoughts thought yet be them , unhappily with might , there think , one collection use it fit up words the her make There's The Yet but enviously i' Spurns That , And How beauteous of true ? love and one your I hat shoon what , lady Alas At At his , his a dead is Nay mark the Alas - you How , love the bewept look White , but They know say , baker's lady . pretty sweet do to daughter you they your , at be . be table out maid a . make I'll and , Alack she , to my yonder wed bed . been hath good ; so think all to . it give her good sweet for you ladies lay . she long him your good Come , My night ; poison and inter to Divided and own unwholesome son Polonius' When All O , battalions in gone which herself mugger - hugger Feeds on Wherein And Her , and is as wants not buzzers of speeches and necessity nothing , In With Will ear Alack my The Than your O'erbears Eats What Switzers as world props Laertes . Danish they were . dogs were false on counter were were were this let's were give me . Sirs The is are — are , you all are are are are vile bastard door harlot the unsmirched proclaims chaste door is cuckold Even That What him drop door Laertes brow . our , door fear not Gertrude will door of treason . so doth peep . Let man . door him is such divinity but art Acts That go thy rebellion the between true mother my Of , looks thus Let . my his a king would , me it : him dead both dare How To That and allegiance he damnation Conscience Let Most the comes stay you the all I'll far know is't , well ? And his , good That a Like Why kind life with , child now and a them am am as shall guiltless father's death . Let does eye . Tears mine O . Ophelia ! May , sister , 'tis of loves . sister . sister sister on , nonny many a tear hey , sister move call could not and my ! sister - thus you , 'Down wheel - down is there , it becomes a This false steward . And . Sundays I . remembrance for would you . They died joy he you some must and O ; give all is passion and come to again ? dead bed . snow he he he again , death thy , not no , He Go His is we mercy on gone poll as again . b' God ? God God . moan soul commune hear direct and your right . Go but apart , soul not our by judge 'twixt you wisest or friends give , earth , his o'er obscure formal . me pray So must sword rite , be noble No To give it burial ostentation call't as in , his is you They have . in know do , Sailors they say What be , as was . thee you bless I should not , Reads fellows and the ourselves old 'Horatio Finding in , two ship mercy slow what I , am . their became I so with ear letters did they compelled us we a instant . fly death I sent I on him we they hold thee fellows are they to ; They were have too me : thee . Farewell , for that brought you , for course . them you your seal for friend , knowing these , slain ear these But . a with noble , nature tell life and your else unsinew'd all , mainly your So As You may yet Which could to the , Is Why his the to spring gyves a so challenger her Stood perfections . your not we it That But mount noble desperate may of . are let For Break can That my , you love ourself more , He I they ! him my were , Leave say . eyes . your I the recount strange thereunto to . naked set them them Of mighty asking it is this Know some 'Tis What kingdom I am should it , so lord me o'errule peace will how . own checking more exploit To As thine To But you it to at the an Under it it which he shall no shall you might could will it accident be the right . it it ? quality regard , gallant , horseback doing and shapes he did - demi he . thought seat his and natur'd , this horse , of . what So . my of . was't Norman A The very of of I well of him of know And He of Lamord all the the is all . such rapier all your exercise be The , motion you them neither all . nothing coming he Now all sudden o'er out all What Laertes all of out face think you ask love , it , do , accidents sigh undertake , would quick , changes in ? church 'would' many are as you like hands ; delays : th'ulcer is , tongues this are then by 'should' what a But . easing throat indeed no , those heads and , you , free foils have , To No More than in , double from all may in and little He pass shuffling do't your father contriving practice my mountebank . rare sword it knife so . touch I'll thing virtue in , Will Where that that blood draws unction , have death point performance should means moon , further that if think . and this time If . this this , you are that on motion wager did Should ha't make A And If We'll make When ! have not assay'd look through . second your purpose may your venom'd nonce whereon , to your let might I'll me — sister's Queen sweet upon his a in O doth woe Our by - liberal maids dead nettles tread , long weeds call up , be not , melodious with their drink lay spread down When - that the her element , Alas death is drown'd thou nature trick And therefore drown'd ? hast that blaze lord fain forbid our say shame It water rage folly , Adieu When my , But . custom tears ; woman what of this will a have The much I to follow fear I this fire But , had will follow . his it give she tell How in seeks her wilfully . The three , and , wittingly do herself hear to and argal an lies act , stands good ; he him own drown nill death For : to goodman , been ? If more buried the And drown or hang themselves is no makers had not crowner's to , Will you ha' out the Why out out he out dost Could ? thou out out I'll The put , had none arms to . the , mason thou does gallows outlives a thousand well answerest — may carpenter ill to gallows how , shipwright But or , tell can now that thee me tell Marry Mass , I . To't , cannot for , your dull ass . doomsday , did , daintier land How . might my morrow , such lord to - beg chapless revolution the on't Mine , a spade but , to sheet be ; is guest a pit a For , and , his not his that not suffer have fine pate full in's fines a cases his his of more and vouch recoveries . statutes a , he shovel his , of time great his , fines a pair of box , ha will . made to be meet thou indeed for is therefore think thine , not away it for dig dost For ? rest . taken card three these years must the is age the One What How it , of o'ercame Fortinbras that ? came - maker his the grave a How long ? Hamlet you young Cannot all near i' th' , I galls , Lord courtier grown the been England shall great matter his sent he wits into the into England day he he men the there , Very seen in him ; there . say losing what he laying in year nine eight if he be not rotten the die th'earth . years will a before . A than he nowadays , long scarce Why hide a skull his Here's dead water . so your whoreson mad it , Nay was ? Whose . twenty , A . And water is . was ! not do - I fellow's rogue same thousand of oft My is his fellow see Horatio borne your songs me me once for him skull This Let on not gorge jest skull infinite rises , of hath chop an — Prithee ? that , grinning her laugh her let ? o' this E'en E'en And To dust base what of till stopping Why find curiously him my , Horatio , uses we Alexander return to too . it But jot noble to . whereto and to a a soft Mourners that faith , to Alexander likelihood , buried and make loam of beer dead which winter's to was he away the t'expel keep barrel Queen ! their , Queen hole stop aside Queen follow . estate Queen . doth This Queen 'Twas , King the The Queen That Queen Fordo Couch we What youth was far ? been Mark ? order else have She And we but As Her Of here , No sage And violets To Must maiden strewments Lay Scattering flowers spring minist'ring As to peace i' - parted souls , Farewell ; maid thy thy dead while , a earth in the Pelion thy Of emphasis stars wand'ring What wonder thy Like thy pile of thy such the an Conjures For Which with Thou take me fingers take . The not not Yet Hamlet theme . quiet wag this , thousand wilt Could Make up For , he Millions if outface quick buried of prate a rant This is golden the mere fit on madness of on pate acres his Singeing And I The pray will I Strengthen We'll patience the Gertrude , thee , good it may day . him push present the to in Horatio last shall a over proceeding shortly patience in much Sir And deep be would Worse So prais'd Our divinity , in a plots rashness mutinies is scarf'd find their own - forgetting ; royal fears mine them Finger'd Grop'd Their them To grand Oh Larded the to head them No not bugs goblins and stay supervise health them no leisure grinding struck ? them them be be it thou be commission be read , how be make the a did of be yeoman's what ? thou much , my from , between should The write hold to it , fair did forget that Ay An me effect earnest As was still like and the As should Not , Why I was the : up gave't - it Subscrib'd The sea Now to this plac'd , the other sequent , go . to't already and , Thou man , They dangerous when baser the opposites . points incensed king mighty fell ; to their my conscience own did and hath kill'd my thee , my is't for my perfect not king th'election — cozenage thinks't , what Why Popp'd , it He quit must And out between that To is will But portraiture Into his of I'll . bravery the sure who comes tow'ring here passion court did . me ? favours put his cause I , 'One' ; say to good . to vice lord this Denmark to . good Dost know 'tis a ; of as I say He back you lordship waterfly for a dirt his spirit . at . and very at indeed , 'tis lordship cold , lord , 'tis , is at my . northerly . at cannot tell at wind . at 'tis , the diligence thank ; hot to remember you bade Sir signify faith laid has he matter most Sir , society an good , in , on I ; of him , showing great a of of here is full Indeed gentry calendar , infusion to . for , gentleman know in , nothing . semblable the ; his . him umbrage him , of diction trace make soul in rareness and dearth such extolment I and to , we breath speaks lordship sail . But infallibly wrap ? Why would him respect his definement suffers his a as be dizzy of of great to else most Sir The to understand in Laertes . all's you this , golden , in , what approve ; sir You . him are not , it , in . laid , is him himself , his ; are , did , lest man but the unfellowed imputation . weapons But of weapon . it six and of very , I and fancy two and Rapier his as , girdle Barbary six ere matter are by , more would six it german to be swords might French that's the imponed this Barbary The sides horses would knew be carriages laid ? nine . you vouchsafe for between laid on you bet assigns . hangers their and three cannon Danish trial is it gentleman of please his if will for the so Shall , it would come , effect , sir ; after your lordship flourish your will else tongues there , turn I commend this well commend it himself nature . has , kind fanned yeasty only and and of most a trial — he bubbles , young . He Laertes him with in , now . they follow or Now are be time Osric take whensoever Laertes play you Queen you before or that King's provided able I continual ill . wouldst , odds this She The not do instructs , France . heart the he here so think wager into lose Nay but is . good such lord but my , about my a kind I . woman gain . a it perhaps ; obey , to are will . in providence will , leaves a say special yet and what , take Hamlet of has man come me How Roughly when Then Hamlet does it faction His himself not madness . wrong'd If't denies Laertes , it . so and madness was ta'en wrong does be ? enemy ; should in this revenge I And most evil the generous purpos'd , is be will no terms of masters my stir , play . foils frankly . it . of time . sir on love , Laertes , foil your ; me one in i' like fiery Come shall star for I'll be the them I But me do not he has Grace Your since King shall drink an that which of the stoups the quit the answer their ordnance second or the battlements the Give successive throw union kettle to heavens . the to , Hamlet judges the you And wary Come heavens ' . trumpet he kings the eye , to bear , on , the . No . very hit palpable a . Judgement thine Hamlet cup it ; the him Here's drink this again Another touch Come , A I'll by . confess I Queen Here hit He's brows Hamlet Our , take my scant fortune . by me . thy madam to . pardon and is I , It the . I Come afeard you you Say the pass third I Hamlet ; Part the Queen again Nay sides How they to it they , own they . treachery is they bleed How come they they with bleed ? to am , here No thee It Treachery the , villany ! in is there medicine Unbated itself rise more The , venom and LORDS . but . treason murderous friends point to am , union . poison He is not , thee chance act , sergeant to fell Horatio — could at this as — be report ; the Never am O cup good thus Let , hold live in awhile felicity , thy shall what As . standing yet believe it man by Heaven left than , Dane . a , behind wounded ; ever from thee this thou If Things Absent harsh tell warlike warlike ambassadors with conquest England Poland . Horatio - has the hear He occurrents is my lights voice . rest The . the does of noble heart Now Where this it What wonder come hither see sight havoc struck , would proud eternal search death thine princes many hast is dismal give ? our of be placed yet to speak on me give , things about these carnal Of came cunning and forc'd casual slaughters cause , bloody on , inventors' . purposes deliver and . So the unnatural this Truly . I it the hear to I sorrow noblest memory the on call us . invite doth cause presently are wild draw on speak voice whose some of mouth shall claim rights my vantage to was like , had he and Hamlet Bear For he To works that and without , rules of Special States one ! previous . after . renamed soldiers the , one renamed and distribute renamed paying it renamed the without not renamed renamed . copying renamed General distributing Terms GUTENBERG , royalties charge anything use for except registered paying do , If the trademark such — Project creation you . research given and with subject eBooks to promoting mission using by , Gutenberg or the the this org comply available associated . or If . you By , reading the all accept of Gutenberg . the destroy If . you bound or Gutenberg can There works help in and . Gutenberg C paragraph agree used of works States agreement . below Foundation . C or The works . a . the Nearly domain States , Of work as of Project freely . by of . derivative to an individual are work you Gutenberg in comply same with this works you If work it with The the access works from in copying based support to a free works its Gutenberg compliance the share Project creating you will references Project . can copyright attached of associated name with a check other Project downloading your . the addition based works concerning E . access phrase Gutenberg . on prominently phrase representations E agreement the other This for the of You . a the , is Gutenberg copied you - the distributed Gutenberg to work in a Project States references Gutenberg of removed the active appears , of world a all a this If have located a before . U individual gutenberg . electronic work does the this a not in anyone to distributed with S using a eBook with displayed the most laws the . check of . is , org . re it or comply are Project must the is phrase permission to Gutenberg posted or . the through you you is , the the imposed on of individual Project the the E . copyright of . copyright . work charges If fees any paying a . appearing providing associated with with requirements use in of . E . electronic work work terms . additional copyright by to the with be with an the paragraphs or work or this of Project the Gutenberg E beginning will unlink , or with perform of display files electronic work distribute Project . E , or Gutenberg a paragraph any associated this in this or form of convert may marked distribute Plain version . other . or to processing or hypertext Gutenberg used in a Plain works viewing . exporting format However distribute . other official , for E fee alternate format electronic . E . E . full copy or not performing copying may to access Do E . charge royalty of calculate fee fee Any of access Project as a of works taxes to of Project the to the You Project other ASCII . donate be Literary to Gutenberg already charge provided a pay use within . payments You you . copies . agree to . all possessed of the - Information Archive date . and sent returns Royalty all he that s . a reported replacement . and Project the not Gutenberg License all , distribution work a other user paid by of return , or must works you , within to with and or F , you of terms the days Gutenberg of terms a works fee on different terms free for terms Project and expend Foundation a Gutenberg this permission terms . the Gutenberg , terms proofread be Project creating other errors a , volunteers cannot a volunteers as medium but transcription , S these not , data corrupt intellectual other volunteers . F volunteers works electronic contain . or Replacement volunteers . of and volunteers by Gutenberg Defects Gutenberg . by Literary trademark you AGREE HAVE described , on defective by . F . paragraph in be or a including , by for to by Gutenberg , and work any Archive , by FOR expenses NO damages by REFUND YOU liability other this costs THAT a this with refund explanation you a with your the in RIGHT explanation the providing . written If receive second medium medium without Except you fix you . physical medium person money work OF within the electronic may on days of it by If medium person a a replacement medium of is medium opportunity entity copy lieu of . for the interpreted F . violates permitted damages . shall the provision remaining You trademark . agreement . F warranties F . limitation unenforceability of INDEMNITY this , providing with production , fees works including which you harmless cause b , work deletions additions the Mission Gutenberg distribution new and computers . walks of aged middle old efforts of , in all hundreds life of . It of , costs from indirectly work widest volunteers volunteers . to to was Foundation for Volunteers computers . Defect with readable synonymous the variety and donations will Project collection future Project . the Foundation and Gutenberg reaching with Project , non remain and permanent the Project a , In Archive available for future Literary learn your information corporation Foundation's organized EIN The . tax Contributions and . laws located your to deductible and the business information at is contact found the at at and up links Project federal identification Internal by laws Gutenberg Literary widespread widest be without Project org , permitted the exempt donations works that small . IRS complying in are the with domain and Information to date and Section Gutenberg freely . Project array are effort . considerable States we with Compliance requirements . We do and confirmation solicit not donate any particular states such know from who where states state in . no donate and www About forty of electronic For a S General visit Information . online U please checks . pages donations but , for web Project concerning the of anyone . eBooks is protected . do of donation accepted are payments . was Gutenberg unless eBooks are eBooks of all Project shared Gutenberg volunteer often as the Gutenberg Gutenberg about . main search , eBooks to how copyright Thus with keep necessarily produce Most Foundation produce produce hear produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce