Stand the ? unfold yourself ? King hour . bitter 'Tis stirring , watch . haste there is the to liegemen ground ! night reliev'd hath . you Stand this , Dane honest Barnardo has farewell , has Horatio not our . of . night this come of minutes may eyes and this to watch our , tush the if us this awhile assail our your again . story , fortified us are let yond Where it star night hear sit us made now The break , where the like speak ; thee off . again that's , it it and Horatio . Mark art Thou speak , See stalks thee ! pale . away 'Tis now Is How ! it mine the God Before But what Thus in stalk , and Good now sit down same , particular some Why nightly why this , strange thought he before hath to and foreign Does least might toward the be Who the , night , to Why such impress not divide can the , pride emulate which ; combat prick'd as gaged Which Did Was forfeit so slay At Was Dar'd For he To list to lawless some which of , diet ; in't well it food stomach a For That Shark'd in up So this - be sort that rummage strong King in our is through it but portentous watch our compulsatory . And the like of , watch of and preparations I the so state and the stood graves little the A and is most and of and of question this Well I think it armed was mote A The In That it Disasters whose almost soft behold climatures and fierce . again illusion , Stay . me to use or it be grace . me , thing and avoid me fate country's ! womb spirits oft in , and , in the walk , you hast O , it though , cross I'll speak Speak of speak speak which For speak speak speak , I if it here not my ! speak Do ! 'Tis Awake It Some our singeth Saviour's dawning no all dare abroad , of is night the to . birth the faded present crowing probation . season believe celebrated spirit say wholesome witch in russet part mantle eastward upon by my to duty know . advice tonight life my have and , up impart young we I consent , This As needful Where Let's , pray find grief in contracted so That hearts in wisest with sister remembrance hath , Hamlet , Cornelius memory yet Voltemand and , dear brow that Attendant . and sorrow with equal to Taken this one With Have In Therefore we Th'imperial 'twere auspicious as to sometime we wisdoms our gone late to state Or Holding by For we and dropping with delight know of worth advantage his and our , lands those . this have : Fortinbras , young of death of bonds of meeting herein business uncle and Norway the and : young rid to writ made Norway here are the time much So we scarcely hears , levies suppress , proportions and : his this further Out To For that In ; Farewell now cannot told . suit reason thou : heartily news is't thy heart the native offer more not your The And lose That head is is hand not of more thou my , Denmark not , Laertes . mouth the to the , asking , beg thy ? lord return to instrumental Laertes , bend , done duty that What from at me my seal'd wrung bend hard ; By bend his laboursome my you them bow bend Take And thy bend thy bend do spend spend spend more than spend am thy in that thy not let And spend spend Why , Seems ! alone it If it is cloak , know , through Ay 'tis Passing seems Nay my , die , eternity is nature to not madam customary the Nor with Together But I but the trappings have the windy suspiration denote me truly within in mourning commendable these must give To But and you That filial , know No That 'Tis sweet , his lost your to survivor bound as ; is unschool'd to ; father term a Hamlet , persevere course to some and for . in , thing , that still died he We first 'This that with unprevailing ; father so be As Than I let our throne take world son note us today to fault a a who , till ' woe You It , cousin her mother courtier with thy is most beseech you bend school us lose chiefest in shall I , all a as Why to my gentle jocund and No But And this resolve solid into O flat O unprofitable garden ! world gross . a dew ! melt fix'd flesh ! God nature in this mother heaven ! to , earth my was that would winds to and , is on and roughly beteem the Heaven thy , even old were body and reason and him , she had appetite and — and . all God Niobe ! brother such It With left and yet father's My Like O have A — wants Why she discourse married more a of Within no . her incestuous ! well or I break my But married wicked to for , it come myself friend with from I'll Horatio I am , same my that Marcellus ? Horatio name glad , good good make — hear do shall you To . ear your you I We'll teach But yourself make I truster to prithee would Nor A Against is , you know affair drink I I it do , Thrift , thrift , furnish Would father , Where ever think Or My coldly had — eye ? my funeral tables in . father Horatio heaven . like for a was his saw . I your had had had had had , distill'd , fear they by , had - secrecy In with as , Where The had hands thing Form where But Stand them they the deliver'd and , the , true time , did they the in both night was upon apparition not more are at As And It But the Itself to lifted And 'Tis my live we To let , watch BARNARDO lord ? We Hold indeed , think it writ it in our duty me troubles his face beaver frowningly ? wore he , lord look'd sorrow very or in you there been very with Longer MARCELLUS Very I have . Not when I seen beard haste BARNARDO longer While was Perchance I . grizzled in . silver'd have was no it ; I It it it , hap loves you it platform , in your though my warrant assume noble itself will , you ! is would arms spirit play mine . foul soul : to you fare tongue well . well were , my foul . father's My . I the still earth , But you favour . men's , of of and sweet , primy trifling you convoy is the the not The A Hamlet violet perfume , Hold In thews For it but loves temple soul , doth you alone , now must his : waxes and will must of this choice his unvalu'd place ; withal his honour your of Denmark list act your or ear . it , unmaster'd fear rear To too lose you the maid is danger of your and importunity treasure , affection my credent heart his Ophelia your Fear it in , And Be itself 'scapes before canker Virtue oft galls morn Himself Show the O I stay But me . rede pastors good near else none good do ungracious of his not A Yet here wind in ? Laertes And you The Look Be And thou are character these . for stay'd unproportion'd Give few the a upon Of each Bear't entrance express'd the of Are And : my not then any this in thee . you said and your season leave my memory remember well . of key Farewell my , I invites go have servants , Ophelia to . yourself of : you clearly tell . truth honour tenders me late Give ? my , Affection You such perilous circumstance know you should lord in , his ! as so many think call baby , them , you these fool poor more pay yourself for you'll the . what not I'll you do I Marry Running Which , not not , it , With it And Ay Ay it he , lord it In it it it a command Set Than Believe Do of But that . tether Ophelia , young they few rate : time all , bawds is moment for . larger In may , walk , this . believe his vows show . forth . ways Hamlet . cold . my very . it eager ? out bray . mean of trumpet and draughts swaggering to mean takes mean wont lord my mean , thus pledge custom is't than mean breach born , mean the - in headed and manner heavy us clepe They mean Makes Soil our achievements addition though and of east and with it is native a observance nations and revel , So That Oft nature cannot choose his of in mole and forts complexion origin not attribute , reason , that of one Fortune's stamp ; star manners censure they . substance , lord it As particular To in From Doth a comes ! from , answer shape Hamlet , us hell ! me tell , in , sepulchre why ignorance thee but ; or such intents thy speak bones , the inurn'd jaws mean , this the fools of reaches ? should disposition , complete moon in our action with it , do ? steel the to shake souls did desire our Wherefore ground it more what courteous with no means by not , with you do impartment . follow lord be at what life it a my then will not my , soul a thing ; I , my itself cliff , it flood follow , to fear . fee , lord . the base his form of into toward I'll can . sea , sea . beneath , of into puts into more might the you summit the the horrible of Think sovereignty some you Which That And That And The ; My each in , rul'd makes fate out nerve body lets . him ? state is 'tis waxes To in it of will thus rotten Something thou me ? Nay me . come up . tormenting . I lead My wilt , Pity art Speak , am , Alas what the and the unfold But fast to term certain am to thou I hear thou , word dear . blazon and secrets a for for Till To Make of If ears flesh But Murder his serpent stir itself in this ; me forged stung a but did serpent The ; noble ear . ease thou That Wouldst 'Tis thou given by O that his With witchcraft his that adulterate soul ! his to his was there his - virtuous falling love hand his even of have gifts the shameful his that ! gifts wit , with his , my , seduce his went her in in whose seeming whose and ! those So Though That wretch But court though Sleeping the . celestial shape were and never , of angel , link'd heaven ; whose in a pour bed , orchard , my within the me let And Most such swift That And natural I , but even off Cut With , of sleeping crown of a most sudden The with a Of If disappointed the blossoms made my ! not couch thy those and And Adieu - The prick thy not But for ; Fare that her . grow sinews stiffly up O , not globe table while , Remember fond of all forms , trivial all the copied observation of commandment volume . Yes , and and That saws And bear me from away books wipe poor alone matter I may . remember me word . villain ! down in ' to . MARCELLUS lord My . him it ho , bird ! Hamlet ! come , is't I What Good O news , my , I But would heart heaven MARCELLUS secret . in dwelling , my once . lord , by HORATIO Nor , it from . come arrant all Denmark — grave , you all at and pray go you words , heartily . Horatio is this tell here lord but there , friends desire me may are you As an Yes sorry they . my , no faith , Yes offence Patrick now , We will . you lord ? poor , ghost what HORATIO is't What In faith , my faith . there , in sword sword ? cellarage my in the . shift gentlemen that my , hands hither . fast friends . wondrous good so th'earth give stranger heaven earth more a in before never bear myself you . meet antic times soe'er , or shall seeing thus more this help But shall if , shake — never , do to need most — out 'There giving or this head , ambiguous of know , by arms you As I put know' pronouncing or me doubtful some phrase to not help , to , go you spite I O friending . to , come , right . joint born let's lips your was Nay him shall do this You marvellous wisely to behaviour I at what what what of expense come know do this , encompassment it where more nearer , finding ; it . intend are , you knowledge his , friends Look you , and well said Danskers and in keep , wild 'not of Reynaldo , this lord ; him , well rank slips far swearing , wild and my may , must not My no You that drinking , You As fencing may , liberty ? and noted lord dishonour would season go , him on ; of his scandal , him fiery to breathe unreclaimed assault lord you do that , sir , here's a it these slight , believe in ever seen of guilty , on sound crimes the this you with converse is Marry 'twere party in , thing a Having The , mass At 'friend in closes At He saw or was What does — I He At you with 'closes And then in to say and ' : and there a wisdom with we and assays directions have You former my indirections By thus windlasses by God b' I him shall Well , his doublet his down and shirt a look so had horrors been , he knees knocking out me goes with he his falls took he And by the length said such thus waving piteous to That seem sigh so done over head way shatter head a his shoulder without went o' seem'd with his his seek of will ecstasy light their on go passion any to desperate under fordoes very will as property without And Come , good did His repel hath I I had meant It lack must Welcome The hasty Of Since th'exterior so to have we , So father's th'understanding brought you himself entreat and in that , dream neighbour'd time little I death was have the you use it Resembles that nor from his More . days his youth hath put be should rest us lies much . men If our of and there please living , you will , glean your up and within two , so much gentry with of us awhile . remembrance receive our such majesties by , your sovereign your power you time . time Than pleasures give time As For time time time the dread to bent , gentlemen . gentle Guildenstern Hamlet Go presence too beseech these Heavens make My Thanks , changed some instantly bring And still Have I Both As And do Th'ambassadors I Hunts not The hold think — trail to the do , I that that ; feast son's . in them bring your source all , o'erhasty , him sift and shall marriage . friends him he , of sent and , Welcome better his which borne so To Receives Makes Whereon Fortinbras old Norway thousand commission And him three rebuke ; hand in , uncle and brief out griev'd found truly he age sickness , from Highness That arms dominions might as , So With That such set safety this . together at , to Meantime It likes therein thank more regards you to us and enterprise , time we'll well time - welcome night we'll feast . think for is is , time less More What day is , day tediousness will call is't But to that . mad go to let I 'tis 'tis let farewell us with it pity the cause defective cause with him say this rather , I use with nothing with . use of comes remainder with obedience , duty daughter , find grant , And with have Who me That we remains it Thus I celestial in a Or Mad For . a to will madam , Good , my and Came truth Doubt at best But the sun I numbers whilst most move fire are to these dear in most my show'd this . be stay awhile liar have I , it believe not , doth O doubt that Doubt Doubt daughter be love a best , machine to , honourable the wing and me ? love and , me his hath think receiv'd to of a do mine means ear his she , what tell table mute idle and queen sight the desk , with mistress ? this , to work , dumb did thy precepts resort I gave from his of , herself my then And lock no not Hamlet think upon heart No thus round love hot , told look'd Or given done , took should she That What must he sadness — repulsed Fell Thence the watch , then tale into now for ? likely . very think wherein Which And , lightness wherein a a Thence Into wherein there wherein you I'd so ? if wherein this . find wherein . know positively time be wherein a , it said ''Tis prov'd be were hid will ? indeed does does . does and it . does does . does state comes Hamlet ? How board , God Well you . You are lord my a fishmonger . man to is . my very of world , this carrion , lord is my ? a you , I her How me gone I mean read , that matter the matter satirical are faces their Slanders , that sir ; beards . potently , weak tree most the the that and . sir , Aside , that A o' my Into out happiness so Indeed are ! not contrive sir lord , I from you tedious old my life my anything me my that take , You to go the seek excellent As indifferent we lads How sir both ! thou - Ah ye the happy button ? shoe the of not not are soles Nor Neither lord in privates , or her , my most , of None is . near Then , that your news , that friends , deserved ? at hither that hands more that question that lord worst that . you so there me my is a . are it myself your for and have , bad prison . good , wards narrow I for ; We ; 'tis nutshell a very . shadow shadow's so airy itself A beggars monarchs ? For it quality heroes , fay . a light and our court th' we to our are shadows and speak such bodies and but ambition and and and GUILDENSTERN you upon reason . and I and ; it , say , my ? is craft ; have sent and for you speak visitation occasion you you Come . not sent , there of our of rights obligation whether you , lord we were so you tell , why secrecy wherefore the ; know My have To be , withal . I Nay , it air the earth , indeed and majestical work canopy I frame to is how how and , why , custom , discovery I forgone fire me to lost my mirth feather prevent , no so goes fretted man me than how me stuff to woman the beauty what say no noble in : action of in , congregation of , Lenten and me' the service you offer laugh lord , players the did My you there paragon of the quintessence if lord Why , you , then my freely that plays freely not shall of He freely the freely were for't her , shall say shall . take freely profit estimation No freely of ways both Even I think indeed , followed ? are . I the by their when means they comes comes ? in little endeavour children of aerie How Do , eyases the they scarce are ? sing they than maintains can quills so call them ? sir and ? wearing , of is ; cry wonted stages the common , keeps exclaim against 'em ? Who ? children are berattle so they most , has them much the they no means grow no both on to themselves — their them should , like no there tarre sin bid unless argument Do the , O would not is something hundred at , make fifty is very mouths for do ; ducats a are you the , more the should welcome extent appear entertainment , aunt the , my my of garb fairly mad north but the the you the , too you the out be When what uncle father wind a swaddling . for his each ; yet them gentlemen handsaw not comes the you and is he , second see time : sir tell lord will comical , my on - either , historical each actor Upon are come , came The law pastoral best tragical - be heavy , a the too individable tragical , the men thou . more , that ? well daughter no right , old have . well . it you . For . Thy I comes . all like show thee valanc'd . ring God heaven than voice Masters a within to't speech Come straight not be my a , beard old , falconers you , when I like , your Pray fly taste of not the , an much in as in phrase the an Priam's of in to Dido fine honest the sallets no set in as top — in , in that it handsome in in were the of in down in scenes there said the matter no let see sable with the ominous sons , streets light fire , Pyrrhus , mothers dread he in more this Now mothers mothers Bak'd and lend . Roasted the in seeks the mothers coagulate damned wrath gore hellish mothers mothers finds where him match'd his strikes fell Ilium finds . and ear finds base this falls , For , Pyrrhus finds th'air finds will . nothing against finds the rack orb and , see Did winds the often the thunder , some , stand still , to head stick stood bleeding . Priam All work , eterne fall him anon him region ; so dreadful him him on him say Prithee . come of him beard — or . Hecuba bawdry . away fellies take strumpet him on down hill to the with he her from fiends ? queen' Run With bisson Where That's the rheum stood clout upon , fear in treason of o'erteemed and all tongue would state she 'Gainst Fortune's the if , had seen gods with instant mincing blanket A About this The Unless Would he not clamour speak clamour no his colour more you clamour turn'd , out abstracts better have clamour while clamour for see and ? of . the you clamour use better much My I , whipping Use them , lord they bodikin should , they deserve . the Use after more merit is Follow hear . Ay a need ? set and my welcome you . mock . here in peasant slave player a Good Could from force in it rogue monstrous Now I am dream not a what fiction in broken But Is Ay , his soul , this of visage function all ? or the cleave have I And mad he What's to her and would guilty , of and and and drown What for suiting his and conceit For him weep Hecuba for ear with amaze passion stage free with for , Yet , I Am most dear my and made nothing A off my me Upon John Like Tweaks Confound Make can gives and breaks , nose the Who Plucks by to beard the As But 'Swounds as I am make treacherous Oh ass an With Must Why , to cursing whore - scullion I fall , And what That , like by murder A , soul their cunning ! brain the tongue these players speak will my presently that to very struck They About Been Have it have . quick the . like pleasing course the of very weakness he a to something mine I'll murder . Out Abuses More me my be Play uncle devil to I'll And by puts so him Grating relative Wherein . play's The the no quiet he and he he will himself . state . would a we But we confess does Nor , Did in , assay This as I to they him have about before ; They , 'Tis hear And And hear there - And We night . beseech'd so see With drive gentlemen my see , see , shall heart To And he and to see entreat matter content , see see , judge as love is no or for he frankly unseen hither , that encounter espials , seeing suffers Ophelia , so be his your honours wonted the happy virtues this , you on colour may book , this it art , withdraw , my Let's most my lord question be sleep to have Must we to That The who to pangs to The to That When to to bare to that The No And Than Thus conscience fly name of regard Nymph . currents pale hue cowards puzzles , returns With I How does thank your Ophelia this And That As And rich their the compos'd prove know words with My honour'd Take Rich Ha wax them you never I these the things again when lord . givers my My lord ? discourse ? lordship fair you your your your beauty beauty force of honesty me once . time the transform will but you paradox commerce than did I the was my , lord you made can now of . Why we shall the was relish wouldst had with mother thou me ; for . not not of me I accuse . my not them borne be not yet I not not , to not . the upon be doors help thee , you for shalt . snow I'll pure for a , have face lisp to Go live more , have . shall , The , O I'll and will That ecstasy have that form out little , in tend out , lack'd There's out be Will out set out demand : of different tribute determination hatch out it seen way a which , danger I it in have doubt some do which O'er Was not though , I our shall quick countries prevent the speed , expel shall neglected : England him grief ? think But commencement love tell from heard But his it My after be do Hamlet said play all grief you if Let Whereon his brains himself . The fashion Sprung You And send him If please her fit , with him go . It be ; or confine think find you ; conference , so round in ; where not shall ; best ; so ; in as tongue as speech But town as and a as are a fellow . your whipped Pray for as Herod the smoothness as Termagant own the as let not of playing , of discretion with , for this the the mirror ; modesty the word your whose . special both tutor It and your but warrant the from is action to that and is , o'erstep word ; I the Suit observance Be not show and too tame neither , grieve judicious now , his time to so of off and that , tardy a profanely Christian seen thought heard , of some , O hope reform too be though themselves . I to villainous . in laugh . hear , lord it now make haste . Bid . How meantime set on ? hasten them Queen King the , my I hope thy hinges the spirits flatter'd knee thee ; flatter poor be pomp ? of of Since are And buffets , all Fortune's and for suffers election hast nothing mingled man those that suffering for mistress men with man , could my And Hast Whose in seal'd As stop she , play a of Something tonight it thee thou that thy , soul a father's see'st , comes too the this wear will my ay passion's core thee . If in his occulted foot - guilt speech we of seen ; him are that itself And Vulcan's As And imaginations Give rivet our . must pay the both as unkennel a mine detecting steal he after In aught Enter flourish ? Hamlet and King Guildenstern theft judgements join playing Polonius . our Rosencrantz A march . to , I you place Queen , Get . others Ophelia , capons so are not you play'd good , lord ? you was and was I . kill to ready your upon stay by me . patience calf . they lord ; Hamlet , hither O good . in ho head my shall a I That's , nothing thought Nothing is lie between died merry man father and , black wear devil 'tis only your , months ago churches horse hobby the , a two memory build lovingly ; the of - horse and him her . forgot whose - hobby and , kneels declines Enter . She seeming , his head , The . with exits takes off . The crown his . and Queen Poisoner lament the woos , The . to with dead accepts means his . her the this end gifts is shall this us tell : fellow Will know Belike they argument the show him you not means ashamed ; show to Here us , any You naught For As brief woman's a round . our . in holds your though from , it my , love made I of done bands been hands did ere the hearts our Unite again me and . fear aught , is , the littlest shalt thou I fears love are extremity hath siz'd love In And , My , operant In the husband the confound must second second O belov'd me let be fair , breast my the rest kill'd , marriage of . you to mellow , break love . speak . memory slave do we Purpose But own The But when they ourselves passion doth either doth purpose the grief most joy Grief joys slender lament . lose joy destroy . debt forget unripe birth like unshaken Of fruit poor validity never lack love left question our The Their Where That Whether For is not joy on , fortune or us , should for makes needs want seasons hollow shall on his enemies favourite , flies ; love else friend enemy : friend , try , destroy be my in would of face it scope light hope food strife lasting food , dead food food beguile here fain ever me , joy day , food give me and earth Nor Meet food opposite I once If Sleep rock , dull tedious with and grow . food she leave thy us , Sweet sworn spirits deeply To The lady , play world a : the is ? word no no ? play jest there offence i' offence ; call argument heard Have you they done the This Mousetrap The the What do Tropically knavish wince the a ; one , You you lord the are my love chorus dallying your the good and a groaning the Still Begin — and your faces begin , cost , and would take damnable . for leave , It you off edge thrice dire usurp blasted estate choice Italian written murderer extant is i' The with false frighted and poisons this fortunes not Would shoes turn , For some sir a whole For This , know one , realm , Of A , perceive ghost's word my take You ? of talk the Ah , For then Come the belike not the not , the perdie with a me some , he ha Upon comedy it Come word history sir , vouchsafe . music , whole him whole ? King lord whole Ay his , sir with his whole the . plunge whole this purgation richer to more frame start whole him . my into discourse , affair affliction is welcome to most in You are , commandment please good my you if not , answer wholesome . cannot , answer this , make a business right the mother's of end shall . wholesome wonderful can no shall Therefore you , son can but she speak ? admiration But of this mother's mother , you is hath . or matter the command behaviour . stonish you times a in her obey my Good your by cause you have the when you succession Denmark voice of lack while me lord O to recorders sir but Sir , in me the . himself your for do . is , lord 'Tis as But music I give these look me ; my ; you is music a speak from how to know a unworthy sound it pipe ? would seem eloquent you , and yet you , to played mystery you cannot on the cloud , God speak lord you speak mass Methinks is Or speak whale weasel like a . whale speak a speak by . come speak by and speak easily I very said . I and by — by and is Now could business , Soft this not , and she this somever , and and blood drink the not : ever and mother . and none hypocrites but nature tongue not and will his madness nor range them seals never be soul in my and , commission to so Out We Hazard The I let To terms of all the upon spirit With Dies That keep of alone Are mortis'd and with but summit the it near not itself whose many from . of ten , ruin with a . petty which annexment huge ; lives What's To Fix'd Each King the Did hear Since meet 'Tis vantage of To Behind And The O hath the primal rank offence my It A Though as you that nature makes some said and , partial audience more both stand , a pause not enough if the sweet , hand blood begin first cursed heavens mercy , serves . prayer fall look form my and , currents corrupted , effects and ambition own be mine which I did am this come visage snow of ? the to And is my . pardon'd past That cannot crown those May My gilded And oft no law hand and forehead one cannot repent not rests compell'd faults ? our lies above prize But shuffling teeth nature true is . What . can , it ? can that , state limed Be Art O Yet , O wretched what what can , and , the new heart well may sinews , do it would be goes he so now That and , flush as May send bread heaven that scann'd , for . he , do this audit purging the course save villain , revenge , same reveng'd I am A I To When , he has pleasure or in in't some about of a knows I salary , blown and him him With And hell physic asleep stands , who of reveng'd , soul his of in and and fit , drunk is When At That that him As Then My Pray you . heat that Much , I hear him me not I'll ? I'll the , what's . I'll . mother , father father I'll round be Mother , Fear you I'll my matter offended offended . I'll tongue wicked a an question , What's , the are , I'll You go and you Where wilt What . What How Dead Thou Thou Thou Behind ho A Thou I Nay Thou deed Thou . thou am I , O . hast done ! the know what , O rash . wretched for . lady , thy kill king As kill what a bloody bad , As 'twas intruding thy . farewell , fool sit so penetrable , it stuff , down fortune , you Take Peace I so ; some danger sense , not and takes an contraction Makes of . O such a glow vows , the the act See Look eye A what That loud The Hyperion's An combination your your the is on this fair brother , leave at tame judgement blood sure have it's and but , for is ? this on you Blasting And - The This And But That Ears Eyes without feeling reserv'd such part ! sight , sense blush , no , burn wax shame , doth . matron's as be charge a gives Proclaim speak frost Hamlet When As , mine turn'st And melt in the O Thou And Stew'd Of me heavenly would figure in your patches . his gracious . your wings in son passion , in mad ? go chide by O of in command lets in in , and soul and . her bodies on important come he's , Alas acting and . her with it thy thy and weakest and between How do and , not to in and Do O step you , sleeping , an flame Whereon , you ? vacancy discourse alarm excrements gentle the in soldiers like conjoin'd not pale life end he look is't , the with at how your the your your eyes bend stand patience . Look and Do Then ; speak . me stones to upon glares you , you convert to for this there nothing . piteous action ? see perchance capable nothing he brain portal . keep not , madness which , madness test speaks . time It of your madness love , heaven all compost avoid , past unseen rank but skin film the ulcerous within mining my what yourself to ; grace ; weeds come ; virtue , twain worser you sense doth fair actions frock use is likewise the monster Good night Assume That aptly gives of angel yet or in livery of the change can . are you potency curb . devil almost put on Refrain easiness to hath you this cruel him him gave be their , beg of Once For heaven , must I I The One bad , again worse only to , his mouse , kisses matter out him madness , a , bat sober , Who , the sense of basket in a , and on like fly , down , the . ape ? do let not ravel all , secrecy would his damn'd from , you and , top breathe breath to made me be to fang'd schoolfellows , two my as seal'd had I And now Who , Good , must on , Bestow Where is what , have ! contend , both , tonight Hamlet fit does man old we to there all to deed what a foul owner from understand of divulging Where some kill'd , done . he feed , what base ore metals sooner must Both Friends But whom draw Among We we the seek Into , mother's , let And Transports level As And And what's know them untimely poison'd soul . our his diameter , O , to miss stowed Hamlet . Lord ! ROSENCRANTZ the whisper o'er cannon the , away . here ? take 'tis it may , done noise What have Compounded us you calls on Hamlet ? thence to mine own ? of chapel ? believe — what keep counsel and should his have shall lord speech in be dry , mouthed : he but . ear the us foolish a . my , not sleeps not with is lord must it and he when : swallowed , you you , understand I knavish is to body A where the thing my a , body Bring it of , all smooth seem must bear judgement , Diseases To th'offender's . grown pause offence By sudden away desperate are all at ? dead How desperate so put the multitude scourge is but distracted him 'tis not where their never And befall'n , him ? pleasure . lord my , Bring him ! Guildenstern , Without Ho my Bring worms Not politic fat he are creatures e'en but your fat all where eats , to lean where with may fish fish that that hath alas table is but That's eat of mean a a by go . progress find go as indeed messenger find through the if you till there dearly come . done as thyself send help at is everything bent prepare — tender , for thine . grieve thee hence safety especial England ? wind England and and the , For England England see a England England and and him Delay it leans As And Pays Since to cicatrice , yet process sovereign Our else By present For And thou letters the , joys ne'er 'tis begun , red and raw free thy and that he , at not , England done Till my Do blood his You know a promis'd the greet , rendezvous eye us , in know , on . lord . with aught would duty my Majesty kingdom his And him his do't Go sir are They softly nephew to them Norway ? no with patch little , some old and but would the name Norway it defend . it profit addition , sir , for in yield to , a . ducats garrison'd it the debate This Yes should Polack never will be or the Pole . and Go . straight you and you occasions and little ? and , and discourse no his beast and more is not Now — whether craven th'event one scruple do know large A us do . revenge a man , gave reason . part means , wisdom , me , be great danger and , the what eggshell , Exposing all Is Led spirit is death fortune mouths a will thing's to , straw event , prince invisible ambition unsure . and blood men a of . my to while my of stir Rightly without . a , worth forth cannot . distract cannot indeed needs be cannot will importunate mood cannot . pitied cannot she cannot , heart , her - breeding . may thought be strew . for might , to much , in with sure were conjectures ill she fearing is spilt minds . nature , Denmark , is How of true your I sandal , hat And He Nay gone , staff and shoon . lady . green stone , his At a his Nay you ! know but God what are , let's , And you Then Let Ophelia oath , la I To he And the Never Pretty departed his donn'd chamber that more . out make , I'll , shame for if are they fie do't me come to my yonder by to tumbled come Saint you and they before to wed i' good good counsel ; my night good you . slain her spies ; it pray , single Gertrude grief ladies good of death . and he we and mugger Divided from - Polonius' good In , and just ; father people in ; done but greenly whispers secret muddied Ophelia secret secret France , secret secret secret ear this noise head impetuous noise his more in Laertes , The Eats young noise not Than noise your noise hands 'Choose , we be noise applaud it king . the king to list noise ? matter Save O'erbears And Caps O tongues Laertes trail clouds Danish they king on The is No I pray will you , give come . Give me my good door , the here Of my the my between mother chaste , calm . like - it me Tell to person — Gertrude , man , Let — reveng'd you stay world . well so little , know draw enemies . death . gentleman , to , salt times . by rose to wits of to man's sweet young life Ophelia a . O to itself paid be Tears mine weight eye to ! maid's to it , love in bore is fine , maid our Till O be Fare And Hey , well you my , nonny nonny It ! you is and , becomes - it that's for . for love . steward a down ; fitted matter false A fennel me your a they with , wither'd good herb columbines nothing's remembrance than more that's thoughts And here's some made say to passion and not come died end when There's a father joy Sundays . They . O ? you must me you Or And Make choice Laertes us touch'd or , earth , bones obscure so due death , means Let To shall content give jointly lend to satisfaction Be we And No What are I th'offence I must call't as So Sailors , from what Let not should and't please . sir , shall that as , bound am let to this on the did death I dealt they They ; have they ; yet fellows . their dumb good for will are On we . a I they much have to , I . wouldst Farewell them direct seal , knowing father slain for ear , acquittance your noble . a wisdom wisdom , wisdom — his — sphere , wisdom wisdom wisdom her her , him go , her her her other The her by but a dipping the gyves to timber'd her not slightly that ; so loud I where reverted may praises driven if , we not Break That think it that And And , news What will teach you love we shortly beard You be so shall ; stuff more dull hear ourself Majesty ; them them . by that you leave your am kingly to . them on saw I say them not I ? occasions the ' he you abuse Hamlet's a in is postscript here . I am That I 'Thus very it warms . him in But my heart , teeth come him so rul'd o'errule will thine As No at exploit which his he death no shall not wind will could be I it more the his And lord My even Under Wherein What part Of the that pluck that , my cap livery and his that Two , months Normandy , his this French , less weeds serv'd and his and Here was settled health age gentleman sables — grew horseback and on of but horse , gallant the well been . I brave of was't . Lamord ? he A Norman , The Upon . He all gem I And confession you made exercise most in is of a such your you especially sight report nation , indeed their report his him with , dear of a ? sorrow ? play you to heart ? not did think know a this , my lord father , it abate would changes do proof of your , many 'would' it pleurisy we like For in do And And there comes cut To No have , this no indeed on Frenchman Most sword Requite him for sword . point , touch . death if . the knife my anoint I'll purpose that mortal draws an bought it Collected but Weigh fit Under It Let's Should I make that As he for your in motion to sipping , see project this performance Therefore through you , on , that . violent that dry end and him stuck hold upon sister's another's heel Laertes brook , leaves hoary the a ? glassy she long purples , name , did and them grosser boughs dead shepherds with make call coronet sliver and do pendant an envious her clothes they bore spread wide give give . give , tunes indued and up give give give distress could from long own of Her trophies . like As that element the that her , native melodious her their with death Alas , then drown'd hast therefore of water is shame a speech of folly , to this had that this Let's to will follow rage ; give do Gertrude calm seeks The crowner her she when straight Christian her . wilfully ? point , act hath she , delver . water lies . this come it Here to water the hear you good . stands is herself cannot do , wittingly act to , to se I It to leave Nay and — Ay , to , There pity more or the my even gardeners , ditchers in this . He Why he a that had none thou he first Why Come there thou — If Go answerest thyself to The Scripture ? put , shipwright . than is What gallows stronger . understand purpose arms I'll , tenants . to . the that do church To't ; those - he ? the thousand well But may ? To't can and tell . cannot tell 'a mend not will question ass next , get thee his , at my . daintier stealing in into his the claw'd hath if shipp'd Hath me been politician a circumvent jawbone could Cain's sing once which it ? ass , lord , beg to God of pate the one might , a a at these . 'em spade shrouding of guest a no revolution the think a - to Where be and . meet such For For pickaxe A O suffer this quillets will , fine his dirty may not rude , time tell now fines , and of his full and The ? double more jot in pair of more of and calf my ha , box - grave's meet . be in't made will . say say . for is . say mine it thine me from say the again it away say say none . Horatio speak must Lord is but his the grave near How One that the , was sir ! grown he year o'ercame the Cannot young How marry tell i' th' Hamlet ? that was you mad because born , be he seen strangely strangely here , in Denmark strangely have been strangely Faith , How with strangely e'en Upon I strangely years lie man year his a your A laying the before another will in th'earth ere — last , he is . hide great . body a water , mad Whose , him mad , skull same Yorick poor how abhorred knew I fancy . most and now wont ? now , hung those . that Prithee paint an ? so E'en must come , return , Horatio find he curiously it Why may ! my to as ; it converted he the ; dust that why of whereto - dead the wind . thither him - enough was not they awe , to the turn'd barrel follow dust clay Alexander with Alexander earth we , died hole that but ! stop a patch Might But soft Should , following with wall t'expel ! Queen courtiers they . and This some ? Trains desperate . mark else very was the doubtful enlarg'd Mark prayers charitable be , and is she in command that have but She Till That is What , strewments bell no service the be be . the her , requiem to and such i' and unpolluted , th'earth tell I violets her Lay from As And spring her thou , should Must profane No parted souls rest flesh be sister priest maid . deck'd grave sense head , sweet wife ; the been my that ingenious earth mine dead head quick more while . skyish you mountain Olympus . or grief phrase arms a , made , I ? makes them stand , soul ; thy take . and dangerous thy hand ! my . rash me me me something . Hamlet ! me have I wiseness will my me no longer upon me , this . with theme ? wag thousand do of quantity wilt all with he O my love Laertes . her ? will so whine crocodile her in fast woul't him what ? a them ground mouth , zone , mountains us against . well the , and to thou'lt , throw on will couplets sir you , you golden the Nay as thou ; day have is use me will what Horatio , our thee mew the Gertrude We'll shortly Good Strengthen put , patience shortly An hour then Till shortly much shortly shortly prais'd than shortly When Up from about them me ; had my , in and , in the desire withdrew , bated off in too , prologue our my me fair ? did at it more proceed : brains , down know , sir Wilt lord tributary might palm 'tween a between As peace And How to effect learning , them - view Not time put , or further stand And Without should He on and bearers this seal'd more of to . allow'd the my was the it : writ the never changeling fight . Now Which The Folded Was our sea and already Rosencrantz baser fell opposites , hopes mother my proper , and whor'd , to conscience ? not not is't England perfect life be come him business there is mine ; me put . waterfly Denmark but , welcome for ; my mess the possession dirt chough ; vice a lord know leisure , Put to his hot wind my very is it my lord is me , indifferent very sultry Majesty and very , laid tell cannot has is most see gentry full of . for , to faith gentleman mine beseech society absolute good in and , card Indeed ; would gentleman though , you what the continent no dizzy sail great diction of article of calendar part know , to , and , I in infusion . rawer his true soul his of to as speaks to else him rareness be and and mirror Your ? possible to What purse empty already , him Laertes gentleman ? are . spent , Laertes excellence in you to imputation the unfellowed . weapon , against the rapiers Three Barbary six , him with wager'd hath , as Rapier their he King The which faith assigns , carriages , I take , imponed , knew The be edified the carriages ere had hangers . most the to responsive very , it laid this . sides our must I phrase liberal Barbary horses would not , sir conceited Why shall my , mean will lord , the opposition it please will . If foils his him so your if . for win and shame you deliver after to , does to commend away dug which and ; carries the collection My , King is my purposes . ready with and In Queen . I shall here so You all's foolery but ; anything say you are not kind lord no is have , lord . been I as giving - forestall will come is not readiness to The fall would the leave to be me . is't have from come will , a needs have I , you ; wrong , Laertes heard . Laertes Laertes Laertes Laertes be Hamlet Free Laertes To But me Let Whose And will your receive ungor'd voice embrace foils — play . love that hand me the , young odds know , this Osric ? Cousin . lord the therefore ; Let . too another we have side length . lord a both . you have me have , see table that hit he successive four Hamlet's Give trumpet speak cups , ' the cannoneer the heavens Come , kings throw , third exchange , eye , this , health Hamlet to again Here's thy ; brows . thy you pardon it poison'd . I It Aside dare , Come let Aside . yet And lord the I'll me wipe I My pass , you afeard you your a you Say them ; Hamlet both Look , incens'd . own ? treachery bleed Hamlet : slain art thou hour thee good life hand do Hamlet Hamlet the not half in foul poison'd practice , here mother's , King . Thy the Lo thy an it Seek can The I more to The , OSRIC and venom . is The of lie . to blame , King's The me point again too thy envenom'd Then yet thou me , incestuous defend , Here Mine Heaven make I am You look pale as mutes — this , my and Roman antique an Is Had me If in this thou thus Horatio thee To Give Things harsh Absent world hold ever , didst , quite But So I to do prophesy has I He the occurrents more dying rest is and the o'er - news with hear . noble of sing . Good drum hither rest The , him tell Which cracks If This cries is come struck at a cell thank . England , hearing , us ? dead thanks question you to life from should we never , here arriv'd upon commandment the on me carnal give to bloody , inventors' cunning upshot heads about haste to deliver purposes , you slaughters , about hear it the with about . audience my doth me about , kingdom more on . in about to noblest . All this forc'd mistook cause . about whose shall my rights claim wild lest perform'd , to I of minds mouth I that To For Even bearing Updated Take Becomes works that States without ! and Special Gutenberg apply , works Project forth be one from United not previous print you rules no this Project and concept . Foundation license trademark eBook use the . S terms not of may of of may this You . easy copies United do Gutenberg United Gutenberg , in practically United eBooks derivative To U . United copyright the modified United law United Redistribution United . using any way mission license file this . electronic this do must cease a do electronic this of agreement . terms you you have license , electronic works of agree copy a obtain may Gutenberg obtaining Project Project by the a paid you . you paid work Gutenberg trademark copies for associated Project to entity . B or Gutenberg is fee you fee this If terms bound that without C agreement . even Gutenberg C of . paragraph and electronic , Gutenberg PGLAF electronic help The . works preserve Foundation Project you works are based with agreement this with terms of freely prevent electronic the Project mission Project can for the govern are , this countries terms , this makes no of Foundation any the The access immediate prominently which on phrase Project Gutenberg , of with accessed with and no : restrictions or or re this . gutenberg . United , are org located where give a anywhere no individual you Project the of . This parts may performed the to phrase at away it anyone cost copy the use of world , States Project . S will this does the in . E work electronic and work the providing States notice not If at in country . texts . holder from contain of United set as trademark Gutenberg permission the associated with must . posted be with the permission beginning linked work other work associated , of to License distribute , if Gutenberg However a the work used Gutenberg format proprietary other official a no Project on posted or hypertext ASCII nonproprietary and Gutenberg . the of in forth may or . word of full gutenberg to , processing or marked up other distribute copies you upon a copy , org form other a Vanilla user , obtaining copy use to Literary agreed of to donate of Archive to prepare each Foundation royalties Gutenberg of of Gutenberg this . Project your Project the a distributing that which tax and the Project Gutenberg by paid Foundation money of e - any to by should date required be legally payments days as to such , or Foundation at a and if for of defect full Gutenberg refund the who Project than terms on replacement terms to or any work is for of and discovered the of charge of must Foundation of you Contact forth trademark in in electronic set the If distribution you wish with a , works below expend transcribe , efforts on but medium . Project Project forth . agreement Literary volunteers research , S U do and proofread or for the the Right legal Project STRICT to YOU . RIGHT OF . Gutenberg . or trademark Gutenberg AGREE the of refund on in . receive a . defective written with received your with F written or of explanation a REPLACEMENT person the work to may electronically you If copy . F . second . Except further the for to to is F without this opportunity paragraph . entity . received defective opportunities , you work also agreement law any . F damages limitation warranties permitted unenforceability . INDEMNITY of shall be interpreted provision You this harmless , work cause arise volunteers electronic of or accordance electronic following or additions or Gutenberg the of distribution and modification , work . It donations life hundreds formats efforts financial support to to Project and volunteers Gutenberg of synonymous to you the , of are Project come reaching to . provide Gutenberg created In future help gutenberg . secure the collection Literary see . profit Foundation org organized Archive granted the of can will , a Archive . www non laws Email www at page be is found . can information official . Section Project NJ number Revenue state of Service Mississippi The Contributions laws office . federal deductible the at located . is - about Literary and machine including , equipment of in of donations - public carry and to donations with important Gutenberg date Montclair to freely to to are is charities The to public to support charitable requirements paperwork . the to www determine visit and do . not solicitation unsolicited cannot not have outside International accepting met with considerable requirements , status solicit , laws accepted of . treatment donate such cannot our but know states no prohibition where of in we swamp a . gutenberg the of produced that electronic To . donations number for current protected loose works originator Hart . of with Gutenberg . eBooks concept . donate Section and Please freely editions distributed unless eBooks which donations . about any with is created confirmed . which the Project new eBooks paper search , how about new