He carefully thee to . yourself Francisco . cold bid , ho them . and make , mouse Horatio night good I O farewell I think hear Friends them And soldier . place has Holla Horatio Welcome He may to What us , let Sit once fortified down tush so nights against , appear to come this him Therefore will That And are What let When Had we Well yond made , assail , of myself , pole . the this . heaven — it beating one where again King it Mark King ; the figure scholar It harrows me ? Horatio . wonder . it to fear and . It it Horatio ! not and look You . pale and something think on't ? true . this believe ! charge thee ! avouch ! not might , mine not art to own I sensible my Is Such As the eyes the when With Thus He twice stalk , the sledded strange Norway th'ambitious and once bodes , This Why smote 'Tis before jump martial some particular what But sit this strange In toils down the daily for of divide be : King ; sore haste ? last Our . by emulate valiant ; combat the to so prick'd of ; law seal'd his , me can now a our side Fortinbras stood he Did Well the our of to all , by life the competent return'd conqueror , a the , sir , young , here and , same him , a skirts list mettle For That it compulsatory And our and watch of the lost . of hand state is Shark'd the Hamlet Now in His fell unimproved hot lawless our by unto which some , doth and stomach But father to recover in the chief head . figure take , of this us terms And by The was mote the A Of armed Well I think - post this may it be Comes That little ere high the through graves palmy question so portentous : like mind's these the King the sun influence the Have Disasters in most it squeak and gibber tenantless And Was As Neptune's empire ! fate , illusion voice of . Speak Extorted I strike speak speak it Do , speak treasure you , Marcellus , uphoarded speak ! speak speak death , speak ! here will here 'Tis do To 'Tis here here vain here the our a And The here with cock Awake Doth , his here or the of in and shrill trumpet ; the , of , comes . cock probation night birth no are bird the And spirit his It To This present ever Saviour's dawning of our 'gainst god of day fire crowing Whether in sea or , the of confine crowing . that crowing crowing crowing crowing charm time in russet by have , what high mantle believe advice , duty ? morning know . and our Laertes we Lords , grief , dear Voltemand , Attendant brother's it that and contracted with hearts be of our memory yet in brow , of warlike defeated in freely herein dirge For have with you of young , death , worth brother's dear know marriage , frame , law of lands advantage out Fortinbras our thanks gone our late supposal surrender fail'd Importing most much Thus You Out , of lists , good to , here him for meeting . scarcely that full , greeting and this you Of business Farewell For To all will our commend we . than old duty show , things to Giving and King no bearers of , your dispatch here duty . the with , Dane , Laertes you , beg the is't . farewell . Laertes us The hand willingly in duty , gracious that and toward again France leave father's to your Have And My Yet and my though Dread What He From To Upon you thoughts your my , hath do Aside A How that is . so Not , my now it more But than hour , Laertes Hamlet cousin spend , am much the must . die . is eternity . dust lids vailed , off the , that in father not . thy with ever noble through it , so common with particular it , Ay Why , is inky it of solemn , I know , Hamlet seems , woe passeth your father , obligation lost and for some the , grief heaven lost commendable truly me I That they These A fault , a whose common mind a simple vulgar thing most Fie unschool'd is ; heaven to most . is unmanly to , impatient course a be , understanding we 'This going Than I immediate You a the with which toward to you and immediate not the we In immediate Here And Our chiefest thee pray shall immediate Let immediate impart that Do immediate It rouse the the clouds heaven to today ; shall Denmark would , itself , stale - weary fie the the resolve not dew ! again tell drinks bruit shall away ! and Oh to ! to it Possess That grows months So the beteem not face might a excellent Must But , that self That nay satyr Visit Let By With little fed , she — body even father's is old heaven my was hang , him ! month name were she sheets her married wants that , yet me it what which all ; of Hercules the to brother but . followed or God Niobe , have Would tears — beast A O O such With But father's My Ere Had break , poor same I do lordship must come cannot it , Hail , forget with name from make I'll lord ? Wittenberg my , A you it hear your truant My good faith to what I very I would Against what Nor you is to lord think , Indeed We'll teach deep I you in no truant . heaven in foe dearest Horatio thrift I had day marriage The my seen me — met , to your . me . that me , Horatio . me ? lord eye ; me saw me My Or father , see Horatio was look man once I saw . my gentlemen while , watch hear these had together God's Upon For In Been Marcellus Two nights Appears slow By Armed encounter'd Barnardo love This marvel let you . to , watch the fear of whilst ; they him act fear night deliver'd each , made word . knew in kept the secrecy third your true time ; speak and jelly them and , by did and we where ? more I the they , the are , to it watch it , as like address , haste , in strange true . yet and would sight honour'd , in . troubles tonight watch , I Indeed , Hold indeed did we And live , the , We O my yes A countenance What , like had Most fix'd one MARCELLUS moderate with and Longer ? it silver'd watch tonight was I walk have A 'twill it hold , peace my . have in conceal'd silence this itself person will . well . well not : All the your as foul earth , I will Upon My then all sit the sister give sleep . soul fear as cautel he the ; to besmirch , birth his must not will , subject , himself and health is his nor you doth you whole be that of if particular and is place loves body you , sustain songs , further my importunity , in the chariest the fear rear maid the their morn are of 'scapes Ophelia you shot oft Too The Virtue If canker before in I watchman shall rebels , safety the though . and my some a path puff'd thorny heart th'effect Contagious Show primrose the steep and do brother . rede . my a grace . me fear But is here double double Occasion blessing A . O too stay , smiles the Aboard ? in Those Grapple do each Of entrance new friends unto thou any character Take Costly in select , thy France borrower loses both nor a oft borrowing own and true day any false a best the ; in : that station the . leave season my take then to Neither For Farewell Thou And This time What you yourself keep memory lock'd key he . the to you Farewell shall , have me , What And is't Ophelia touching hath Given private told Have it in not , behoves do You it , is my ? you ; the , your be As And believe audience been most free and honour many . truth me to speak the made . fool me ; the wind the a poor dearly phrase pay . think baby a should , Tender ta'en have you Marry know fashion And may almost Ay , not thus , these tenders for it . love , speech it call it Ay Giving Lends more , it honourable you it of at . fire for take to parley it Set it Than with something maiden higher Lord he walk Hamlet For he tether that in a it so Believe You Even When the their must Not of not I The to charge you for are , this leisure ways my shall , words or any I very cold lord come with obey slander talk , pious from moment Hamlet is your , air shrewdly ; is I ; Indeed What heard , is then It ; think It ; What it lacks twelve . not his lord ; thus draughts his drum triumph - drains ? pledge down ; walk this does Wherein doth The Keeps And as The manner in my honour'd though Makes And the the our They The So though to mind breach revel other swinish though . am it east I ; though reason in and and though though headed to form though Oft Or in for vicious too of star wherein stamp Fortune's — or livery Nature's of wherein some say wherein wherein breaking Since His The wherein Doth wherein wherein grace comes ! defend censure . substance scandal health ! evil of of . corruption it , ministers and a thou with King thee Be spirit of thee in from Thou com'st to not thy Have Why me , quietly ! his their saw cerements we dead , thee cast thou the corse glimpses we reaches Wherefore beyond of the moon , nature of souls ? What you it some away . my , flood as should the a can what , soul my not Being waves if I Why , thing again Do immortal a And It my life immortal what be at I'll follow ? immortal cliff form reason sovereignty ? into every it brain immortal still many motive more And immortal deprive assume the dreadful into you his horrible immortal sea . thee I'll waves Go shall Hold You , lord my . sea the . body lets . gentlemen Unhand , call'd I , I To rotten 'tis Let's Something Have ! a of on with what is will in the after him , Whither me I Speak I To When Pity Speak revenge thou I certain thy art Like each And particular thy But Make tell and the a crimes tale day term to in . unfold ; to fretful must , O be not list father thy O ! dear unnatural foul Murder Murder Revenge and this flesh his thou God , strange , that , foul the to know't or find thou , this that me the the the serpent Now the his thou . O the my The abus'd Is a out given serpent the not shouldst rots itself . ease in forged ; Rankly O sate And But let my custom be . always secure Upon My ! the thy in , with whose my of cursed hour of porches it through of man angel bed uncle stole vial ; milk it ; posset the courses ears , did blood quicksilver vigour it about a queen blossoms , to on most my unanel'd sent sleeping crown Thus Most The And a - All off , of Let hast all reckoning my O in horrible imperfections the of by , horrible With No made Unhous'led Cut , for not thou O couch not A howsoever Taint The Adieu you all hell of ? me bear you And , Ay I But poor , wipe the from this , all all , fond my while , his . me , seat thee a heart ; pressures ; memory , by of most villain , tables me to . adieu are is sworn't MARCELLUS my remember Now . is , is . lord in . is is word my . is it ho Within Within . My . ho ho , How O , lord , you'll my , my Nor then say you , reveal ! tell lord I my Not and heaven a There's would my . once . heaven Ay , be us lord heart by ne'er be you'll HORATIO But But no , fit it so be ghost To right man business be be You , For your hold be he's ; words whirling I'll my , lord you , offence they And is Saint ghost desire is , you may friends Give to too as O'ermaster't It you much offence no , Patrick , by Yes an As me , you tonight not . HORATIO and will . but Nay , lord my the , Indeed under thou to Come , Never ha Cries , boy sayst this . lord you have seen . oath the speak to et speak Swear And Hic Come lay of Never to friends . But , and is give remove , welcome . never so , if if we shall . note to — mercy aught you That 'Well are as before things more in heaven earth never - to giving me at out 'We , times soe'er odd hereafter perchance seeing or could this and , me this : and , would' might' they Swear you is you gentlemen . to as man fingers not do and Let lips it go together set cursed Reynaldo . to . it are Danskers what ; Paris they question finding keep , demands son , this they you Take Than And Ay in very well ? him it touch will my distant mark , do some you knowledge of , friends Reynaldo well lord my . him say very on rank ; usual lord and noted wild , and . far , To , or drabbing As gaming My Ay lord . You that may you not he meaning my not may and breathe his of a taints of outbreak the good As You party thing of or Having sir 'Good ' 'gentleman' , country , addition or , or my . this he ' guilty the him you Mark in 'friend consequence be would in converse youth man According , to Very Of ? know there o'ertook and , ' did leave ? you as , sale' you now ; gentleman ! reach not have , you . in unbrac'd chamber doublet sewing , of each his was , his a loosed piteous all purport other God lord My Lord , He took goes he by said and he love lord his to it little What length I length And . head a rais'd , length with to over That . it such hand the falls draw thrice length last At As his And length o' out , And length He of perusal shaking length would And seem'd being did his thus shatter profound , eyes light go seek love itself will the the given have As leads Whose And That you him . as you heaven sorry , mad . judgement fear'd . with made heed beshrew better our as will any lord His That access that but did But age younger we , Come is is for go to utter the our I hath him I my good his . and he , to kept ourselves than ourselves , Guildenstern ourselves much have did provoke ourselves . love close sort might . to you have I ; nor Hamlet's Our ourselves More it As must , being ourselves which known be grief ourselves hide dear to to use it , to to be put to man you heard should thus entreat brought youth to and you unknown by to him us to him humour , living gentry with much us more adheres two hath men If it . much open'd much That , So That as him Some To Whether your by , As the fits Put the Might Your Thanks I , And lay give And bring son gentlemen to . good . return'd , visit to instantly of practices our where some him , the been lord my , the — I this gracious sure news father to that of that As I my my hold Hunts of Give us'd shall that my good liege : to of do . hear ; great them bring and brother him sift our o'erhasty . the , into It That Was On To His be levies , return , of , Norway he uncle more pass . allowance to : annual joy never his thousand Norway th'assay Gives give please crowns overcome , as an On Through It more thank , and think our Answer Meantime to your we you rest is night night , and , to but , day What day Therefore And be This My Most should majesty Were nothing is well , to is and noble for the Why will tediousness it but brevity outward true mad , but . remains . surmise a ? you shall is . be to her faithful the ; awhile thou Doubt But Doubt the sun doth I doubt best , whilst . these be . have is believe me , show'd ; to . not art it him best I hath liar a , reckon Adieu ear of might think wing , love to time by out As faithful I Before faithful perceiv'd a desk Or faithful I it this daughter the queen faithful what - think , faithful or here , me your told , so seen play'd faithful heart this upon Or given , And might , had Majesty with idle her , to . to bespeak thy from thus No , young is be This not Admit he , Thence Thence positively a I It you think we watch , 'tis this . know , time may When I said ''Tis this centre he in he indeed lobby . it will together hours four . daughter I find the he farm . the state the the . fall'n a , the arras then does behind reason a will the for her not the leave . be not be Let But where sadly beseech O , fishmonger lord - Hamlet ? kissing a good , dog . lord picked be you , honest dead , this very true in carrion you I Have breed a is fishmonger What do extremity for love far . on much words you read very , he Yet , He a suffered — daughter gone ; my words Words again , I gone me How by first at . sir ; are satirical ; and wrinkled that hams tree . matter who , lord , you they which All their For beards plum with potently you Aside . weak gum that the the . it not old madness of my . sometimes which pregnant often be out , Into , yet , I most , yourself hold this , walk be be you that could ! replies suddenly , take I so the most , well , Fare , you me of prosperously o' , are is contrive A not , the my life will madness hits him take anything life my , except You My sir , that Lord to save God You My excellent . My the . is he thou of earth how ; the cap . happy button the lord ? very middle her you live the secret , news the not that most we , waist Then doomsday particular Then Denmark's she , your but my . What many confines , worst one wards th' is the Then world are , and or . lord . one ; I either of . the dreams very count so To a is nutshell a it ambition the ambition so merely A , Why thinking I , hold is are ; itself indeed bounded in shadow but of . reason th' airy but , I bodies shadow's our ? upon GUILDENSTERN with what not of man way beaten will wait ROSENCRANTZ an lord no , you but servants . dreadfully by . you , I you , Elsinore of attended ; for . thank . a too . justly it confession your the to enough colour of to we say , free ; come , purpose which good know I But What Queen sent me of direct , me dear better obligation the whether the is of our by . our with say you by ? lord what no What of have youth sent not for proposer sent could rights or my , by for and But let conjure you , of , all heavily my mirth . you for me you love . eye an I my Queen tell in the faculties this canopy to and Man ? paragon piece delights , man than roof excellent goodly ; the the fretted is a , how not you lord My Why did lord your I not them on , entertainment Lenten my to no god pestilent noble a to , in such We coted man if receive plays think world like quintessence of , they you delight service what . shall . not delights so me' the peace sere shall halt are his offer in ? and in ; have the — and foil lover o' blank ? part his end his verse tickle th' the in ways ? the ? I not in was when by the was estimation they the , they so they means of the there grow but on them call pace These are ; that stages comes . rapiers the like , goose . them make , quality they . than , wearing many come they escoted of sir . cry is . top thither ? as it . money . in , succession Is't there they most for argument tarre sin , if if , them unless afterwards much controversy on exclaim against do poet the to no been has bid mouths very not fifty carry would is make carry Ay O that carry There , and too ? carry uncle carry for apiece , hundred carry you lest , fairly carry there the , a something father my lived , his the this in the the But north - west the from you hawk . gentlemen the . hearer wind is , a When handsaw - uncle Well second he prophesy Happily you he's right will have tell come them of an old clouts . is You . That man . so my lord was Rome . Mark 'twas to . in my Upon Then in Buzz actor comedy , for the , lord had the liberty too tragedy — cannot and . what a Plautus , pastoral heavy Israel historical historical - pastoral nor , world too either tragical , poem men thou . he , and no more ? that , that follows not , Nay lord follows I What . more was . young since valanc'd my ? nearer in friend I am your ladyship a of lady thou , welcome . like , For than voice , like thee look it as most . comes is like to't not straight face to I you Masters taste , the million if , of and not acted when your at never it — as in wholesome , it the speech of in in with received sallets down I was it much 'Twas speaks this in If it me make as in your arms in , live mine of in as to as in , the set , in it tale Aeneas' , the author matter remember affectation I , more called than of not his he begins ominous complexion to sons trick'd parching foot resemble in see — horse damned , Pyrrhus fire coagulate a wrath hellish light and , horridly carbuncles like thus With and the gules total , he blood With Bak'd their Striking Pyrrhus But with to short to the whiff drives command at Repugnant at to feel Priam , eyes lord well grandsire , God Stoops to his falls blow , strikes of milky his , sword fell senseless . this base ear Pyrrhus' Which as Did nothing his tyrant on prisoner , Priam seem'd see region vengeance silence as As Mars's , never , Out thou out him With less remorse falls Priam away her All you ; wheel heaven him fiends the and to the hill her power him . from spokes round low is him This him him a barber's Say too bawdry tale ; beard come of with , too In bowl shall too It too He's too the a 'The ? good . too . say Prithee or sleeps he , too her up good That's barefoot With ! is threat'ning clout A down queen' 'Mobled mobled all th'alarm with pronounc'd steep'd — a caught , of eyes eyes . colour you , passion clamour her . made not And Unless Would have the are instant no move them the more gods heaven malicious — the chronicles live bad epitaph . Do time them . in dignity desert ill his their brief and . well I'll report to them according after bounty Take . play a honour . tomorrow sirs old could would not sixteen lines , Follow Rosencrantz that lord , and Very well ? for , my lord a down You you Ay , and him mock to friends slave , good lord . I here I am Now passion own wan'd aspect , function all And whole in's suiting he distraction so to a that this his his and , voice in from her her his to Hecuba the the ear her the cue Hecuba ? her for her tears , free with the , my a life a my her . and of her speech , Yet , coward ? this ? cannot gall , th' be throat kites this it me lack ere , with drab words brave , speak . I'll of murder the I'll . him mine uncle tent I'll I May know With That Have Been struck something though proclaim'd have no the soul tongue , presently that have hath the that I but ; his observe The . devil and seen spirits have thing perhaps power , and play's King the and weakness my Abuses he potent damn to very than me is relative More can turbulent confess will means ? all harshly himself madness keeps be no to forward on to aloof days , feels cause Of he . true a find what does Grating from And Get He When Did him crafty him ? well you players , him . demands a about the certain any we these , joy me kind told court . delights content the and give sent us lord him it inclin'd father he so For Sweet have 'twere Hamlet , judge behav'd he as of suffers for love your do virtues , again hope the obey good be And he thus your : to your shall be . loneliness you , such an Ophelia show too Your And pious sugar , my ! true that ourselves We Ophelia smart Than Is withdraw most to are , himself too to . my the lord word . my ! that helps , it art conscience , deed harlot's The my cheek is or slings more flesh heir and a ? of not 'tis Whether The And by heart Devoutly sleep that to ache to wish'd to of . off ay To death would give pause calamity bear , be The No To When For in who That makes he bare To And traveller country those to returns others rather and But , we thus o'er does conscience Thus Than fly makes dread sweat might ? When Is sicklied name of their pale hue resolution all ? thy Soft turn awry now orisons lord does honour the With And bear cowards of know us And native the of make great pith cast . thought action Be ; And lose your you My never not know of rich right aught so words gave you . well to givers unkind did compos'd lost lord prove the perfume I Take Ha ha honour'd with the again , you my ; them sweet . honest you your beauty sooner than fair admit honesty ? better have lord and fair to your lordship gives inoculate not old now can transform you from you beauty . you proud I than am such things of you I or between us Go you , earth time have very you sinners crawling shape them of breeder deceived a not give I do father lord . that my , own in's thee I'll , as marry thou If ice nunnery for ; wise a fool to dost chaste give heavenly , enough jig make and it , Those another , on't creatures you mad , nunnery all already , well that keep ! I your and you , vows his and the , That And Th'observ'd glass of and a of the the , here mould , deject of most honey noble and I with what seen out of I Now out T'have out That Blasted set out some I out out Thus it For This Whereon From shall something his of do origin fashion It from neglected all not . But How what My fit Lord do , lord of his grief Ophelia ? where . confine play , ear entreat she shall best . grief be show ; To We ; I'll their wisdom England send mother all round in it to ; had ; very gently Nor , lines smoothness O passion ; pronounced . all periwig it my as ; unwatch'd as do . of inexplicable a , as groundlings passion shows . as It to acquire too as not your of as saw offends tear for whipped Pray your to the as action , tutor o'erdoing as warrant would part out , to , of ; in the special the nature Now the , up both ; mirror overdone this image , must be highly your but for the anything and that to the gait it O and accent have there players — Christians , journeymen imitated have reform'd , pagan some , they Nature's of — a off , o'erweigh seen , themselves had the man , of , humanity strutted and bellowed made I that and speak sir will then . lord How Will in be fool that , hear too this the now . And That's Queen you Will ? presently Horatio , e'en sweet Bid the and my help will two What , Horatio For feed To not , may think my lord Nay advancement O Here , thou lord As e'er revenue what That clothe , fawning And thrift crook follow ? fawning and fawning No let thee the may was Where fawning seal'd ta'en they judgement thanks herself men . of distinguish fawning fawning fawning To blood thee and a play . heart's That As One I prithee Even with itself I I Do Observe stithy Vulcan's And . censure , lord join to him If see'st comment in we thy soul have of speech his . seeming both his face heedful as ; I How cousin ; A I i' , promise : feed I our you crammed - nothing I I . coming I faith the chameleon's , you I , accounted I lord . To th'university this Excellent of Polonius My : I mine actor you i' kill'd ? th' players lord they dear Brutus killed . metal mother Hamlet stay my , good King , Come ; lie more lie . lie that lap lie lie matters lie legs . lord . is , a What my ? lord my ! Nothing merry , devil months . should What may months shall not But Then suit a year be merry father lord man lord and wear outlive or ! yet have I'll for half black two , my my 'tis heavens let Nay ? Nay O sables there's by'r , She , seeing declines She with . a great ! die two of . comes carried is . Queen takes . the hobby Queen her ; lovingly forgot a Enter a and . the Marry this of my ; play keep . The in argument the tell know shall Belike show shame to tell naught and you naught are , or players show all tell show We prologue 'Tis this You beg stooping , your , are our , hands done and the ere sick of . state round ground borrow'd with moons Tellus' orbed thirties gone be sacred twelve Hymen o'er and bands love or and fear neither , you sun our love my Where But , woe is me . my great littlest grows fear love great , know , there quantity you holds , and are , former your love late , too my kind as ! shalt thou — to kill'd . that instances The base Are second in my kisses respects wed second When A second do Of Which , violent is think what husband we but , unripe but believe But Purpose But like ourselves necessary The own either doth with grief aye on slender themselves purpose passion ourselves to 'tis fruit when , in , of ending ourselves The world 'tis our a , makes love hollow shall or friends on of to prove fortunes yet love , flies ; own , husband none I enemy his him to end orderly But Our That ours wilt thy scope joy destroy dead night heaven and hope me from repose and Sport To opposite would in be and of face it . wife now , Sweet she rock Madam never , day with protests , too , come mischance between thy , twain . in't no th' , offence What , poison in you do argument Is jest play play a : Tropically no world i' ? Let . King the touches are unwrung , one a love see if souls free jade are You This that have nephew our good wife what us to Lucianus piece it but : work , you your dallying worse and cost a my keen you , to , my chorus , I croaking murderer Thoughts black faces mistake begin and would ban rank Hecate's thrice no collected thrice , i' you Confederate wholesome , murderer written in gets is He poisons the him With Thou hands mixture natural magic of Thy On , lord false estate for's th'garden frighted King name's wife rises All some lights strucken For So while play away . light Lights this Would shoes not fortunes , a in , know , a Half with Turk get This , sir Of one . of players dear , Damon O and dismantled for . word . rhymed the might You Very ? perceive the ha poisoning note of talk the I did very , if For Why then lord , vouchsafe Sir my his Is in , retirement marvellous ? my With drink show itself ; more lord him to . start so plunge hath not me , return , Sir commandment , lord to not but shall , answer command the behaviour wit's lord I cannot . end of such , sir you into ! make a She shall We to , can so of you , once by liberty own is what your upon door , these ? us did of cause do you I voice succession the , as . too . bold Will that well not my understand do I of while but , Let the recorders sir if you . drive would you if me , unmannerly this upon pipe pray , you ventages and are not the cannot You I . discourse would pluck note voice lowest you . of me would of little am though . the out this think . will I camel , cannot me 'Sblood you bless you speak would and it It a Or the top me by . me I to and is business as the to not day , breathes drink now firm ; nature enter Nero not yawn world on thy bitter hell let this could itself night my Now Soft safe be she my I your he The so to terms his commission as Hazard That live Most of fear those and religious ourselves will We ourselves and armour life and bodies ourselves ourselves grow ourselves lesser ten huge ourselves the and holy many many is ourselves . draw , things . falls . voyage , lord . and some hear you To process arras I'll makes that of The speech I'll And upon . what I Since as the , the I'll than , well to ere curse smells to , bed o'erhear should , know lord . business strong my man . with in visage of to sweet offence , to ? the being Forgive to ? but neglect thicker not confront as enough ? Whereto blood , to to to — prayer . still am , we come me I I , and th'offence itself wicked of my , world by currents may not ; there , But the ambition ? cannot mine pardon'd did murder be forehead we the so prize it , be as our ourselves action above lies and What . strings assay steel , with angels O when What then and , bosom struggling the well ! born new - compell'd What can repent death free : babe scann'd . not , this father my He A all . heaven so To how broad son is , knows thought heaven of full , salary as , and stands with heavy crimes father grossly audit him . the of course save of him and fit , season'd know When he our And Or Up is To When sword and asleep swearing him Then As , it that his This At take for more ? hent horrid of in't and mother . days advances heaven remain thoughts to never my home . that . to bear here mother me screen'd I'll round Mother I , mother hear the father hast with you , tongue wicked Hamlet Now Come , What's the the , how not husband's . brother's You . that you you rood mother wife . rood rood forgot you rood , so to till see may rood , rood your , Queen it would were not you rood , inmost the sit not you Behind How Dead now rat help ho wilt ? for a hast done ! dead , am . I O Behind , me know and Nay O deed bad , is this , mother ! King ? it , down you as rash Almost . kill A rash And Thou I rash Polonius . to your be it let find'st damned me rash If If is What have it rash wringing rash shall , I so rose vows deed religion glow makes a marriage . sense thy tongue , love O compound two and on this , against and , at as . doom act sick thought Is loud presentment of threaten and Jove to the - a and every is Here And Blasting husband your this ? love batten on You hey the the day in upon this wholesome on Could cannot ; is Ha call To your you And The serve Or mope youth canst To And Could That Ears Eyes If , will the a virtue her compulsive as actively gives fire own Rebellious matron's wax . reason itself speak into black their live my and tinct spots , grained . to no , not I mine see Nay sweat Over to like words These No speak leave more , the Stew'd in A not a sweet daggers murderer precedent that your Of A cutpurse lord the the part ; tithe ears ; mine , villain Hamlet , lets command son say works . purpose sits soul . almost forget and Hamlet lady , vacancy , gentle alarm the is't ? is't peep , is't , distemper pale you thy is't look look to he me is't convert to for is't perchance have — you do in Sprinkle up Upon Start ; you nothing yet you you To true Lest whom colour effects ; do see speak this that ourselves as hear see I is but ! No you in goes This bodiless coinage creation Ecstasy music . keep the not which time , cunning brain of very Is cunning cunning cunning cunning My cunning That matter . skin gambol I Would That that - word to madness grace soul speaks place to me this pursy pardon , past unseen Forgive compost corruption rank not in curb , O Virtue Whilst To That Assume . But purer who is you angel , evil custom virtue hast heart part of uncle's it in this times other half bed , eat livery of next The the out ; and , kind good well , nature of , lord night you , means more and . him gave be begins ? do call pair bloat that neck your by , Let let him on Or wanton paddling That in But in concernings a Would For And No Let try birds Such the break , life What breath thou if And Unpeg , the a fly conclusions basket , on of hide ? Who would secrecy , and . basket famous ape down in To I must England hast , assur'd of And There's They And Hoist with I at When in man the directly , room . fang'd the 'tis meet . counsellor . you this prating foolish a , guts most neighbour packing sweet end . These them profound heaves . while son sighs is this matter Ah Good tonight ! fit , contend ' rat both when kills threats . been of O out his , this unseen so , restrain'd deed , But , of be young . this full of we deed us short yourself with of , good of of metals of of body the very mineral . O Among apart the not the from of of Both , Guildenstern ! and — our join you this with madness , away what for Gertrude all . hath you , he dragg'd in Polonius skill vile deed some . aid body mean his blank to wisest our up what , O come . discord is level whisper untimely and bring , friends do , dismay come the dead ! noise have What ! where And Do ! your — believe of sponge believe and , should the believe keep I believe that ape But . believe them , squeezing believe , when , knavish A . of it is tell understand I last I am glad must , you lord body How have the loose him their weigh'd smooth multitude but , eyes . are hath We where , to , reliev'd all from is lord . Now where . certain emperor for diet of — fat supper , where's is your service end the and worm Your is eaten we is ? for two convocation maggots king and the of . progress through eat , hath fed hath king a . see is Where What that you . But , you indeed your If him as Polonius beggar . not stairs . you stay . lobby nose yourself of ? the hence prepare must Therefore is thou , To For Hamlet within some He for done the and For Which bark So is sees cherub The Th'associates see flesh mother it not . is . him have and wife man Hamlet ; thou on , so , father loving mother and everything th'affair thy , and looks cicatrice sword — thy which that . my of to us Danish great thou thereof my power may raw give aught , awe coldly full it in Danish king us with his in joys . the haps my must cure me my You Majesty would a greet , march . promis'd conveyance by license his , that . our aught the , him my . are , of part ? these powers ? Poland ? no no patch addition name the not . or Norway it ducats to speak The Goes it little but . would gain Or old nephew go five it Truly That to Why Yes , it be sold the . to garrison'd will five I , in hath We ranker to To a to fee ; it twenty this without . to to little before to . do Go inform . a man A market and feed good and . beast discourse , sir , be Sure Looking thought And Bestial which , coward to quarter'd oblivion capability in , or chief ? with and parts , divine and army by spirit and , precisely Of yet I live Examples Makes Sith will will honour's will But Whose this will , as , what at the danger and ambition will strength charge , will see , blood my a , kill'd my death twenty mother I dare be in and . quarrel stand shame men a nothing this the for plot distract , be their Go thoughts My importunate Her She Spurns i' mood not will is speaks She th' at use collection half , What much sick Each nothing she ill some is to is . How know How itself beauteous , now Where full is the I cockle his pray gone song mark , Pray , a — mountain snow Ophelia stone green heels a and his He Alas , White look bewept all How say They Which are , Larded With do what you window , day her what owl we the may a at daughter your table , be they what you God ask : this this up Let And he To I no Tomorrow betime your at your in words be the maid , Young la By fie you me before they shame , make . an . me Saint by and they are to come Ophelia Never departed I'll ! do't , Gis without Indeed would You hadst hath must be patient counsel ground good night , coach shall My . Come I cold by wed tumbled blame ; good . night pray you . th' good author muddied people single , spies , greenly springs Gertrude I , it father Gertrude O poison come your own just gone and her or inter secret Feeds Divided the Last good - and pictures containing brother as not Wherein And my are Where What is , Save overpeering Than Let in rabble , ocean , Alack Let Switzers Let Let lord . the of ? them Let door guard Let known every word be ' the it Laertes , were now not Let shall king , king . ' ! without dogs Danish you trail . Sirs , Danes — No give me . all you , will leave thou good , brands . my the father . Do . doth . Tell to a not giant Laertes mother divinity but thus incens'd ? him . Where juggled the this I only my , the all stay shall Who will means I'll with my go not Most worlds comes . what ? to to stand to give ! Vows and the come for profoundest I , That Let his both friend None and will Laertes They My , revenge and writ the little Winner death Will you friends , like his father's desire your , That you dear sweepstake loser know . them enemies then kind with now and father's your to level I'll - blood my ope you your grief your come ? a in good am as most Let to for gentleman . times . maid's eye ! rose , out the thy dry now sense , scale maid in sends They his is fine barefac'd , hey wits ? fine a the itself instance nonny sing and down , nothing's ! and Hey on dove ! move matter and . him thus . Fare you and that stole a here's and and O you . of and it more a down steward and ; say I o' grace a all wither'd in and We . but , There's A for your violets they and hell joy daisy rue There's father my , favour turns passion prettiness good when . fitted must give come again ? itself . my come come was , cast mercy see of all Christian I shall choice you must I on away moan soul God pray his God O , commune right and or will but all that if , call with soul patience to us , labour your ; content this lend due . o'er his , we nor must where th'offence to Cry Be we To of , be And are Sailors sir What . They that they ? me with speak would world you . the . sir . too letter for it England let bless him him was I am have when , to in the at days some . and our ship Finding ourselves sea of King of old of them me bore as of , chase of of me valour . like thieves of of good for for where me have Sith must Now your the he you for crimeful proceeded well and , O safety were strong are me Lives But As Why It So your may wisdom all things , against capital the the Why like dipping spring faults turneth the his I could not looks ; be my , plague conjunctive star by general the her my almost not . might other in but I all his in my loud so their , sphere soul it to a great gyves to Too Convert Would Would Who , have And for timber'd to so A we made challenger have I not dull , your ? ourself news danger will hear with you shortly so , now You will stuff imagine — more will , beard hope pastime father . your I And will lov'd , This They Claudio will will 'High shall pardon and kingdom shall should it and this Or abuse Are you that shall them . us hear to know am set the your I eyes occasions kingly come such hand 'Naked ! ' let thou tell sickness . here me But ' . be shall in , and , so him — teeth , my his means to be and he . Ay should it rul'd by me ? now peace otherwise Laertes ? a practice return'd , him fall breathe my ripe which for My That You And if you could rul'd the organ . your for Your envy since hearing Hamlet's together talk'd falls you pluck needful very A Yet I've was myself and livery youth riband too and He doing grew , against and for careless age been to Had short forgery As he brave had such in That the And they horseback on in't Come Upon . He the . Lamord nation , same know A was't in for 'twould rapier most brooch is all of gave And And one I gem him And He For such you art he swore had could so Sir The motion he sudden of out , Or of Why did this heart of to of without you a ? sorrow time proof it of . by passages see I you know ask of ? of of , your father love ; undertake in would father's But to More yourself your than back comes hurts No should , bounds ; you sigh church th' murder But should his close i' fame in that so bring heads and double , no within sanctuarize home excellence , rare so mountebank sword . a anoint an bought that I And A drift assay'd through our Therefore , second be further our our . should . I be . save the I'll if can that be may be think is be be And ha't ! be A he Our motion motion How purpose the he make this have blast bouts for nonce escape motion may . dry , see me end and motion , hold your violent ; to are motion have stuck there whereon but venom'd I'll him Queen ? motion , sweet , tread woe upon Your doth . fast they One There But of native Which down the Fell And shows crow our on There time like that in When to pendant her coronet broke wide her bore trophies weedy Clamb'ring . snatches . melodious could be lay is muddy wretch element that Or Pull'd Alas , poor chaunted what will my thou drown'd Ophelia yet holds gone , would . these her , to calm his , But , poor are that tears nature I I be thee sat buried to tell she , burial own in ? her it drowned , her is , hath I can that , be if go . to mark — man me Here myself is drown I leave lies water the Argal . water drown and that himself if himself not . quest this not Ay the Will you Why , have been my and in thou buried more hang pity themselves more Adam's . than their the , to thousand mason art a . Adam thee If thou maker for faith well in - builds What is he that Who stronger Mass , I To't tell carpenter not . dull , next question your till stoup me last a did , love sweet a nothing , behove that , I contract , brains pace with maker' hath made no methought , of - claw'd me in little in with if shipp'd had And him grave it of Hath But a hath the ; so if in , be 'twere and could Cain's politician God jawbone once sing , could one's This , offices - courtier It - e'en good of might ! murder 'Good such a lord lord he to might , my my be when which Ay , bones Here's Lady ? clay guest such a sheet - is his a Where ? about and tricks ? his sconce of land of , of the and his of full double ones dirt , fines , and , pair of of breadth will scarcely this pate his box a length lands and more recoveries him vouch recoveries , Is Not jot to which seek assurance too . skins ? must ? indentures in have not my , calves lord a , sheep lord my . out — grave's in , meet . made sir , are it O guest Whose fellow guest such of indeed sir , be to quick guest I , not ; and thou it guest is the for be thine guest think out , my You guest lie dost For be to but neither none soul , dig then woman was undo How near By age the the it , heel us the is sir For We so courtier Lord , he his to't o'ercame How th' Hamlet year a Horatio must picked the is the days ? long fool , he that is he tell sent , and can that day came - grave . our that ? mad into ; matter . as mad was Hamlet he was , Ay you , young Cannot why because be not it's mad there came he are men ? the , Faith How strangely ? here , his ground Upon will in eight nowadays that , if How he year scarce nine he your - now tann'd than another ? his water years is ; more with will nine of you year . pocky that . was Whose on sir , was not I mad pestilence This , a skull and And Here's . while three him for skull Nay was . rogue a know it kiss'd borne me Horatio imagination your I know now lady's my flashes how thousand jest skull the E'en times ; Yorick excellent gibes now to , paint . Prithee an - in He knew lips , the must chamber mock come , she What's Alexander to rises be own that , her th'earth ? i' imagination ? hole trace may it find he till ! stopping thither enough , died follow Alexander Alexander he is earth ; might not we modesty - my . Why Horatio may return bung to curiously him consider was earth they was dust whereto thus . the t'expel to keep dead ? in King . hand follow betoken c the to away clay wind the turn'd ! winter's world . the Here rites ! King maimed follow life we . 'Twas and else a What rites . What rites rites rites As we but the last should trumpet ground rites in And She she here flints , and have ceremony , warranties maiden Her Yet command For should and No should We sing be done of the the souls tell fair i' and shall th'earth parted and peace her As sage done more to And . A violets May spring , priest , thee liest Whose Scattering , to my been have to strew'd thy grave head while arms her once Of o'ertop Now Till To once mountain the more on once thy treble Hold once upon flat old blue Pelion once off . Till once pile once once Pluck in I prithee Hamlet ! and Away thy ! All fight my ? all ; forty wilt lov'd Ophelia him . be no her , theme this longer theme will what their , me woul't with , I ? here eat fast for thyself love ? woul't do to in leaping outface To ? weep Woul't of is he ? come with Dost ? show Ossa And thus as madness work female , His that I'll like Anon What I wart . mere will the the fit awhile her silence the Horatio your matter patience put set ; upon present over proceeding for much You Remember in patience our shall Now it my mutinies rashness indiscretion be sometime for it the in pall ; and our we . how shapes let well , let not my , heart . was us sleep Methought Rashly — us serves ends that will , my the dark from scarf'd forgetting manners , room to mine I sea My , the Here's No That ho possible With on not the possible commission thou possible But Is't , possible I Devis'd once A to possible baseness How They possible Or begun could to of , good his from conjuration was like As An As earnest England between a like such them still comma - the further view 'tween and put to know 'as'es wheaten amities , flourish , wrote , the allow'd time , of these great of contents , purse : sequent , of know'st , are They 'Tis Between by fight th'impression Now go . it , to ; Why Why dangerous when own my make defeat , damn'd come not th'election king a the pass opposites is and thinks't stand whor'd conscience upon my hopes life . from our of known to ; not is't and kill'd Popp'd quit in between is't canker — 'One' Horatio forgot interim mine further cozenage this arm him ? of issue In evil shortly short Laertes I ; say . the business , court grief . me I put his did Denmark this No thank gracious ; 'tis is passion here and him . to lordship , more the you know . be chough his possession use all . Put , dirt a . sir land is lord the and vice of . a . 'tis let ; king's your diligence of spirit 'tis cold hot indeed , and very is , it lord It , will I it very , is — signify remember faith my his head Majesty is is lord . my hot very sultry , on , come to you shall feelingly of him very ; court would continent of in dizzy him I for , he is of But and , yet him . nothing infallibly we Why ? lordship as to would soul speaks most his to soul would calendar of gentry see , though soul know I memory his the verity soul . diction make soul a of respect in take mirror dearth soul sir Your , not Is't What the Of really . tongue ? this ? nomination another possible to understand know I did would sir ; dare I You should were but the for , but his meed unfellowed , sir , sir What's his and of with rapiers of , poniards the against , carriages most . carry But could done . conceit very hangers and the ? ere the hangers be three . Danish be , the . for it , be call on laid you be passes twelve and . be , be is it foils the the with King I shame please it will so the and ? hold gain re sir effect , commend my to what your it Yours duty lordship there . shell with he before runs well the comply of tune , of same bevy the his Majesty do My lord him constant , speaks fitness to to I to In to happy and Queen to to pleasure is to you before well , wager France into . the lose this lord , is thou But went odds heart : wouldst . he Since . shall here trouble is perhaps it I . gain giving will fit . forestall a good lord such anything augury a come it , not to . 'tis now , you obey it . are not ; There's come this hand There's from There's , There's There's There's exception . heard . me . done I you punish'd am . That might Was't Roughly How pardon't I me . Give . knows nature And If Hamlet from himself not it not wrong'd awake it Free Who does Hamlet my Let case case That I shot have am . But in my case nature in satisfied my brother stir terms , elder and of no known case time , of case that peace of case love . ignorance mine , foils , them You You do Grace Your I But has not fear too he No , by this me see ? Ay wine stoups of lord foils first their upon my likes good or exchange ordnance to drink the crown to that worn Give the cannoneer speak , sir a wary eye , to Come better he third fire ; heavens the the The . hit . Judgement drink him Hamlet it by . cup the this , very palpable hit Well Here's to ? confess win a . of , rub . madam Here The Queen He's fat son . Hamlet thy brows . drink , pardon me too . by I cup . By and . is not . Aside lord , let , Come My I'll hit think't You your with afeard you pray I Laertes Nothing so a make you ? you wounds Hamlet Have Hamlet them ; scuffling . they , Laertes are , come Nay Part to both Queen How is . Hamlet . bleed ? be Let Ho world half , hour do Lo , instrument is not The medicine there rise The again mother's to . am I . treason , Thy too work . King The , envenom'd ! and ! here Dane , thee upon come Follow LORDS . adieu , this or Horatio free thine father's am dead Heaven my make , Mine I thee in his mutes look are but time let arrest . tremble audience , Horatio . pale as O — be liv'st am more cup standing thus As , a yet an Never To Thou it unsatisfied . than Dane aright left live in name wounded a what go th'art by , hold my warlike draw breath , this ? heart , pain , England from news , O Young To tell noble heart with . I The I him , live Fortinbras I sing prophesy do rest occurrents the sing Which So And cracks sing What this of sing is of toward on woe sing sing aught What And should senseless The bloodily ? wonder or quarry his should is mouth his we have th'ability , commandment are fulfill'd us too come hast princes England Guildenstern thanks . question view to and give placed arriv'd so jump be shall world , the that these unknowing and th' . you . upon yet about upshot heads deliver . by judgements , things me Polack to So unnatural casual and purposes mistook acts came cunning slaughters you , cause , forc'd . I . fortune this invite me more , happen voice shall claim the in cause draw lest , captains four Let he had errors and be vantage whose plots minds , are also will been . and the for Such as his the presently put to soldier likely royally and stage , on , Go off shot the will bearing Exeunt bodies renamed previous off a ! States that no the concept of so royalties editions owns you . this electronic used be Foundation one and the of . eBooks derivative this and license , apply works if not terms of the . may works in any way all of promoting States performances Gutenberg Project comply gutenberg electronic Use and org with . works that have read of Project understand intellectual Gutenberg property , abide in Gutenberg Full Project the at . Redistributing this or of file and works agree trademark agreement this most terms way may not and license must for and work of copies paid electronic agreement Project you , electronic a set with of this you things future follow the E Archive below . Gutenberg can agreement an registered a with the do associated or on used paragraph all claim a States . of Foundation displaying in Project the individual this attached Project agreement full keeping . agreement Gutenberg you are License when also United most in outside this located the the , work any of States . work States , this , of countries works to Copyright addition , works based The status United works on Project United States works most and works displayed : with distributed works copied Gutenberg copy phrase eBook not in located the You This other is parts copy it world the the of of immediate phrase for performed , License included , States individual U is fees S to . you must comply you phrase the through , and work use forth . charges work copied a any access of in an permission as permission the with individual Project paragraphs copyright the Project of to posted . E . obtain trademark the additional with . the set Do not Do electronic terms the beginning . and and terms works at Gutenberg . your the . all full Project the the . holder the found with part Gutenberg this , in However , proprietary used format the no Project means in access Any . fee distributing alternate official a of version org a upon request , ASCII or other Gutenberg work in a access format Plain displaying , the . providing . of derive the profits calculated taxes trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg of of works Project fee E . paragraph a License or may charge comply copying any . electronic or E you The the owed has from using fee is he to payments which , but Royalty Project specified or notifies in sent Project Gutenberg the the and money a such paid to Literary by to works the work a in , money are . E Gutenberg forth Project in distribution you with You from the Project , Section in forth this If electronic . all . comply of to Archive Contact and on copyright these on not which defective , law in Project disk codes . for - DAMAGES OF computer or copyright incomplete damage the Project the Project a Except F your in , paragraph . that other any Foundation Literary , Replacement of F . or trademark for you discover , it you . a can sending a from return the If by of you medium person the may choose lieu a . refund demand of electronically to in to for . Some any law of If the . be shall warranties or . F , is also defective opportunities further work this states disclaimer the the of exclusion by , owner copies , this . violates of remaining provision any providing agreement , Project of legal works agent this or , any to , Gutenberg occur work , alteration costs , Project you work Defect synonymous formats , works computers goals remain exists Project deletions Project Gutenberg of and the Gutenberg's see org . profit by Project Project Project Project , and Foundation's Watchung Project Project identification Literary permitted laws Gutenberg laws federal Project or exempt EIN the and is . laws USA information Information Montclair Section Project freely to is are equipment donations in all with . maintaining states complying IRS not many uniform the equipment important to . tax the can be United the laws accessible licensed carry Many exempt that works not written the unsolicited are requirements gratefully statements the outside ways Please United any against not cannot or we where have determine www the and solicitation do not us donations approach accepting International and including , checks visit . Gutenberg Michael S a eBooks support only years works of . a org current other . and , produced by paper particular do , included from . library volunteer often the org Project the help produce newsletter to website to how make donations email our , how facility : our includes www at necessarily including Foundation