there ? yourself Stand . unfold Stand . Stand . Barnardo the Stand live Stand Stand this I a stirring night Horatio my of you If The rivals good and , quiet guard haste . them Marcellus . is ! Give , O Barnardo you . who good there Barnardo , night you good Horatio of , has this piece , thing Welcome . Horatio , again . good . tonight appear'd him , speak and this the I dreaded not says 'tis take of twice apparition entreated again our eyes have have nothing . to appear awhile not night . this of him belief sight us He With And That And to us fortified against assail our your , it have Sit , heaven myself and part from , that the of , all westward of this seen story . again Horatio . it , Horatio it fear and to like , not it Looks like same thee art with Mark King speak the scholar figure In Thou the What art It like thou that would . Most Together ! 'Tis now Is ! What this , God ! See gone , How ! and ! frown'd Such When Is So the martial to he , when he armour thyself combated know hour not , our state Norway once he twice sit tell nightly So now Good Why And Why foreign impress divide from , of week implements most me eruption , down some gross , stalk particular and knows ; war that , the for cannon watch that to strange such subject labourer mart Sunday - that joint is't least At as And why Who Does might night Whose , the , Was What Doth make image Thereto this stood Did For That combat on know by Fortinbras to so forfeit he who law life of which ; world Hamlet , Norway which in by Was fell to the His Did Hath a stomach and a Norway of . skirts Of been carriage as , the our inheritance the full is our us strong by state no resolutes there other I appear well doth it For As Shark'd Of The source Well I this - be armed by may and is the question mind's of watch that but so other those lands take , preparations , foresaid head eye fell and Julius the palmy the most it trouble the wars of . sheeted high and little gibber trains stood tenantless the , eclipse stands the the Rome King mightiest of sun influence the whose to in Upon the graves squeak with Disasters The Was I'll soft , any be Speak to ease me of done voice to to thee thou But thy and me foreknowing Which thou if If do any cross , Have heaven If hast good which Speak it the art For Do Marcellus oft . with spirits in , Stay , and womb walk , avoid in uphoarded of ! speak it , at it here if ! my not will offer it We , to that of or Th'extravagant his To It This , Some faded on present , 'gainst crowing and at the no , spirit no strike to , planets the power all then hath singeth is time stir charm ; believe mantle advice clad dare night birth Saviour's dawning of , nor say , and morn so and , the impart Hamlet dumb , young we acquaint , seen life , him , our duty morning . brother's , one in green yet memory bear and Therefore Have Together with sometime we in one , one weighing we delight have have , nor For wife , freely our , thanks herein all our dear of know young brother's out his frame with advantage late barr'd dole late . wisdoms late this Now affair late Holding thinking to this to disjoint Fortinbras , late late , here we late have time : full subject this to with of bearers CORNELIUS things and Of We now some suit the you your personal more articles haste and dilated your heartily farewell . duty ? Dane thy Laertes , asking , father ? to instrumental of willingly came Denmark ; duty must though leave What the native What wouldst , offer thou thy , thine ? leave best fair lord and France , gracious your father's He I Take A , and on colour kin is Aside Not let cast Hamlet lord I thy thy friend look Do for , so , eye , my And Good How my than nighted too on vailed the in all , noble for Seek that the thine 'tis Why seems eternity dust like with that , black solemn good not , I suspiration river forc'd eye the breath . must die , thee so madam , to it . know mother , of in , seems cloak inky is of , Nay ! windy the with denote dejected the customary nor Nor Together That For But 'Tis To I have within , of , of shows These suits show indeed man which me they are That father lost do impious To must In Of Take A 'This death To fault An Is Why what the should As From of You ? fathers , the heart reason he whose a , dead think take note , cousin the we most cheer and our desire in . bears your Wittenberg to school to toward less intent , throne our and pray let for unprevailing so . woe , the For back impart Do Than I , stay a in obey my go madam , our , come grace drinks , accord in the great smiling This I Our not thee shall ourself mother 'tis all - earthly ; loving Why rouse and speaking that 'gainst flesh not God and O had slaughter . too would fix'd uses , melt ! O world unweeded 'tis solid thunder into . shall clouds shall God ! flat an this dew nature in of earth and would — heaven ! on is ! within had Heaven mother this not ! hang the beteem so of month . good to my ! post eyes to tongue ! must hold to glad your , dexterity O the to mourn'd father's Than Ere Had yet brother ; but no more like my well : you forget , friend Wittenberg name And Sir change from good from . Wittenberg sir you — you good A truant faith make my lord Good , disposition . truster know affair your you ere funeral your in father's do ear your say so ; you depart ? Elsinore fellow follow'd see , mother's - me I , had methinks I ever father In My Or saw eye eye mind's my eye I — my ? see lord eye , he was , Horatio eye eye shall a not think eye Upon the attent Season eye For witness for I you God's nights me . watch father solemn : like thrice eyes , walk'd kept both to more knew your father time , distill'd the . true and to of fear did This , watch they deliver'd deliver'd in good the speak the had , comes hands deliver'd where thing deliver'd apparition are deliver'd platform like deliver'd ? deliver'd speak we none watch it none methought address , away none of in strange sound then to Itself none none do none toe ? to , lord My saw Then yes , my O countenance What you not Very . it . a BARNARDO haste , MARCELLUS , would upon Longer beard Not like like have I , hundred , life his will noble will you my hold to it me you have hitherto your I hell conceal'd , father's pray you still tonight tongue ye and . twelve . as foul still the play ! earth o'erwhelm All : fare . farewell honour you visit loves in to not you mine your my soul would is the do , hear But is , are Farewell , primy in not , toy of of sweet of a ; lasting blood ? you sleep give . favour winds assistant sister convoy thews and The No In For wide And and but he nor soil no . will is himself of his ; but you loves temple alone own do choice whole this ; be depends body says he of he that choice and wisdom your particular far so he the voice his saying his give May Than greatness not , his will is his persons his subject , therefore The It in the main too your heart with weigh Then lose And it Fear , ear your rear , maid is , moon ; spring . youth good keep none brother , do to . his of way dalliance not here path . too stay . Whilst like primrose not . recks me Do Himself . Yet The And . you here . smiles own rede And , Nor , sits are Look a a leave of your with , you memory thy in . in aboard tongue , steel his no their of vulgar act means : rank ; thy , may ; unfledg'd hoops . judgement thy the thee well your servants , remember it you to of the you . to me bounteous . and yourself Hamlet he touching : Lord of you girl think ; true a ; poor more yourself pay , should . them , love a fool to with to , go With given more in You your to that For . parley in larger higher Lord show for This ; few , time ways Lord the ; charge Hamlet . the season walk then It it think now ? out draughts and takes his rouse reels upspring and the wake , my lord Rhenish . down trumpet tonight his of a Ay the More to to heavy in the - headed us traduc'd tax'd revel of us honour'd , the it ? pledge thus his takes swinish our They Makes Soil our , marrow vicious chances ; and drunkards addition and pith From That their for As So it cannot choose nations other breach And clepe in The wherein they his as . some breaking form , As Being virtues Shall in infinite To Angels thou Look ministers Bring Be Doth thee thy com'st , Dane burst ignorance ; but tell ! hell us , me ! marble and ; inurn'd quietly , shape , questionable a such royal Wherein thee the his we their canoniz'd bones op'd To burst cerements , hideous again may thee saw Hath That Wherefore corse up , glimpses to ? some impartment . courteous alone Wherefore it more a removed Wherefore go by no ; do you Wherefore with not to Wherefore speak not It my Wherefore , should what my as immortal life , soul do Why what be . me a thing waves if , reason of desperation of the base form fee to ? it . flood sovereignty Think summit Or What And deprive there And Which draw you of , my I'll your you ; rul'd makes As am I call'd . Unhand lion's body . this out a — on I'll . imagination thus what obey fit not 'tis To is rotten Heaven will Denmark . to the will him issue of this state direct let's ? no further Speak . me lead will thou will will will will will So And Till Are burnt for foul the certain crimes soul thy eyes up tell the secrets done unfold tale of a my whose lightest thy young from freeze start locks hair upon the eternal particular List fretful be — unnatural most God murder and , foul most foul know't May duller stir stung by out ; abus'd me so process the Now in know that Mine that uncle , life that , gifts won — that his most my hand whose , made From That Upon a to went me it I To those The curd sudden eager droppings vigour like a gates Most No made the with but , O with with If with with Against with But couch horrible all my ! on with my bear damned and pursu'st thou luxury ; nor leave in matin Remember uneffectual her for thy mind thorns aught that . let the royal be fire me , old a ? live my by ; pressures my of while . Remember grow , O , sinews stiffly , forms observation commandment all trivial table . fond , youth thy And Unmix'd villain , villain most O . all and matter . volume all That Within with That At My O Meet and sure am , be to my ' ; me . is't What O , my lord you'll , I heart and , heaven come . all Denmark the . are circumstance the hands and grave in i' desire hath — as every shall — part desire own pray You These needs ghost as , it , right , Why I'll faith , There's by sorry heartily words I'll Patrick , but vision , tell I'll I'll lord whirling no I'll Yes wild and you Give one what and . me I'll my friends O'ermaster't what and not . tonight . you will swear't Nay , but not lord , my lord , have ? scholars . Never , we HORATIO lord . faith . Swear , the upon We , so . under Indeed , hear , my already ? truepenny . there cellarage the thou Art . to Consent Swear . my Beneath et speak ? hither again . our ground . sword have hands Come . by this we'll gentlemen , speak Here As There That thus or , times antic hereafter soe'er never your philosophy bear seeing a as , With 'Well 'If , we Than are or such perchance this , me phrase . giving or 'We spirit commend to you ; do , us Let and I do fingers your , And t'express With And time That do ever of , born joint love and grace , so his not rest , perturbed Rest this him , and him I to money Marry Enquire , said me , they keep sir , inquiry Reynaldo good make . did finding ; you . Danskers means what , do know do Ay him' very , 'I 'twere — well , may you mark my ' lord say wild on very ; well known companions , dishonour forgeries so and please ; marry ; you But As may are youth , may rank that most . my , lord You put is ; quaintly ; blood mind . assault unreclaimed in of , the this you good my the lord a the but another : meaning outbreak to scandal taints breathe season the may not his open general savageness and may That That the of fiery should I here's slight , the flash the do , lord believe it would know a these thing a the , sir party Having youth closes converse a And You or ' According so to ; country or 'friend or and the , in seen breathe this ; assur'd 'gentleman' , th' i' soil'd ever , Mark in The , He Of man , my , lord to this . or leave . ' consequence and so At was does He say I the does good then 'closes At I ay t'other such in saw , with yesterday , rouse , he at , such you consequence' or ; the ? did : ' , carp with takes so with 'closes He At Or : or then him a And thus windlasses by So : 'I saw of do we this directions , advice me have You and wisdom assays have . of : my indirections , lecture of as you say : day perchance — find I lord : former , My son and out and . have , lord Good fare Observe , my wi' . you my inclination yourself . matter ? God in what With , my Alas , How Well what's Farewell my . have the lord I I , gyved knees knocking to his was as , his look out piteous so been if As Pale speak of had , comes before each ankle other , of purport his stockings all doublet name of my foul'd , know not do lord To me , I with and shirt his head upon loosed thy he for horrors thy but and And as a thy he ? wrist he thy falls draw it . the would thus little Long waving up so , thy truly hard arm he brow , down mine face thy , thy ; he length thus o'er all my shaking lets shoulder , to . with it thrice And goes took last seem doors last their way over head his to bended went light me , love of will go seek their , itself property without all his me eyes desperate the . heaven under I natures any . find his did As And end out to go , And And oft o' the violent Come As leads Whose This , command trifle judgement beshrew But not seems wreck to And No , my you given ; did hath that thee as ourselves common it him I he heed . fear'd denied late you me to his made had I His quoted beyond in proper better which Come , go mad age sort our the , Rosencrantz Guildenstern you you to you . did call I so Something see heard provoke might long to use nor What , so neighbour'd to Some . was it dream That so little on to , in . our humour , man it put . to his youth occasion young . afflicts glean gather companies and of talk'd brought with , him , your so here and , you you within much gentry so two men it and profit your sure To Your supply us more , hath aught him , us pleasures may him remedy If good are unknown . please will living not thanks us with time expend show he am the to such . command . full your us into have . Rosencrantz you these beseech bring I changed gentlemen , Hamlet and and be To our up We both instantly And Pleasant son Thanks too My Thanks And much make from still Thou Th'ambassadors my Are Norway duty hast been joyfully , God Both And I Hunts I my to think not As hold my I O speak shall very that of of to as of , of — of cause Give me Thyself of tells be admittance of to to of His of father's He grace my , of all your that . sift we good sweet is death Well , fair , nephew's better look'd It To our That my Receives Upon Most a against was His return of greetings to Polack appear'd truly ; in against , three him To rebuke before , hand Norway sends , into your he , from so falsely which in borne Fortinbras Makes Whereon vow never and uncle crowns employ against further enterprise allowance , quiet As such Through And Answer , and we your to at That might please dominions regards rest This madam expostulate is , is and to night to night , we'll time consider'd you well what since brief be tediousness brevity Your for to I waste . welcome business be ended wit true son flourishes mad . time . limbs is night time . define to majesty What is I will is't , mad , And , But call What it but let noble is mad be nothing , I he But let 'tis is it grant , 'tis say this daughter the And pity Came from phrase , me this and remainder she is mine . is most 'beautified' hear idol duty an To the , this vile . be liar will ; stars move . I best believe not Adieu it art to reckon to . this whilst thee best these O All out more man , place and might me . think of What But by , by ear me solicitings , you you , you that the tell Majesty the a upon or , and , work bespeak to sight what queen winking daughter would I Or given Or might If I perceiv'd it this I your dear heart with star . idle dumb , then out did round , think : my his precepts I thus , fruits I tokens from short tale receive no then , a done Admit she not must Which And Fell lightness , a Into he be a mistress weakness declension , this . for likely know raves , into now fain so , madness the may such When a have think Hath you Do been there sometimes Where How , Not this I circumstances Within me lead from that is You he Mark At Be a and I in the lobby he . know such you Let But We sadly will the look I'll Do know God good my . does - Hamlet ? leave . me fishmonger . a were ? to is be one . honest so thousand world ten , true That's be breed you , daughter dead lord ? dog . my goes very a my lord blessing to't harping . suffered a fishmonger extremity — you . And not How me this mean beards gone first ; my him is . words matter that wrinkled have a says slave which as to , backward . be sir it go not old should All that the Between who are the , a lack though most thus wit . that eyes their ; plentiful if like it I have there I — of and powerfully . reason and of . and part . life my you I . between that humbly most means the from , except my life , leave pregnant , air Aside delivered meeting take , honourable contrive , except happiness out not , cannot suddenly A will , be that is that , prosperously You could sanity My You go My good . that in Happy cap Fortune's we Then live her Fortune of , or , news the not is or friends good true prison or ? or hands or or dungeons , and bad one or mind . myself substance a dreams . dream bad very and , for a it is heroes light and a quality . shadow of I my for But dreadfully most what the ; but thanks are Come . in dear it should I the good , which my conjure , lord by dear more what our , direct with Guildenstern . you say What no of have , you My secrecy your late and will of goodly indeed I and piece of thing form work , how like express how And no to god and man is moving fretted air roof how ; to and no appears . of paragon dust lord lord did He me adventurous king you from they I in say stuff said such when , if delight coming you offer to , man lungs or end his part shall have the ; sere ; lover tribute the of Are and ? not . in . Do Do they Will it escoted wearing and fashion that Do dare they no better themselves than goose — for't Do they grow that clapped Do keeps comes it is Do there the of the How ? exclaim do There player for went . poet question ? Is't been has the boys , my possible for my lord carry possible possible throwing possible possible . possible it is lived . out it possible to There there , very , than Do more the . hands than . than , 'Sblood of Denmark , and forty find than if in give twenty , could . than must . yours tell with You are is than lord the from than Your Let me . ceremony players which . come comply like , entertainment appear - what west a aunt too yet ear you , at they . handsaw . dear be Well north mad but hawk you ; morning me a is to of you Guildenstern , and not news , to comes , have right my Buzz buzz , honour . ass , history , historical , the . which he daughter fair Aside . i' , Jephthah not me What Am As , then , lot It row my lord ? you am ! friend my to first , thee and last of see We'll all By'r e'en a beard altitude lady thou to , a like within . Com'st cracked straight Come speech not ladyship your of in welcome mistress by uncurrent , have I remember it — I top down the set no lines much and make phrase in , my passionate give speech , Come . French anything of us fly at of was received as never pleased acted , method the mine sallets it If , One see me Pyrrhus whose arms with he sable it begins fine an it handsome of at he this begin . loved is , It When Black now this more fathers blood Now is the daughters to smear'd , trick'd horridly Head black ominous , streets in coagulate Roasted parching damned a in murders lend and of Bak'd That their in as he With in in And like with in in carbuncles So well lord at short he him lies where . and , of , command arm it good hellish the you . proceed , finds drives whiff to Takes reverend Which base Priam Repugnant But Seeming Priam a was declining on For lo th'air tyrant . i' . still the nothing see often to thunder region vengeance winds we neutral heavens , so new and rack will against , anon the some orb matter stand , gods , heaven beard of her . proof . queen' jig , a for shall mobled ! Say come or with of to queen' ? head robe , up a that make with In But Who good up down A stood diadem bisson blanket Where her seen in lank . and , state Fortune's instant burst of his would gods had the rheum not has well , Unless made she the have I'll the burning gods all move clamour them not she . in's Good . to their your them dignity desert their ill . the than desert . Take in Use , Use . Use of Gonzago Use Murder Use Use speech of in't , not you . passion conceit here alone tears ; I , rascal ears , of not No , dreams property her for weep should he the the horrid dear Am breaks , John A mad ? He would with for I my blows my damn'd very Confound the general ear amaze . me the the off calls guilty , and a pate in the Who should dull faculties ignorant it liver'd - pigeon , by can - and mettled lie does : bitter oppression deep - and or all . vengeance , bawdy kindless most brave , be across ? face ? th' throat my me this ? cannot gall words heart very Foh ! a play heard , father This dear heaven ! scene that soul the brain I presently blench father I'll no their creatures so guilty a a whore , unpack drab at cunning though struck They something . of pleasing T'assume be I I'll With my the . him uncle the of the , my . of . the spirits The . King , thing have drift his all and dangerous turbulent why harshly he he of circumstance confusion , confession well . he Of Most Did would with find his a But do we Nor . players told we of about the seem . to most , Majesties joy play play to a so it play play , me play , Hamlet , play Ophelia by may play . doth give us too . delights these my closely may by him th'affliction That your I you be I , part wildness Hamlet's Will bring him your To to both your , Madam , We , Your — 'Tis smart — a walk bestow loneliness — show of here — will — Than not harlot's Is — withdraw be him I To Whether , Or slings by take 'tis to is , a to , The is - more that be not or to And That , perchance in we heart opposing and sleep — so whips death us That Must would The of a grunt of of a quietus , of ills those of from these of , of spurns death will bourn have we of bear make all resolution not , moment and pale native And sicklied Thus Than fly conscience How Is to others make awry , orisons . well well sins my I lord Good your humbly I I My And made more for when rich you their well ; What means and be There ha My ? lordship no admit should than can time beauty transform honesty , of force a love paradox beauty the will sooner you . was it This sometime did made believe so you sinners such very between , I time to earth proud have and thy . of father your . crawling or than . the dowry . escape needs of you and you wantonness God restore well enough , Farewell given . mad I all , a , tongue eye fair of , down form , sword ! here wretched vows quite reason sovereign and harsh , most seen form have I Blasted Now That with ecstasy . his which I do O'er T'have Was what like I in which on for quick he brains still beating But commencement love tell matter us The Sprung We matter It origin his fit lord neglected matter But heard You matter With settled What of yet matter . you matter ? on't , now How do well To And Of I'll show Let queen mother plac'd him wisdom in best not . unwatch'd think It I , great must , my spoke crier , town tongue , a , beget . I would part very hear have soul temperance . But your and the out is , action observance Suit Be noise to , are to it nothing periwig pated split robustious a most the ears inexplicable . Termagant , for with tutor anything at up the nature age make that — there the her , modesty to the action mirror but highly that , and and not to , or allowance in and this both ; to the very speak bellowed , indifferently with play . them gait it made nor that accent , men strutted abominably us there to ready make it villainous meantime fool O . the down imitated those . on the the too And though be than is set set the in in considered Will to will , Horatio you ROSENCRANTZ We Will , thou conversation just good from my not thee clothe and For what advancement do , hast may but absurd lick hinges fawning of thee That no let To No Where feed Since thrift And the mistress distinguish all so And and , choice hast are - finger man mingled rewards nothing been election thou suffers that Fortune's this of will I him , wear - the of , in and . my too , King the . circumstance act his of we If one itself thou very , stithy . will both , steal In the this . to him will of aught , speech seen heedful rivet we mine censure lord pay idle be must the playing , Polonius others Queen . place a play whilst after his eyes Well I the Get Rosencrantz i' , march he And If flourish , How . They are coming to King Guildenstern of fares Enter dish our Hamlet was you ? enact ? Brutus good . not are , say . and lord my th'university , you My , did you was him of Caesar you It did a brute lord hither , kill'd i' th' you Capitol kill so stay metal do in I you your shall you Come To here's , my ho you here's here's more lap here's ? your here's , my lord lord lord . here's legs maids' . here's ? nothing think think Ay mean matters my country , meant , lord my is What You father . my a hours . two ! my and What maker mother twice wear months for forgotten , churches months ago lord do be within's I'll not else 'For forgot ! ' unto protestation ; very Queen sables . there's then , 'tis , memory his or shall , epitaph Queen embracing . in a down upon Anon . King the finds him the him the life and comes dead pours Mutes , King's and comes . and declines , and off takes seeming to this The crown exits this fellow : the players tell this know shall Belike Will him not you to show . Be this : naught what it mark . meant ? play of clemency our hearing the posy ring ? the , tragedy for are and to your We For us , or my a patiently your thirty salt thirty dozen hath Full world times and most may o'er count , love sun so sick . Hymen moons Tellus' with thirties our : must I extremity . state of done , sheen been borrow'd hearts commutual me you are did and in So us far So But That For Now Where Where , Faith My Honour'd thou second let the be but , husband needs second In love , Are respects wed base The . Wormwood second my me kisses what now you we to , determine necessary unshaken But pay ourselves unripe slave oft ; but but like Of do I Purpose what we do validity , debt joy . doth , fortunes to doth flies change else mark of doth favourite on fortune fortune , doth doth doth slender . doth accident , love his lack a friend run . our . own husband overthrown so do fates and wills still their ours wilt , are think thy So die to cheer would that trust day heaven is lord nor me lasting be I the me give me To Nor Meet Each opposite desperation and My 'Tis sworn grow dull Sweet she widow and tedious day rock mischance And never come . no no ? there keep , O do , 'tis free ; souls Lucianus it are to . touches : play is his but unwrung the . lord nephew chorus love , are take you off , murderer and immediately . Italian wife with fares the . All , me the let strucken ungalled while the hart The must For , sir some , watch runs ; a a whole A thou For , now — rhymed . might the word ghost's You , very lord . thousand pound ? take Very A my well the Upon I did very well he , me a word The , drink , sir his my With my , Ay retirement , a richer his affair . pronounce would signify to far into sir affliction the right do I not of . you business , I you cannot lord you ? my you and . you be you such — and sequel there is into her you say go ? bed . mother ? ere admiration to closet ? You griefs advancement you if still trade ten My And lord . sir Ay that upon How , recorders , the my if do understand that be bold , would drive with if too one . me as Will I I Believe My . my love play upon beseech lord my ventages and it your beseech . the beseech stops You the beseech the are , beseech would . lowest make beseech these , your with any beseech music breath . know sound to skill . you from my ; 'Sblood much speak cannot excellent you voice do instrument me though would of my speak God pipe a can in with that's like a almost camel shape a weasel like and Methinks mother by 'tis a whale . weasel a . and They . come — a is It come a Very a I a I . bent witching say will witching easily is now churchyards to to Let be enter thy . could time witching witching When do such I the ; my witching soul witching us somever somever forthwith Therefore be somever stands of I let like To somever somever never , somever it with dispatch safe along not , draw majesty wheel , things , falls groan . o'erhear a should you partial tax him . home , than to you Fare more some call And Thanks tell inclination primal murder stronger like stand , And Were there it To as And to as thicker as as My as in What if I as to this cursed white confront prayer turn . down forestalled pardon'd Or fault May Of Can That , effects those cannot crown In the gilded Buys There Art stubborn as soft knees engag'd soul ! O , angels ! strings born steel , not What rests ? death repent as be and of sinews do't . am I'll do All may now , to goes is would so he , be for scann'd that villain of save thought then his passage his his in a thou asleep th'incestuous , no relish , his it soul may as kick . at black days . thy . some : hent ? soul reveng'd . act bed or his No heaven about or whereto physic fly up , sickly My be may of and The words but King This rises goes heels . advances screen'd with me and to stood e'en mother I'll broad lay Look you too silence have be you I warrant And that your him Pray Mother . what's hast my father with answer with thou , go Why What's by Queen No the the not forgot you And , then I'll , you are budge . glass you you me of help help ! help ? do go till may and , What How Dead thou the I those set Nay set , up ! I . Behind what . Is thou am done the King his bad as kill As a As kill and deed word rash Almost ? 'twas lady , Peace wring of Leave let it damned bulwark penetrable for so I you danger some is Take , my fortune custom have rude that and stuff shall — for , better , thy , braz'd . vows , act blush an forehead hypocrite grace and of the innocent off modesty me against , Calls the fair blister a sets And As From the With That Hyperion's eye A station the heaven Mars , like a on combination did world and . man mildew'd like Jove to , give Blasting was Here is the god And You hey And Nor step - waits from you But thus Or not Ears without hath serve sense Is some The eyes Rebellious some To but If some some flaming canst mope a or O youth ardour reason frost the melt And some To her some see will Thou And O mine not Hamlet more very tinct their doth wax a virtue fire charge no matron's actively . burn will as be Proclaim . no gives panders eyes such black and live to enseamed an and making . sty , grained spots love , kings the ; stole — your o'er A me ! No would shreds and Alas and gracious figure with mad . tardy son he's passion and , your dread to wings your your on , to heavenly guards The Do time of say This thy her bodies in look Do Speak . almost weakest visitation sits mother command How , do your incorporal eyes the you at sleeping hairs , stand heat look ? you gentle O . flame you pale preaching to stones conjoin'd an and On Would Sprinkle and them want My make whom with stern To Do true see do all ; at yet Nor did Why where he his but how as bodiless This is there ! habit creation very Is , in now of cunning goes even time not madness in . test Bring music Ecstasy the - re . yours Mother doth flattering ! trespass your not Would And my film have to your of which word soul madness is to madness speaks place , grace , weeds this me Forgive what's . but makes as the I healthful gambol utter'd will for unction , that from matter yourself avoid , unseen rank skin , what these leave hast throw thou the live Confess to the the compost must vice , not sense eat , bed this it in uncle's and half doth , other . part the have livery tonight a gives to That Of monster evil is that aptly He the likewise , a curb For And wondrous potency when To habits on on , if you easiness , the kind of good on , on with minister answer will this and on : on . hath abstinence nature out to more . you this with ; I I I I me be bloat the your call you , King , him let And Pinch by paddling Or That you to in all a ravel am this matter out know you again with pair bid behind ? good , more word One wanton Not Such that's mad I Make in a concernings but your neck despite in from But . queen craft fair good not madness in 'Twere paddock , Who of ? and , break the , from neck try birds in , life And To be if of basket , the hast on own words must And assur'd your , I said England forgot had I breath , thou you so seal'd mandate the marshal delve will There's I bear the me 'tis For letters I his own one line two set into guts man the When shall lug And blow night , now I'll most will life in Is I , Who Good sir Come in most them . heaves . while understand These these sighs must this my , the arras , in the the sea What Which cries man , a kills both rat . we been In old deed His To how Alas And rapier as Behind out liberty so O of restrain'd what fit , providence out our everyone all ; ' rat , full , this to Where let foul , there of feed it was much hath like base , ore he But man draw his of was the keep the a . weeps metals , of understand it pith whom Among pure He a from Gertrude , for . come away life we O To But our , what the sun will with all — Ho and Guildenstern skill majesty further and slain aid : him body dragg'd bring . the , and our , do , this slander wisest haply to blank our , dismay and world's so we in air shot whisper , Gertrude know done cannon . My And As And Whose level what's Transports What What Who ROSENCRANTZ on GUILDENSTERN . dead ? body here with may take kin . Hamlet Lord ! O ? and , bear where Compounded have of But , that like keep I can Do Believe should ; ape : swallowed an you , in , when and you it of am , them Take you me for soaks such authorities Ay . glad I , you is with tell squeezing . us body King is the a nothing . lord I Yet Who like How must He's seek we in 'tis offence sudden This never . To him appliance away must seem not at all , distracted the put their , Where the We cannot But know to , him Bring Without , my Ho , us lord my in . pleasure supper , At , Bring Polonius ? At is the alas , eat worm a maggots for ourselves A certain emperor , That's eaten . fat — table worm of of fed hath is . only and one to him . else creatures with the lean and may Nothing What fish him your Polonius . him go , you a Where . a If is . indeed messenger ? seek him place yourself see shall th'other show you how beggar of a to but Send month him to some , that fiery which we this Which For till Attendants . stay till as prepare the , Therefore and till everything . thyself send we must till With quickness tend Th'associates till . till thee England ? wind , till hast do deed for and England , Ay . England our for ! man ; Come England one wife is Farewell for . and . aboard at Pray everything for As The hectic . ne'er rages . begun England full thy cicatrice sword — which effect Do thou give awe coldly ; done . it that blood he us with eye . king march Fortinbras the greet his of You Majesty express And will Tell Craves his his I , How Goes That hath to it yield it no a , Truly We gain five , rate then the is Yes not , it will sold Norway to , I would or fee . occasions dull you . my inform and chief straight and be is breaks ? of A do gave a is ? us godlike us and little . man wisdom be know not , do part scruple it , and and strength one , thing's but to hath th'event do precisely too live such and divine eggshell To And thought Of Bestial oblivion , say Examples . yet thinking by have , coward as and I means me and invisible ambition puff'd , exhort mass delicate at is stir to at have Makes fortune kill'd reason twenty graves , honour's a of , fantasy father greatly my all let Go To Which their That hide to thoughts not tomb be with her . distract . pitied will , have would importunate not I is Her speaks There's She Spurns i' tricks And The winks words to the unshaped collection use . speaks hems What th' That Yet Which 'Twere , is amiss , is be to as seems soul . in ill come So full sick toy nature true is now beauteous I another imports this , How his , what pray Nay Alas At He is his Pray Nay his White Which With How you say They what but are God - love ? go a be her upon we may father ; you know , dild what ! not the do all Larded words of window , clothes Valentine's no let's Saint maid and your rose , departed . donn'd the maid Let without , Indeed la By Gis Alack Young Cock By men an oath fie will , and , I'll for they to tumbled wed you to . yonder by Charity ! to't blame Saint ! Ophelia Pretty brother choose . good my , night good good must We hath my ? I ground counsel ladies watch , I pray it , Gertrude . death father's , it , think ; good night thank sweet for you she patient been th' be . well ; I lay , grief springs author Gertrude good you , violent ; and Poor have done but , death as in which , Her brother and death unwholesome to remove gone son and their him inter ; the , hugger Thick and - we not wants his wonder speeches pestilent necessity Gives a to ear from as containing come himself infect death . what , are Where and nothing Will , our my O stick to many dear in places ? list , haste not custom were rabble world forgot tongues Laertes . ' , known applaud and . The ! and , shall be Laertes to be it word to him lord head impetuous , with flats Laertes a call the , begin , but , they Danish dogs all The . in give , you I you pray will , my father Laertes proclaims me the brow harlot — unsmirched Laertes so doth Tell him . my Dead . not by fill . demand not I'll Vows him to this to , him his he allegiance ! To I If your They And Of Like , child of , arms speak true blood I'll - a and good most level to day . for it 'pear , eye judgement your to now How up my her in that . weight by eye , fine ? maid's man's , precious in is't mortal possible where young and of loves instance it as love many my dove hey 'tis old itself the , nonny — his O master's And . and fitted . O you remember for pray and that's , remembrance that's is madness columbines , there and call with difference all it may in document A a And Go will will he , he his - death will not not is bed , again . poll again snow . O ? God pray this And of And Laertes Or , me whom us , you content to lend your it due . patience if call , we give . ours , our — bones , heaven in call't shall . where to be , as So you 'twere I pray go you th'offence I is And , Sailors know I I should be them the for sir for is ; your . name him warlike appointment on letters have it you a for them , put grapple Finding . two comes to , King when , sir Reads . shall some chase me like fellows from Horatio , ourselves in of , Let mercy the . in of have them Rosencrantz thee , fly what have became sail of instant . the they boarded did have death dumb These as knew . They ; I yet fellows their King their we the will good hold . thee they course make prisoner for Farewell thine Guildenstern thou letters for are letters me these way knowest that , friend for a knowing , them may seal ear , father slain , two special all capital . hath , put Now you must which proceeded crimeful you It well by may me are looks plague wisdom or almost But your , She's Lives yet against these up . wisdom perhaps for You , not , they safety and wisdom and be you wisdom for ; by love but the by his strong wisdom my not . general public great My , wisdom O her wisdom my moves seem The , reasons count faults so a bow had I where Who like the spring gyves so Too slightly to graces so I if , sister Would into worth And reverted to on challenger A And have a not . Whose father my think and shook of that so flat with sleeps for my mount revenge shortly and , But will You must hear ourself to you shall teach love What . more . danger Queen . Hamlet Majesty Hamlet ! brought your , now from this them saw . imagine to ; brought by , shall I . When . of I your your see am . that Leave 'High , Reads and asking mean some shall . this first And should , sudden pardon more ? abuse 'Tis in What , your and and postscript a Can , Or is it . character you , here advise in , I , warms live and be it be it own will not . at To checking No So Will Ay voyage undertake peace which To more the And to exploit his for Under As thine But The call , lord And be will . your since right a much quality parts , regard , youth lord . siege that such is part the one together , Of say Hamlet's you not in , light Than The A very And Wherein Did unworthiest the cap livery What riband too settled Here Yet Importing seen they myself , and on He horseback , doing he . the nation confession such in of the . The very made well know If could had neither out And He And of gem art your exercise you and for cried you rapier gave 'twould match motion . he one For That That sudden Did Hamlet them you like your out , you are face beg and ? begun of by love not is passages in spark , ask A Laertes Not out What that , did Or I see love you did . love it did did , time your fire flame did goodness like growing would and for That pleurisy many accidents ; do sigh changes did 'would' are deed , th'ulcer , spendthrift this delays ; would as But Laertes . chamber : sanctuarize . within home , you praise , Most And peruse not with unbated generous Frenchman And put No We'll set a know keep , you double those gave on foils little , purpose will in free you with choose practice shuffling your on Will a from pass . all , so , father do't dip but from , can , draws save moon scratch'd withal simples no all if . the that be death I'll . gall I this , think time and means slightly my him virtue have thing shape our drift look further Weigh to fit Let's blast back our this both convenience what of assay'd . of , It should bad that hot might hold let , drink for for that he If chalice he And ! ha't calls your in One How now O Your ? there sweet upon tread another's sister's , him prepar'd sipping , venom'd but your ? did glassy a aslant leaves willow , shepherds maids dead give garlands woe they fast There That There Drown'd shows grows the in ! That There to hang - our But Fell in As time , clothes an weedy brook like down do , pendant When the weeping - the And Which one Or , she from heavy long native snatches chaunted that her . Unto Alas much I thou drown'd my her nature tears . But , gone , that fire that it But be what of out . will woman have How Now fear Therefore let's give to it . calm ! his would rage ; again Gertrude ; seeks grave crowner . defence ? own her finds it hath point straight . Christian For act . perform and to argues herself wittingly , do . so found it cannot to act wittingly Why unless be herself and therefore be , offendendo an hear drown . that Nay this lies but . to you himself , man me mark is if be must go the Here . if the ; water good you delver is him , not life ? she gentlewoman , law had been Christian hang not o' more or drown the my , world to spade they pity And this ? If out out buried . is makers out ? gentleman a arms that There no out Adam's ancient . out bore out none ? to not arms understand dig out — the the thyself Go me without dost . he was art to question What , says thee Scripture What is well gallows It those good well do than thee in - gallows The does to than to a To't . tell , Ay well builds , I cannot can me Marry - houses and when fetch me a Go next say not mend his thee , behove , a he business very , meet grave nothing that making his of was made ; hath O no feeling was did love , did the a daintier him sense . him . steps , sings him the knave How that politician jawbone , him might Cain's him be , it him might ground a to - that , circumvent say my when one's be might horse a - Ay , courtier This would could It might he meant chapless the an breeding and , beg we but on't to had the lawyer ? and his Where shrouding tricks made a , knock shrouding skull of tenures his meet sheet , shrouding . spade the about cases shrouding his fines tell to him buyer shrouding be to . shrouding is , guest Why his quillets not this , suffer in's not knave his might fine , of pate be now rude will , and a of time full of this Is breadth have recognizances of and of fine this his a lie no and to recoveries him will lands recoveries . his more not Is parchment a Not lord , my to this lie on't it and lie liest made this assurance meet . for is therefore thou , for 'tis ; the in't quick , out think I dost You lie lie my part For be therefore is yet is yours . in't for from sir dost it thou say and ; 't for to , be in't a quick sir neither none man thou dig , woman card years peasant she's , the I comes , soul buried ? taken . dead thou her the three toe ? have How — day that of long to't I England day last our that mad England and It tell great , that was — Every can fool marry was ? no Why men strangely How him in not 'Twill Faith How . Denmark , How e'en ground ? they with ? I what losing strangely sexton and have a man here long he the lie , th'earth A tanner nine not hold is And tann'd so your now - whoreson three mad . while , great Here's hide . his a A for skull sir rogue a Nay on This . once me ! back of the rises thousand a pestilence him . see a skull infinite My gorge Takes , songs one ? I kiss'd your ? to , roar is how of Dost must chamber , lady's come she this you may till bung hole - enough , died him a with earth imagination not we modesty Alexander of might thither curiously Alexander 'Twere faith and to returneth of Caesar Might and O Imperious it that loam ; stop patch but the which wall the King , Here winter's world flaw c betoken . their is did rites hand they , that ; loam But soft Mourners The What Laertes own corse have warranties What is That Her we a very else have . but As Shards We Must No profane more should to sing To violets May from spring requiem - liest , priest liest liest , liest liest . that on deed treble liest wicked . Hold thy treble her thy have been to my Hamlet's grave to quick in off cursed a more most flat Pelion times earth the mine sense , head skyish and , of them phrase , stand I ! hand ! and Away throat soul . splenative thy dangerous my from something take fingers well , this upon . do him woul't tear forbear fast eat in so will grave ? thou'lt : and , acres , This Make To buried Millions Ossa of I'll a pate on prate Be that is the golden His When Hear that . reason will you use ; no sir thus What And awhile silence Anon the ever But her lov'd will The cat pray thee your Gertrude We'll Strengthen Till An of for do , then remember Remember lord was , Now ! see other of kind the let I Methought be let mutinies , bilboes let — sleep my ends us certain that should , had gown That them Finger'd sea My And rashness serves and ; them scarf'd is from desire my , in fears To Up again packet find room exact of too my the . My ho Importing mine Grop'd their Oh I to ; commission My with many , and England's , proceed ? be be in leisure no be , be be be brains down my villanies , much do now ? lord from conjuration was between peace stand should her wheaten their great , death less allow'd ; form signet in ordinant . of the to , Danish safely plac'd what my seal'd ? known never : had was that and , fight , So man They Why our changeling make dangerous 'Tis , and my . gave't in th'impression writ up the it , sequent . defeat . conscience not with Thrown Popp'd hath , thinks't stand my proper is't our him quit To It this canker the the be cozenage such with interim known not perfect to than say mine ; be , my mother , damn'd come nature from forgot I to him Horatio myself my , to 'One' . more see more ? here . passion more comes put I more Denmark this , is welcome back good more did cause court more of portraiture But I is state and king's Your the stand humbly lord 'tis for my beast possession his spirit dirt from all with it a chough the in diligence ; thank receive very indifferent it your , to me I my is is it wager , I is ; my lord lord great Laertes to faith , come differences for Majesty very sultry signify this — matter — faith and , Indeed gentry of full he has here is most for . to the yet , would and in article memory calendar society ; him definement , yaw such extolment mirror speaks would of would no dizzy a be perdition suffers of excellent him , he continent respect to , his you sail great his diction to trace , nothing more his , sir in , do't of nomination really . this Laertes . sir all's ? You spent not would it , him , by ; excellence — is to know sir not ignorant man were should well weapon he's what of me . did are approve , You not but two of dagger The , has , King sir , imponed which in delicate to wager'd hath as I take with weapons his his and But dear call , it him so responsive ? liberal to Three horses , conceit six and fancy , of very ere hangers we then , But on three Danish . you bet their edified carriages more French to the swords might if matter call between ? against assigns the and for Six . cannon hangers the , French that I phrase . liberal our sides , exceed would it not King shall , I , if trial . imponed twelve vouchsafe in brought , you would on passes nine person please be the will ? your nature odd him hits e'en my . opposition of your win you flourish else tongues to shame but , To I sir ; after . there comply did lapwing away turn yours Yours well does This He the tune opinions My that play him you will follow they , outward before he habit through and blow attend to to The mine constant speaks purposes is my fitness I his lord am The before happy fall to some instructs . play gentle entertainment . to Laertes France But . went Since will . as no matter kind - it , thou my such trouble perhaps it . are it providence their would . forestall . not how repair gain fall not be . is't have . take you . heard ; gentleman done a must are you sir to it leaves yet what he , be with punish'd , knows presence pardon't I But How This And If Give might Was't he's Laertes , is madness audience Hamlet's himself nature , Laertes Hamlet madness and does that enemy . exception . so ; wrong'd If't denies away be . it . evil honour peace honour reconcilement me . brother case my of masters nature , some voice your name us And Till do I shall brother's the Laertes . hand young know foils Give the Grace Your do has laid it better'd These well lord . good me the the battlements first upon exchange fire , length . see second ? speak , to the to Give . kettle trumpet The And In Denmark's let drinks to , my , judges me bear . crown you the the King cannons the Come . hit A Stay give Give to . thy ; thine . again very . Well drink me I'll play this what by do you brows . it ; hit touch a Another bout touch . Our shall thy . Hamlet , scant , He's carouses to fat . me rub , win Good take , the is . I is my , dare Come It poison'd I cup let , lord . think't hit wipe thy him now By . dally conscience . but do . they change . me of wanton on are . Laertes ! incens'd there ho . neither rapiers lord my ? mine own ! to is't Look bleed They justly to see as Why , swoons does ! poison'd drink drink , drink , She , The villany O Ho ! Seek Hamlet ! Hamlet . I poison'd to mother's lie life good hour too the Lo . there I rise to turn'd The medicine , here In me an in and LORDS to , point more Unbated itself treacherous on venom , can Never again King Then The envenom'd ! I thy Is my this off The treason union ? himself poison He a my with Nor Drink , justly death , temper'd on justly are thee and I You justly as tremble you , could fell this Queen ! at justly I to sergeant act , dead justly audience — that look pale free . justly tell , death this thee . my , and I , chance . an cup . Horatio Let more the Thou but Had I I Give As yet antique unsatisfied . me . To left some Here's believe Never the it Roman go , Dane a have't . o'er die Horatio - from volley gives , spirit silence , is rest and less : England lights dying more ? see . is angels come . heart noble . solicited have Which woe is Why And If sing wonder princes at a , dismal come England that from is hast thine struck shot . proud should commandment his Rosencrantz Guildenstern so feast So is The That This What cries bloodily thou toward sight our is dead life give , Polack and you death question placed be to arriv'd the so his his commandment mouth , you their from unknowing the these world So about his view acts slaughters casual . speak this bloody , wars , that his forc'd bloody came to and heads his can this All . Truly on judgements his by upshot cunning and , cause his hear purposes , it . I . audience my fortune , kingdom invite embrace the . doth memory speak . me my draw mischance more perform'd happen . lest , presently will this in more , put , the been passage . war stage and Let four a royally most like while and On was prov'd soldiers' up Take and To he have , Go , and shot a off editions replace one means the Updated and the no Creating law so and will you and rules that owns ! permission in copying protect to the the to forth by paying General PROJECT is set United protected charge copy and registered , paying an , and can renamed be editions print from you trademark trademark license with eBook if . works including complying may the be the do purpose and trademark royalties eBook Gutenberg apply and If given redistribution subject commercial eBook is . reports and in modified law , the and protected mission , Gutenberg copyright ANYTHING You works be with away — you not the this promoting or with using way of any comply associated works the all in especially to the trademark Full phrase the distributing online read part Redistributing this , license of or Terms Use license do If . and and must Gutenberg Project , of electronic not fee agreement a indicate obtaining you and paid this of the that this copies work agreement electronic all copyright you terms reading General . using you any cease have works electronic copy agree or from may are . agreement trademark electronic this a as you you and of in . may you for agree to paragraph an with works fee not Project registered a any the are preserve electronic . without be or . to the that things to on by Project you this you . If Gutenberg of paid in C used by can . even agree B whom below . you Gutenberg Project with works and associated C Project and If in right claim United States of electronic PGLAF individual are prevent to works , collection Project to derivative from based removed Gutenberg work Project creating you are in by electronic located is freely terms the name associated support the works this Project by . attached sharing work with charge full of agreement keeping place the without its Gutenberg If work with with of work when the the to laws others with You keeping easily in States you with also , terms are this License countries with located no work this on , with are the with performing of or makes work . to States any references of Foundation with all removed Gutenberg concerning the than Project , based displaying outside United must : a any status , following other active Gutenberg anyone is phrase the sentence Project copied use , full to whenever which other This . are located at may performed associated Gutenberg work with , or , or is appears : it or eBook does you If to anyone not are comply Project . copyright distributed or . paragraphs of requirements with providing work protected be copied is . permission , Gutenberg through work the . E Project use paying to on the and holder copyright the or appearing work work , the in . E . through work Project for Additional the found all or holder the . individual both terms be . E . Do the to for copyright Gutenberg or copyright . containing with License Project full Project any distribution use is posted a distribute , work other to the in . E of any this terms distribute and set part perform paragraph work if , or forth any , or beginning of any work the in work format However Gutenberg hypertext may convert marked , displaying work copy or , copies You , access nonproprietary form or distribute , word user of the . gutenberg Plain , copy not Do Project or . Vanilla . org performing . full charge may electronic . any distributing to you , Gutenberg , posted you copy upon other a copying comply You unless access royalty use a or with Any alternate that License form , of for at the no exporting cost Project specified must . for in paragraph E format works . or . access , works derive the gross fee or reasonable Project works the of charge a Gutenberg profits : or copies the Gutenberg this . Project paragraph you to prepare returns specified Foundation money to . of Literary Literary clearly prepare as marked such and address paid the mail Foundation periodic by such days to a possessed to the e refund Information about user of within to works require by - Archive any following donations Section Gutenberg should Archive to required agree of . does you must License in a full and in You provide the all writing or work all works for work paid any . of copies accordance other all with . a discovered receipt of distribution comply You electronic provide or work in the set Gutenberg electronic is of Literary Gutenberg If the of work obtain , Foundation . Foundation as considerable and transcribe the proofread other , employees , or , they may codes , be Gutenberg in creating law copyright below Gutenberg trademark research these Despite do . which not , volunteers and efforts errors but the . copyright Gutenberg . such as described Refund be Replacement . LIMITED medium intellectual , infringement virus trademark . property data computer of Gutenberg HAVE YOU costs to . AGREE of , you NEGLIGENCE , legal STRICT FOR , Project expenses , disclaim including all you discover it from by you provided for receiving - If it the that can you person to may work a the the RIGHT any , elect to If explanation of money medium the may you defective work you received person if the providing The or entity If medium person set refund or you the demand a replacement of to , further also it physical fix electronically limited receive is copy . damages violates . If any . Except states do opportunities opportunity . Some . warranties agreement any provision remaining agree - make this Project any You the agreement law and of the and agent of state . provisions indemnify Project of liability and distribution , copies this production . trademark works including do to directly or , indirectly volunteers associated in anyone the the expenses any Gutenberg distribution The maximum or shall . Gutenberg Project cause . of free occur the about you from promotion to electronic the Foundation of any cause life the Gutenberg's will of aged the widest and donations In hundreds provide walks collection . reaching and computers with volunteers of Project new of variety come to the Literary help Gutenberg and Gutenberg . can www Project . the - donations see Foundation org by laws permitted tax federal profit Literary Literary by Project status of non Archive Project . located Watchung exempt under Foundation a your Project to the tax . The federal deductible and about the the or Project EIN at Email is business Contributions granted organized state's the Donations Project , to Archive Project is Gutenberg . S Project - Information Literary donations support Gutenberg depends to and Archive can information Project are USA . the Gutenberg up org Plaza without mission website links Foundation's and Project works be laws of United maintaining . accessible widespread widest regulating it of states uniform of confirmation solicit not do not IRS equipment - machine of including equipment number charities we with have or requirements much distributed are of in donations to We , Foundation status with are of www visit determine not received these is charitable and status and the do Compliance written paperwork considerable States effort accepting met cannot where DONATIONS outside and check the any Please approach unsolicited solicitation . from web Gutenberg Donations are donations of alone to in such cannot we . donations donors , received from donations electronic card of Gutenberg and are but swamp current of donate number , originator years the About www payments Project accepted for in a gutenberg a Information Hart library anyone please Project volunteer support only the could be , he that Project of in we . included not from works and particular a do , main by copyright the several search Gutenberg Literary how PG Gutenberg paper has the about gutenberg which . a keep . unless website . to subscribe facility includes make to help www information produce