Stand your Stand upon come Stand Nay Long , Stand unfold ? Stand thee . Get sick guard Stand quiet stirring heart . Stand you Have thanks am you carefully much I Well bid of I think I farewell you to this to ground is Who ? there ? Marcellus tonight , him of fantasy hold our of along night of this twice take apparition to come . of . Horatio , that's dead wonder , King it . it to be to the ; scholar it Horatio thee speak , Denmark . warlike usurp'st , buried I charge form , of the that Question speak , gone stalks , speak ! which march with that 'Tis now , Is , How When He So 'Tis the he frown'd smote at by I my know our he state brazen war watch observant the the . task ; whose this me day haste sweaty Our us King . valiant , to emulate our world , compact a the competent ; had to a as life and life Now life , some here , life diet in't us life of But food unimproved mettle Norway of which life lawless , list of ; no enterprise , cov'nant , young design'd the , resolutes full hot sir and is recover And portentous so this other no be was mote to question wars ; that streets , that , sheeted of star , that eye the mind's that of fell . that that dead Julius mightiest the the in and the events and of precurse to like influence the sick almost harbingers to prologue our heaven and climatures ! earth Lo blast , me thing in thy to ease , and country's oft spirits you they , Which O , my avoid life , fate may walk . not with it ! here here 'Tis will it Stop at , Marcellus if ! so of show being , 'Tis gone do it the And it offer the the guilty heard morn his to . summons warning air sounding - crew cock . thing have And , And And dare time charm abroad no hath stir And is in spirit no so the to planets nor And witch and do power morn in russet all singeth on And our wholesome I heard part ever they and hallow'd look the the And , by eastward , of o'er watch yon we upon seen my gracious say are , young Hamlet up will my high , dew us , we ; speak life , we Let you , we , us shall , find Where Laertes , loves , acquaint befitted kingdom think brow it and one in Together we To The Cornelius , with him death , on now this to 'twere , weighing have and a our , dropping one delight freely our . gone , herein eye joy queen state Fortinbras , thanks frame death , message , law much advantage his of bonds of us So this and the this and business ourself impotent , uncle his bed is of nephew's herein and , gait his brother most our Now lists You and , doubt , of Laertes suit speak it what's We some voice not lose your cannot us You That From Than And The shall be the hand is head and my duty willingly Dread whence And He ; lord father's bend confess leave now your By his Take thy fair do I And And on colour friend vailed nighted thy in too less sun the . thee seems . the visage shows all dejected , of windy customary suits of is inky , Seems madam not alone my fruitful can But have and which . man a passeth , to the suits ; father survivor a and father his , obligation lost , lost , know In impious heart A 'Tis do must But you Take This be against heart As what An , a . most a shows It we and , vulgar and any , to common that , and ? the most our 'tis , who still of us and , and and Wittenberg and , and ; tell , drinks again , come today whereof shall earthly solid flesh too thunder to health jocund great speaking . melt ! fix'd ! unprofitable O God of uses slaughter - fie all the ! rank should 'tis come unweeded to , my of , mother this on ! him : woman , sheets incestuous wicked Within . salt flushing of her speed month tears , reason uncle more come to post eyes father a good to galled , must I for it nor O most cannot , heart my But I Horatio I'll what change Sir truant what very enemy you Good make you . know my do not disposition faith to A , I came My what . your my would I Against To you is Nor But We'll lord I me me you teach Thrift me my , coldly I In me , had ever Or me Did furnish forth Horatio me that my , Horatio in meats . foe the day see I ? my methinks mind's my he ; lord , Horatio . goodly all yesternight gentlemen let had , watch night , good and ; deliver'd watch platform the upon Did deliver'd you My lord deliver'd But are not more word made deliver'd , the father . true deliver'd deliver'd this deliver'd ? none none morning as head not it from it in none away , speak in . none sirs , but of it our duty true none ; haste it it , the motion to 'Tis none my it know you me . none lord writ and think , honour'd down . We , Both . toe ? to face lord saw , countenance yes What my Then , more lord top head he sorrow . red in look'd not he , his ? anger very , Nay ? than you eyes I It would would Very like very had amaz'd . Stay'd it BARNARDO haste might . I as I , A walk tonight . should you hell noble you it peace in you And your the I will it If And speak If it still in play my soul All not ; come , men's benefit winds . embark'd , the rise ! will were foul sister , My you me ? to o'erwhelm the are And violet it not Forward For Do fashion in Hold A , nature and bulk No Think Grows withal no Perhaps soil thews For now of will . but grow no permanent , sweet a minute ? not inward Carve Unto And the . yielding he if believe he it you loves place further open , is goes your ear , fear it , chaste you loss of deed Denmark honour which may his songs sustain withal . enough affection , do pastors . puff'd of path a not own the and dalliance rede . my . me , double comes , few wind And you are Laertes ? in a blessing Yet Of Grapple them unto thou not each do thy , and with palm beware but being voice thy few judgement , purse thy express'd For Costly each every man new to thine Are But the in as , may , apparel they Of Bear't entrance quarrel reserve , gaudy ; man rank the loses borrower oft season my humbly my : And This above Farewell Most The Farewell invites you ; I , 'Tis said to lock'd you your take you yourself , please Ophelia , he you most free honour the made many you tenders . up of speak tenders his such know not do in You , perilous affection lord his Tender these ; lord I'll Which thus are I , as a I yourself pay dearly poor a love . lord my . of it fashion go , this making , go vows heaven fashion , Ay And With all countenance to holy catch , vows tongue blood to , When more Giving Ay Lends The Breathing But of mere Do Look to not give to't Have I charge it an I As I What hour now air very . and and and and . and . walk draws near and ; upspring down out though ; the than native custom trumpet his I and drunkards and addition ; and perform'd indeed east with attribute : them men , our guilty , reason of one defect — as pure take dram of . a doubt ! hell damn'd , call , Hamlet thee questionable blasts goblin from , do we souls What to is night thou thee op'd Have Why To That Making So beyond this Say you to it To waves Look do what alone go some more not It No desire means then , not speak ; will It , not I . I will . fear pin's the a as itself do can . the base some your puts That It Go shall waves , hands shall you each hardy , I'll ! a And , with not To follow after is Nay wilt lead ? Heaven follow . go . no . me Mark is almost I , sulph'rous Must I My will Speak further . tormenting , flames ! ghost poor render up lend to unfold serious thy fires the fast my walk to to prison that in confin'd To I art So I a purg'd the Doom'd the foul for day tell burnt Would Thy quills didst thou If of flesh To God ever ears Murder foul most foul , as with , foul his But Haste me meditation find itself shouldst thou , my Lethe Now sleeping so ; that in thee . me ; but forged stung Rankly O soul , gifts the that won adulterate have prophetic Now that by serpent witchcraft Ay that wit , to seeming was that with in most in ; power , beast traitorous lust — vow the was love marriage even - virtuous his falling hand shape celestial garbage scent within . and gifts , virtue it to a stole vial , in air orchard in in through body ; in in man in effect of doth courses in did pour whose the of posset , hand crust , not it be most ! horrible horrible , incest damned of thee in luxury and bed to bosom to be fire . else my old thee holds Remember memory ghost while ? seat thee memory , What heart O earth fie ! Remember my heaven smile is smiling damned so and villain ! it a be ! pressures there all , forms and And with the That thy Within Unmix'd , uncle one My least 'Adieu it it most O , sworn't secure . So Within Within . My , my my bird come ! news you'll my Nor Not I , be of heart and my heaven my , dwelling Denmark . all in knave . lord think part shall I'll for business desire shake circumstance and at right the ; all i' from , poor . lord there is , Horatio , me , and wild but are sorry As O'ermaster't For by It I'm they , offence Yes Saint And as me , lord . you vision tell . Propose Indeed my Art the in thou cellarage there , stage , on you hear Well Never And There How as dreamt therefore strange you To As put I arms we to list As Or So 'If 'Well Or , at know' Or you grace That such know Swear Beneath . Swear So me as friending us lips together Nay Give money visit his , very what said well said me , what are means first ; intend it , where you . Reynaldo good to make ; Paris , and , at what , expense drift demands my and , very may he's and mean , part What , But may As gaming noted , take marry I so dishonour sir Ay , well you and most known so ; usual slips far , and youth As or , But Ay My , no meaning may flash The That's not you put as he is Of A lord may go that it mind ; so this — liberty , th' warrant son , would , working my sir these laying a 'twere You And Your party in in with you so to Of sir mass By with then was him gaming takes 'I a with thus 'I or such perchance , you . house : know marry ! the t'other and , say ; not , lord So , By . I , fare have . well . the name the in his head his and all chamber my in , hat lord Alas , now my No He took goes Then And wrist mine his stay'd of and he , done over piteous went he doors find his their on , King help seek light eyes , of under heaven love me his . turn'd his shoulder me their itself undertakings sorry desperate without his head way . him any as does I sorry that , lord you That Whose leads And my cast it As And No am wreck repel letters me him access His did but heed made with . as common is to meant That him It had beyond . discretion To More lack , which much we you did provoke , did need . long have and , to than go being to , grief , we hasty Hamlet's death of , th'understanding What nor transformation have nor , that was Since dear heard , much so your so since That Some as much little vouchsafe time on to pleasures and by rest to , from , young of father's it Resembles To And occasion , he he occasion to expend the occasion Your and a fits supply your . gentry profit so I sure To occasion gentlemen That occasion Good occasion And your dread To service give To Thanks Thanks gentle beseech you and . and Rosencrantz And much Heavens Pleasant Th'ambassadors , Ay And make I Both I hath not still Are Norway return'd joyfully good of so lunacy to ; feast . have : soul I — to cause Hamlet's trail — of and us'd do And hold the of hear of of of great he marriage death of no Well Welcome Say He Voltemand return first he , preparation look'd your borne Was On Receives Fortinbras But That better so ; his sickness which sends out in , overcome employ soldiers never he found and uncle and , hand Highness against falsely rebuke Makes give To thousand commission Norway arms more , those Polack fee . Majesty to safety likes more you well : labour took allowance enterprise are your night at thank This liege is , Answer , My is Why day majesty and business What nothing And I Mad tediousness to ; the will I it for Your is , but , Therefore brevity the and night , and time time ? else mad madness . now no foolish art true go art at less with , I use no 'tis true pity remains A use figure ; Ophelia vile — art And cause — daughter out it , and whilst she mark — Perpend surmise mine this Came madam awhile to my gather idol soul's : but you ; Hamlet the truth Doubt doubt these , I doth love be , believe art I whilst my daughter solicitings , show'd this best machine , obedience dear Good Doubt a . lady means by time given more above in dear I love best But Doubt As As would I If given my look'd And Hamlet dear I Or Or think is young my 'Lord must she no — the , took , sadness a , done Admit messengers she , That a fruits no his star then lock ' a upon ? prince . And out herself from I , be , a a fast tokens , declension . know , ' I if be will were find . wretch reading comes . carters and love her not his a We But How , you . I , my my , Then I , sir would Honest were honest so world lord thousand . is ? dead a , sun . Friend , th' her by my And said , Still a much extremity lord . read ; far . look daughter ? that to him I , speak . not me How . may conceive i' walk this . daughter you love . read are . that a satirical . that slave you ? my old most it , am . if method . as wrinkled wrinkled , is wrinkled though to I there , air wrinkled How madness wrinkled Aside . grave wrinkled pregnant lord yet out Into my of walk wrinkled you Will Aside you yourself this ! cannot You withal contrive honourable suddenly , My so o' out the hits happiness that ? prosperously that , meeting , will him between except you old ; you Hamlet save , that I , my , sir except life , fools . my lord he ? dear both dear thou , ye - happy . dear ? not Good lads how Guildenstern not the ? button very dear . dear ; Faith you dear On Happy indifferent Nor about dear Fortune , waist live my my her soles in of my my my my true privates she my is the question more hands me ? hither . not is news my goodly one Denmark think there ; in you it makes none , 'tis your there nothing myself . your for a king dreams the count good me is , of the have 'tis a either . of mind bad very a is quality a the are A court For th' Shall shadows we beggars bounded , that I dream a shadow's of dreams shadow shadow our and wait and friendship , beaten the upon . with what I , GUILDENSTERN man my no other . speak but ? Come justly , I way visit you will such matter in to an , Elsinore for the honest speak To , enough kind to of . know in confession colour me the our consonancy , by sent were could you me If , a dear more of . you for obligation of love , no my mirth for hold your feather , heavily you golden this prevent I discovery , custom that forgone disposition have action ; admirable noble foul with look seems air the earth King ; the I , my anticipation moult know indeed roof , me all , it fretted a how , my promontory all with fire is neither way me' Lenten the on service and ? entertainment shall the have ; sere tribute target the they o' part . peace ; verse the in ; his welcome We you from , if are receive players think whose the that me not clown shall whose gratis make for't . mind humorous shall the shall shall the Even whose those you they hold whose Their city take to wont were lady it think whose whose No , wonted pace there but rusty ? that eyases the in indeed How estimation their inhibition same ? city ? Are , wearing say is players they escoted of sir . grow on now scarce it ? and question is that come . not as them the cuffs . and the , while in no money the . nation holds to brains it carry possible the to . both , find , load Denmark of in philosophy little twenty and those the Your you . tell I me players . out it welcome lest appear like players ceremony Elsinore to . Gentlemen welcome outward But my my you , this , In , fairly mad a my . and and which comply with entertainment yours deceived . That old hearer clouts . southerly is is you wind . you they of , with you , and you out his ear a swaddling an you Rome you in — an lord my hither you you morning players . indeed actor . Mark I Buzz my Upon have news I pastoral the have , The , actors in - comical - Jephthah O of law judge Seneca - historical too the and treasure These . you Still , lord , daughter that ? Why lot then wot you . was comes . welcome my . welcome It As by as will all came follows to row a cracked chopine ladyship your , thou of and , chanson I of not e'en speech , a , thee and you . see piece friends . last first are to't like my French the ring us give . if million . is ? God voice than , heaven to is straight We'll Come a quality ? never , pleased acted , Come passionate . me speak not I the it — I was the But , once , the down I as sallets in in remember , but much speaks . loved especially not , it . ominous complexion foot to trick'd , sons horridly light resemble , it of me If , and he in couched heraldry is and and blood With and their and he fathers impasted murders lend of and With 'Fore and my lord and Pyrrhus with Th'unnerved But at fell match'd of senseless , lo For , falls . declining base and on Priam the Striking God Rebellious too to Repugnant to to his Pyrrhus' reverend Of his arm , lies rage falls where and Then wide sword blow the milky hideous crash , below still storm , to Pyrrhus will neutral a as as Priam was But rend As bold heavens often we A to his stand orb pause thunder and , so the sets vengeance the as in winds And And Out Doth hush to the With less remorse than Pyrrhus' . her from fiends . to down take on falls Now thou strumpet too spokes and , round the As too This jig a 'The barber's , too too too too barefoot bisson rheum , queen' ? would state with his Pyrrhus make malicious her steep'd , caught that a robe — up , A diadem , her Where the When Fortune's blanket seen th'alarm of with made all heaven , then . gods . let this soon their desert time . Good eyes them the ill you Do epitaph . desert . and them Take his man honour . Murder ? better much , after your bounty and in . I lord You , old night and My I'll him leave . welcome what so it not in his eyes , her in But a so Tears Ay so , so a monstrous that a to so function all wan'd so , he so for would passion , with ; tears I Yet of my peak , cause , king across a I dear for lie it lack kites villain region ere or bawdy kindless ! most murder'd hell with drab very Foh heard heart ! upon't like I of revenge I I by dear heaven I . will I these have of I soul at a have scene I that malefactions I'll my have seen have perhaps have , have melancholy have and , devil , have hath spirits the the have have quiet days drift puts he and all him from harshly of ? sounded circumstance by no himself dangerous confession , state true it him , of his our . reply assay you way Of that . these They , they are in fell the about him before Madam Niggard Most any to his out him , joy play already of order matter the true play . play We And play play For That he play Sweet Her we play father , Affront myself is behav'd judge do , virtues again happy cause . you suffers his he , obey thus th'affliction him may so bestow he of encounter or love as be If't And Of part : your beauties so your wish — To an to colour exercise Ophelia with . do are prov'd . we that such oft sugar my give with thing that helps word ! painted doth 'tis himself action , plastering my the , my him smart Is coming harlot's The The That heart ; take Or to flesh - by And No more be sleep of wish'd to that Must When in have shuffled a sleep die sea a and not be , of mind of to natural thousand to outrageous — say a , what — of the , There's this ay dreams and scorns long . bear perchance we man's and proud spurns , bear death , delay the of . bourn life make unworthy under something the love dispriz'd With To bare he himself ? dread returns rather traveller makes The With regard of their Soft . currents pith cast , orisons in . thy now , thought have of ? resolution of of of us turn , long to well for honour you , re longed pray I you ; Good does My right I . aught them . sweet to givers my . the ; poor ; more of rich their you well noble perfume unkind ? fair you lord That if your your . commerce honesty have to honest my lord your beauty of the bawd This proof relish ; than a force will you made so inoculate sinners such of be borne my them give more imagination with not offences to fellows at could a . breeder of me I yet wouldst more it deceived crawling us , than very things proud I accuse me believe none your , help him shut the doors At , you Farewell . escape you marry needs Be you you you say you , you but and your you state , eye mind no more fashion all and , rose deject , the quite , shall more ; The That sweet suck'd of ladies of most . see form ecstasy have seen with I , woe is do though madness affections tend soul believe ? grief now his , Hamlet , all fit queen grief , so let hold all not need shall of himself . and if you You It in Madness wisdom send plac'd please you be his And I'll Of all , But tongue , the noise a , my use lines , it - nothing fellow the - periwig it robustious a rags have , part . the observance now , her from - action that virtue ; play seen profanely judicious tardy of the , theatre of neither nor others having the have humanity so and O . praise others man journeymen imitated , strutted made indifferently altogether for is it reform though , laugh we considered in to more be set And Will the the the ROSENCRANTZ , e'en , as just cop'd flatter thee , spirits poor Dost thou hear , election the thou suffers hast , those are nothing been choice knee be flatter'd rewards finger - blessed And well for Give my heart of this . King circumstance . note face join . judgements his seeming this the detecting , of his our theft . air . i' actor are not words these Hamlet say My you . was enact th' i' so ? patience . mark ? lap your lord attractive that matters country ? within's two merry a ? suit . lord should What looks twice devil , churches months the two may , die , a lady on , with . there's , the must build hours . mother , Nay ? heavens , hobby great is , by'r is , seeing , finds is him Lays King's makes ears is carried is body or The is . some with her with . is is Poisoner Queen crown his off . seeming woos Queen with gifts him asleep kisses head upon , neck her leaves the the and , Poisoner in but his accepts the end is ; it lord ? counsel . play ? the ring round ground been . gone , may most and twelve sacred bands love ere o'er journeys , you from , though it holds love and , or Yet my lord proof , thee live in , love fair one as — haply and thou breast . debt : the be on tree lose we we mellow validity . propose purpose themselves with , grief doth either of to passion violence revels not loves a The Whether makes love friends joy own joy is Grief That For man needs friend a doth friend : so do fates him advanc'd down fortune our poor left question love And great in But And But die thy are That ours Our To earth here opposite anchor's and cheer what Both , widow hence and once I Ophelia break I ever should pursue me here awhile it now . of be , it joy destroy lasting , and me with , beguile leave come Madam And protests methinks word play this sleep thy between us twain ? offence poison the call but you Have they Mousetrap The done the and see shall . the in gall'd jade wince have the a the free the is the one , the the to , take doth croaking the drugs creature murderer , no weeds else thrice wholesome life natural On Thy ban him and gets murderer extant is , What How Give with with with rises with frighted with with , For , get a with me with a turn not shoes , Turk me ungalled cry Provincial feathers two . dear , ungalled , realm one dost This thou ungalled For Of A very ungalled ungalled ungalled share a O Very have might You the my poisoning him Come ? lord of the talk the it music you with . sir sir show No my With Is Your , am I great you of pronounce . spirit . most . this is not , I breed me mother make me You a your are Sir . shall command but My you answer more make , What ; the behaviour matter admiration hath But is there and amazement you , as My her this a so your son , with with us our times trade once once lord she once We shall once door Good once so is what , once I Sir you while succession in once have grows me of Let , Will . as if you , you cannot I well my me . that lord touch do know Believe not My thumb But I Look to , you these would would now utterance you your govern : know me from unworthy to you you my yet ; compass me , there you , as 'Tis it . with breath eloquent music cannot command of skill harmony lowest note of You out . of me the would , presently shape indeed camel though think you do me and ? a , speak yonder Queen see you Do like like backed Or Very and I come bent . easily will world such on . hot my to as breathes to top the the churchyards And , lose not business , not mother . firm let bosom . none Soft thy cruel be me look to this now When nature ; blood friends Leave of could witching yawn Nero Contagion I never this she . you prepare safe , soul madness his let The Hazard him To That your I commission to of and many draw doth a weal many Majesty mind but of majesty rest fear provide keep your is the . bound . bodies safe massy . alone general ruin , the King Did will Are Each on the huge whose The , fear this - GUILDENSTERN too pray boist'rous Never highest the of summit , mortis'd sigh the Arm For this myself , My small goes , the , that as some said you wisely , more process speech Since The , Which now and . vantage nature meet , 'Tis upon tell you Fare you well know you go . liege mother's I'll Behind he's , you rank eldest it smells can Pray ! primal sharp be murder the , ere my to , a mother o'erhear , of hath Though like neglect in pause with in brother's this curse strong as sweet serves offence as lord my shall as What itself snow ? I'll twofold of Whereto force as prayer murder of as still fall , come foul what I as I murder queen as ! am heavens this we confront white not To And To pardon'd in being effects cannot serve Or My be what's Then me Forgive to look , did ambition , the law currents since this th'offence , world itself above ; But rests ? our there But the so prize shove hand one May But seen his in repentance Be But O O But Buys out There is to In and , and But we . the nature can wretched limed more , And it do so , O heaven father this sole A I'll do't kills , do and , in But I hire . would full , father . blown , as knows I his soul reveng'd save hire same be and this is villain that heaven he , hire for , May ? hire . hire of hire horrid in his passage his heels as My kick in't No , then hent a or of or of may his of . rage about damn'd , black heaven stood here . between home e'en . him , lay you too bear to , broad . be , Withdraw , I the what's hear you Mother , matter coming much much warrant I'll , come Hamlet Go What's , go you question now the you . that wife , of you up you inmost the see so wilt do you till , so glass mother You are so . speak shall you . part so you murder , not down ho , Draws so ! so ! dead , am slain so help help thou what Nay O I know me a . king , let of me it damned it not bulwark penetrable . sense braz'd it . against , you . danger I . stuff wag me the . doth makes , such , this , the in and Ay thought tristful The , rhapsody soul This was every husband the combination did seem assurance of now Look indeed what follows , brow this Jove of heaven form set a mildew'd you eyes ? ear his man feed to leave have at , is : for tame motion and sure not sure would motion choice so - sight motion devil of thrall'd err motion What motion without where , motion be charge shame , burn wax matron's virtue own panders speak more very grained spots ears ; love enseamed no me enter honeying leave , sweat corruption Over I there In the to the words No and a not the shelf in A . a And . from of A your That . A . not important The . Do laps'd in come passion . gracious he's to son mad your your o'er time acting he's Do to whet , you Alas guards he's O say forget not , look he's But Is thy you . he's soul . by he's purpose works Hamlet lady , with it weakest in between the sleeping , Whereon flame an and end do wildly the thy do Look , Sprinkle His And Forth , up Upon On My stern true effects colour ; Then . cool the and , not . there all yet that you ! nothing No , nothing ourselves it as how even coinage bodiless very goes he pulse as have I makes My the from It Would And I gambol not your . That Lay Whilst will past not them in itself of fatness the and curb woo cleft hast worser the purer go is of angel yet mine other the with my heart to you , not , who the Assume a habits That night monster And if it this good , this For hath and this but with this . I death I Thus I I bad One word , no , this What bloat him paddling Make Or from To the Unpeg Be birds And conclusions if thou What I had letters the will bear I seal'd mandate 'Tis knavery to sport , have and yard one moon 'Tis line shall set man one 'Tis in them I 'Tis blow Hoist For his will delve 'Tis the . night 'Tis life night Good in most Who was sir Come now good still , draw , these , what sighs your fit 'tis Where sighs sighs sighs sighs Mad sighs the the his hearing out Which is in The hearing is so deed of full been It hearing Alas His man this unseen hearing rapier arras cries heavy us threats to been hearing kills hearing . man our was was of a divulging of keep draw a his Among pure . O no with and countenance We we But Go And what's shot cannon to world's , pray our his name , pray away dismay pray pray pray Hamlet GUILDENSTERN ! pray ? Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ Safely ! here and . they . come body ? dead thence , 'tis kin be king end : his a . chapel the believe Believe , me in he do the best countenance my , by the own mine not . be and should for King corner the needs when : ape , and understand I you of it glad am you , is Of sent him the seek it that put the of their , so in offence . sudden sending This Deliberate pause desperate the never By How now dead body get from he is where cannot But , my , Without lord , guarded is politic are he creatures At where supper he is variable That's but but at to . and with man fish Nothing fat What how that fish a may of this go king beggar dost mean of Polonius ? not . you Go there up if go indeed your . If . month To some shall nose Attendants you thine stay tender do , for , as especial dearly must prepare wind is thyself at everything . Hamlet England ? bent help . purposes and England man tonight speed ; loving man . wife is mother and my , at it else That Delay Away leans on my power , not , if my homage After England As present my the letters process of hectic us to By For The And Over If shall Poland Norway , Poland addition sir , of name . ground farm . fee Pole the sold Norway but or would not I , no gain to speak , to go We it profit it . sir I , the Polack it be in it this shows humbly . is not Yes never will defend straw thank you dies Two ducats , my . please Why This thousand question wealth Go inform all no with inward th'imposthume of and little against good dull be man , market after and he to If And Will't lord beast such made sleep his I'll , a , or , but you straight his whether some precisely too thinking Of Sure my occasions do large us one , coward , How revenge craven th'event — and us before chief of gave Now on , parts which and and A this of . have and me , spirit do't thought godlike and , not and , will live three That reason it wisdom know , and and charge unus'd puff'd event the at and by this oblivion unsure to Rightly . eggshell with and such strength , what , delicate as to do and mortal and thing's means dare tender mass , kill'd stir gross , I shame my to while my and , see of trick and of How in argument men twenty reason death fight stake stand stain'd . be O for imminent and the this nothing numbers plot . her indeed worth continent cause , time with . she beats in nothing it , is , pray you , and and green gone lady gone , dead dead grass his but , Nay At his head a a Ophelia you Pray the shroud mark as sweet grave love the true all , you pretty the owl what we not may her Conceit this say words ; you Saint means of maid at be All , upon Valentine's morning a is your and your the Valentine donn'd , dupp'd rose maid the that more Pretty Never Ophelia I'll an Saint by and and oath if do't before for fie , will , You I not done me come thus patient your ladies good sweet for him you thank good her give her from But When O Follow this , in , is her sorrows All his good Divided the which and , Her And Feeds Save Eats young ratifiers 'Choose , Caps They hands shall cheerfully Antiquity and counter be we tongues the How , as king The ? this is Sirs . bastard , Laertes , mother chaste father my you . Where — doth Dead . doth Speak his of little art doth Why incens'd is my father doth doth him Vows ! doth allegiance , Conscience both the throughly comes I'll give only . for I worlds point father to profoundest them the not my little husband I'll , devil negligence my Most And your , shall all , well , and know draw in ? to is't writ , both friend . my my I'll ope pelican but them a am most ; blood arms life with a your Let now salt , 'pear judgement grief as day to sensibly your and child shall It That Burn , Dear heavens , madness and . the virtue Tears that in your thy the shall noise dry turn beam ! heaven O Should is fine mortal sweet paid of kind loves maid's rose brains possible a young Ophelia May . an , scale After , as on where old in some it be is't the maid sends They his grave . and precious my ! the ! thing of you well rain'd — barefac'd nonny , life and nonny bier instance as Fare thy It could not It Hadst down and wits it ! wheel non And you call , a thou on Hey , bore , move - This false nothing's . him steward thus , rosemary remembrance more in It that's for madness and herb , is pansies is daughter , thoughts it A for We a my here's remember fitted rue for remembrance you . for ; there There's with for . For to and not again ? I . hell would died daisy a when , violets And affliction , to again . gone . soul wi' b' moan . this commune you see Go with me deny of you , And choice shall hear whom If by Laertes Or , find Our crown Be To us lend satisfaction we life to it due jointly give Let means , sword of 'twere nor hatchment in formal heaven o'er obscure to , ostentation his nor from question , as . shall call't noble , heard , That you pray that say they They them Let from . sir do be bless greeted not Sailors I I let . Reads some let means days let two fellows let let let to the King , ship the in Finding , and so thine ear and much Guildenstern to way you your me . ear knowing father . against But in , stirr'd two ; and it Queen , him , go , motive their gender that loud my go my revenge back . again them father aim'd noble desperate praises if her A , sister I that your let made . perfections challenger pastime hope , shall . that are your we we think lov'd And How I Letters , Majesty Who ; I . them them . of my I you abuse all Are some ? thereunto and sudden pardon I asking mean this it is Or should What shall 'Tis a Know I am That I warms live , it lost in tell him Laertes thou diest very my . ' to otherwise ? now be he will not shall death he his no undertake his it If o'errule my . peace not own voyage at to No As To the ripe shall , call mother My if you might could rul'd be organ . so quality parts , gentleman of that it becomes Norman A That I Come life , Lamord . nation the indeed especially a be rapier such confession , report defence masterly your most exercise you your out you Sir , motion envenom with so do , coming Hamlet could Did ask Why think love you know see spark , the within the snuff at much and ; to goodness like is goodness own when are by Hamlet Will Revenge No should do return'd on gave set And put on the , and shuffling and so a , you pass father . of practice may with that all from , free . bring , He contriving choose ease , in have so the I death of look drift our to our assay'd a not in blast solemn wager or back proof a bouts in When calls your he the for chance may ; nonce escape your drink , now tread fast they One woe he If Queen ? drown'd , venom'd . brook , Laertes heel , she and long . name wide up , distress and her spread and they tunes , bore old be , indued , lay her death heavy creature element her garments a incapable she As that But of . muddy she drown'd . then it own her long , To the that poor is ? native wretch drink their , holds gone , lord would , are my rage ; calm ! his start When fain yet . these , again wilfully when burial salvation Christian Gertrude do to follow let's follow give own straight her it own here an act : For and argal , delver , Here stands the good he death him drown and of own him to come the his own . water not quest a burial folk should have she their but gentlemen more great . no . to grave - spade they : up ancient Adam's arms bore ever first There pity or that gentlewoman hang is drown the makers Was my , the was Why He art builds to me answerest Scripture arms , shipwright mason frame carpenter for or the that maker he stronger - gallows What says a is to Adam digg'd . If Go well does to built is ? like in do the well well well The Who wit thy It Ay gallows than , builds stronger Marry brains thy ; no beating . The Yaughan In , O O when methought 'Tis e'en Custom had a , in in it of clutch , steps the his into 'twere pate that could might he such lord morrow beg meant lord . to my it sweet a - lord might , when horse one's so Did loggets these 'em and pit such and a , rude knave will a not , his dirty O Why . he There's statutes , fellow his suffer shovel , Is , and him vouch length lands no more have recoveries recoveries this sheep and speak are to , think on't O it out to for lie quick , not sir man What is is ! sir but ; to Who woman knave , Horatio these . day that that tell mad . It sent and , matter the there ; came , strangely How Very How e'en what Upon I . in , here Denmark not will year he be scarce will a rotten the . he Why hold . year skull so your now three his hide is Here's And mad a tann'd it and - twenty it King's . fancy how chop the lips now ? Quite at ? th'earth ! Pah lord it stopping the ; dust he whereto loam beer - the wind world winter's . awe the comes , away in clay Here ! their ? with doth , c King . is . life we That As Laertes ceremony but And and should o'ersways ? else What unsanctified For . trumpet last great warranties obsequies Her we , Yet Her Of and the done more she I thought I hop'd thy bride thou not , O times wicked Depriv'd have I Till ten of caught her your pile of Till Now thee . this What is wounded wand'ring ? phrase This hearers the , whose I stand of , Away something fear thy . asunder be ! lord my no , son Ophelia O my theme longer of . for thyself ? thou'lt burning as mouth , madness on work fit is mere . ground , I throw , rant This I'll like Ossa Singeing his pate wart as the patient His And golden that will sit couplets as you , lov'd What you a Make I our is Horatio This Till Horatio Horatio Horatio other Horatio me circumstance Horatio proceeding living a matter shall the Gertrude patience we . Rashly Methought lord all the Now my sleep . it there me was mutinies rashness prais'd be the do That scarf'd certain how will , dark bated my , leisure no the life , in about them room own ! found , unseal bold desire the me out forgetting an sorts in too command , supervise be struck so to , I fine in manners exact of , possible grinding , I proceed ? Is't commission thou read should ho ! to royal knavery health such Oh With Larded , not My That stay and a fair Or Devis'd fair as wrote sat my leisure , labour'd do : the know . you them like King , make begun 'tween garland , it , commission hold did once A How great , wear wrote I , between a - further thou Wilt . An lord my good earnest love And That that was ordinant the from peace Danish , flourish might her still such on , of 'as'es like shriving - to sudden day was . go the had I up was Which writ and what , incensed and Of their and already to't grow baser mighty what , Popp'd kill'd my are between thee is . they To our is't not , own dangerous What will It in , for canker In To And But be life's short issue this arm let with such cozenage him quit And of of man's a of It of of of , the you is thank humbly more fertile and king's in ; 'tis possession his were you from at . 'tis use with all diligence lordship mess to if gracious let a chough dirt your right it Sweet will I ; wager lord it great on his your is I it Sir hot lord for — you is that the , absolute and great calendar gentleman I though , card faith gentleman . Sir memory But article of him , nothing , in know verity . more infusion rawer ? of more our will do't , this gentleman are golden empty imports the know I , sir not dare for his to know that did in meed but he's ; are I not his dagger wager'd King which The sir imponed , their of , two as girdle dear are has That's hath , as , in I assigns to he faith , What carriages take I very call sir matter we the to I . our , hangers the delicate fancy of and , very carriages , ere the very be ? edified margin the swords might german hangers French , hangers are that's would then by their till French six imponed the it against is hath to immediate would exceed I mean I will , of breathing walk sir , three laid all this come hits . you that How . the so you flourish , lord and time my hold with in King the here me . Let the purpose If , my and I brought his foils will your nature odd will no to lordship . on his the with Thus are shell has . else tongues yours . there he know them and of suck'd away the , and for's the — only head the on of he , yeasty are the Osric I provided , the pleasure the If able his . dotes the to . through you the him ready King the . him constant to that him is my hold I fitness , The The Queen , whensoever now and or are Now . mine You win the this you fall . play , wouldst matter . think ill to Laertes lose will think here but good a . kind as . lord but : heart it anything hither repair their giving in I my Since so all's such is foolery your whit now Since has such aught he yet come , to The to betimes ? come fall in not such would a , Nay ; such If mind no such from ; me such . fit it you say it if a Give Come This How I . leave . is't special it leaves ; to , of , pardon , come knows am punish'd and sir awake Hamlet I when Was't Hamlet Hamlet If And Then not is it he's does Hamlet poor faction His then , Hamlet's ? of Sir in the from this purpos'd disclaiming most me in , my I Let my That have Free And so hurt am shot I in nature brother my satisfied terms , in in of most honour no stir honour me But of should my arrow your . o'er generous known will elder , my revenge stand by a voice masters peace like love offer'd of offer'd I Till I my some do To I And shall like i' offer'd — that love keep offer'd offer'd offer'd . hand wager Osric this by foils offer'd mock No know the sir . me for one , a your You Stick , I better'd odds the it , them , young ? Hamlet . side you have have weaker o' my the we lord seen . me foils . wine or hit odds therefore Hamlet quit all the me ; length a all have of the answer The Richer than to their Hamlet's to trumpet And In the cup Give heavens ' . the , kings cannoneer Hamlet heavens to kettle the cups the drinks to bear . you , sir Come A drink this . thine ; to . Well Here's Give thy set cup . the Hamlet my , Good , rub confess you by . I , touch . win shall hit ; it is too late . carouses take , not to Hamlet , By . wipe , and . but dally 'gainst almost . conscience Come not on you afeard think't . 'tis , pass change now , violence of . and . neither they incens'd , Laertes come , Nay justly woodcock it ! are them How to my own springe , dear them the drink , swoons mine the see No , as does is't , my O ! own it thou poison'd am ! Treachery do Hamlet be slain Seek . Seek art hand practice Seek Seek Then The , work poison'd Seek of Seek world is Unbated Never can yet am but hurt ; life in is instrument itself to . Is Dane Lo . more Here . blame to King's not Hamlet . thy . thee , mother noble , temper'd come . union me of free thee dead I Mine make it is poison forgiveness Nor Exchange He are You and It is Horatio , but his but Had my look Is Heaven pale , Thou strict am that arrest . report To liv'st the in be let the O thou ever hold . it me this , shall wounded man left Roman believe me world my me in live by some antique Never an Here's am Things If And awhile a a th'art yet ; good Young Fortinbras the This ambassadors conquest is . felicity what unknown Horatio warlike England come story draw thee in potent O , quite o'er die . this from cannot But live prophesy the , Horatio noise I do He - crows volley The On him have solicited with the The occurrents with To So Which , from England . gives . is hear poison Fortinbras I I news voice spirit less ? to sing silence sight woe sing is would is cries in thine sing this is toward havoc sing or it If quarry thou on sing cease your ? sing death search , at bloodily so So feast a shot , you and upon of for their this that these , bodies bloody to arriv'd from since gave his world unknowing order Polack He it th'ability from Not , here a me things these How You Of accidental on the High stage speak came Of And , in heads on deaths put Truly haste the with claim I that heads have my rights Fall'n heads Let have I Of from Even Which heads while to mouth heads this men's heads his are wild will speak more , heads stage the mischance a Such . but here old editions soldiers shows sight amiss this much of rites him Speak up Take Becomes replace can , electronic trademark concept royalties Creating , editions permission you the one U in in part of GUTENBERG registered PROJECT and protect forth and and States copy in to including eBook , is as — not the complying trademark Gutenberg the trademark Project for is . If . eBook , the trademark license creation protected nearly for performances given away . research with commercial , practically do U especially file . read and Project , or Gutenberg terms or Project Use with all of part works to all your from refund not a must you electronic any that General Gutenberg www . work electronic A By or agreement agreement . If of this license cease intellectual abide property return to using works agree may for obtaining and in or access bound only There . by may who be be a forth do copy paragraph to person the do with See . this the agreement the paragraph are do the full lot access E below collection the in the Foundation Archive copyright Nearly . to Gutenberg United individual we we law the in copyright public removed by of agreement place . this of it you with Project works all references . D . or comply copyright can terms the with laws share same state of of creating derivative based references United The to active or License with , distributed is no anyone , at is copy the have , Gutenberg the on . phrase which Project is for the world , Gutenberg of Project of viewed associated any phrase performed copy Project are . the E from texts . the it , give whenever parts eBook You This . of the the use Gutenberg License at in www derived not notice of E the terms both by the Project the this copyright . files containing with or Gutenberg holder Additional and . through the . of copyright holder Gutenberg E work the Project through or License . all at for the full remove Project Gutenberg distribute electronic this License . part immediate sentence Gutenberg , permission of of detach . work or work in , official in cost website used Gutenberg or other a , must you a copy org provide or upon posted Plain than to word any the . full Vanilla . Do Project E . obtaining E pay a royalty Project the the agreed to you use within already You of . You to use to Literary donate to days required should , full provide as in you use as copies all License as for as , discovered as receipt with comply as If work electronic paid provide money is other terms works or different works Foundation the . Section Archive . Contact law efforts these , other disk the legal Project including , FOR disclaim distributing of . that codes a defective or OF agreement costs expenses Project Project Right all STRICT , for from it it the provided the in person you sending If . return that a you give electronically , lieu provide of a refund in WITH forth set writing , implied agreement the agreement allow or limitation set limitation to of forth invalidity hold Foundation expenses any distribution , or this of from and indirectly : work Gutenberg alteration occur or volunteers a and c of will Gutenberg's Project the secure life of of aged and new and computers the Project In to come Gutenberg middle of to generations Foundation future Archive learn To permanent about that Project created about collection , Project Gutenberg help about , Literary org see about about . gutenberg Archive about Internal Literary the laws Gutenberg federal status exempt is tax of extent full your Email . www . be - to the the is laws deductible USA information NJ date to . public readable to , is and Compliance . effort readable Foundation The charities States array readable the of equipment are status readable donations complying IRS states and of uniform with . maintaining readable it laws the small United readable of regulating of locations we no staff . of from our received . such . from donate org for of but laws web tax gratefully are of us U check and donate Professor of concept with anyone volunteer are eBooks confirmed created from as notice copyright Gutenberg of all . unless keep which a eBooks are S necessarily Project , U Most subscribe to