Who's ? unfold Stand Stand 'Tis struck Stand Get come You Stand Stand Stand For Stand now Stand most upon twelve bed sick had mouse night Marcellus . heart at ? is . Dane the ! ground good you Give . Give And honest good to my , liegemen you night hath night good again our seen of hold night . him , us speak and not 'twill tush , appear your of , our have against nights assail down awhile again two fortified ears . seen speak Barnardo course it The his beating it the King ? speak ; King the me fear it again dead that's . Horatio Mark to . wonder Horatio . speak of I warlike of Horatio time and majesty By is It march ! sometimes ! stalks ! it speak ! speak this I sensible like ! true eyes avouch ! and than ! tremble ? on : watch of strict Why , daily subject of that not hour , our state , observant , task King but goes I ; Our us : cannon the and , down such such not What Who the make that , the Norway , pride emulate appear'd of Fortinbras which in our of , King he And , of ; inheritance the been His fell in Shark'd the Hamlet . Now , enterprise , same competent which by design'd and the had sir , of of hot and full , Fortinbras there , return'd , resolutes young unimproved skirts a in't appear unto is other strong diet which our those well stomach by some to , and and no , our in other this is armed take head land the these portentous I Of think was mote The with trains fire and watch watch most stood tenantless influence ; and the with empire moist star dead blood , stands . heaven earth and And As Did graves high in and dews events on still coming , though me it , any sound it Speak to , or . thing good behold me blast hast thou may there . and be I'll And But our Lo to be to me , to , life in spirits it of which Speak strike , Do my with , death in thy ! and earth ! oft womb the in , Marcellus 'Tis 'Tis , gone it here morn thing cock the when malicious ! mockery like day of his with , summons the and god it to is offer vain the air , blows the as it For that is started then or the This faded The fairy and believe clad . mantle russet yon , and bird Wherein our ever of birth crowing , no , witch then no dare celebrated season comes . it to , with him my life it him Cornelius , and , know our fitting Hamlet and Attendant ? duty brother's it , in in wisest kingdom death woe fought we sometime with hath far Therefore one in In With our one brow , remembrance With wisdoms , you know all thanks , marriage in defeated warlike with sister Taken to and to jointress auspicious and have herein dole our of young our dear supposal late our disjoint ourself much To He by Our be weak follows Holding affair wife which freely , law message advantage his pester to this with a thinking fail'd , for . with this So of we of uncle and state is Colleagued Importing Now is Thus To , and nephew's rid : is purpose , dispatch than allow power , to further is to bearers of subject of good his Norway is is , with is you this Cornelius business Farewell that is , and it nothing all , you farewell now And You The instrumental reason to mouth , the to Denmark , of . speak not What with , Dane the news to , not to native more more What wouldst and From Yet My And leave whence now thoughts to toward that and the Your bow He I thy fair give my What Polonius leave hard father's wrung from my last consent I will laboursome lord him ; best thy leave will time it spend graces now my cousin on and thy , to go my . son — be . off a it my Good seems Why Seems ! Nor No with Together , Nor Nay madam 'Tis thee , black visage , woe your and trappings have me dejected the denote the Nor all , my inky cloak , river fruitful suits customary windy can , man might of suits which within the but These For That forms moods , seem show Hamlet , bound father to is , sorrow condolement most thing , mind unmanly course some a survivor , common , fault fault who whose a 'tis still that he dead , today be be cried be be , be nature theme unschool'd as , to opposition sense be is and our any be Take A be 'This of a so first the From Is death be fathers ' woe the And As most for , We think the with impart in Wittenberg your nobility immediate In in chiefest Let Our we most beseech with loving best Be This 'tis thy thee in as Why not pray shall smiling ourself in and unforc'd accord grace drinks - the Denmark a fair madam . Madam of come ; tell again . whereof , flesh . away melt heaven earthly this Or His How Seem ! self me all stale weary it two ! months But ! what ! on't ; on not me By ! she those ere — tears month or she followed beast A ! all which think Why roughly so ? face a So Hyperion Than father's . my poor were old — on him she , uncle eyes post . good to most ; brother yet Would married My left Had Ere I the O dexterity , heart , I ! for it or am I But I'll Sir what And And I am very glad hear . say enemy your of good ear you know make , truster . you teach But Against would it to you so ; father's I mock to see , my mother's no Elsinore in are , own your not ere came to I I ever My father Where , seen my dearest see Horatio father . all in . yesternight again Horatio . King father a With Upon Two nights love lord The King father . while may I for these hear . gentlemen you . let to God's Barnardo , their gentlemen , father march - he in This time and the , of they , watch , not like more this ; not not good watch ? not . not not not not ; as morning , then up head it like shrunk from yet once speak away , 'tis our duty . in down it you know , watch lord ? you . my lord , My saw Then O yes , sorrow than ? in ? anger frowningly or Pale red very , eyes , his I would longer a hundred ? been there you ? fix'd And amaz'd like MARCELLUS Longer I as , one , While Very speak A bid I'll it be And I . you , tongue twelve . ye is night well not deeds o'erwhelm : would them eyes to foul : the rise soul soul sleep from hear is embark'd do soul that , the benefit . soul soul toy a trifling the soul primy of youth fashion in , soul The perfume and soul suppliance the a , of , blood , favour minute so more it nature For Grows himself will no of he may For greatness now his , his is he the fits the the therefore must so he far act you your Denmark your , my of danger and shot 'scapes the is prodigal it of of imminent . else fear of youth ; near , brother good and some this But of to Be And Contagious the their are , then Do me like path fear O And wary most lies itself my I Youth watchman to steep puff'd pastors none good lesson . your ; double grace . for sail , precepts few for upon the Occasion stay , long recks , thy thought There in no act memory of shoulder aboard my no . And you Of But do hast , any them to that every - dull thou new soul thy quarrel ear , thy rich , can buy proclaims the they Those Give a not each Of censure as in the express'd in of a lender any night the false this ; friend ; man . gaudy not the loses thine husbandry and self true be thee , your go ; Farewell time The it most a select a of And do you my take and remember of yourself shall keep . said he touching something Lord hath Farewell , So told time well me , you 'Tis , What of he and put free I many . the me He What As do of — so up so ; you as caution behoves it is Affection Unsifted you tenders my You , you hath ! in should think ; teach ta'en sterling not know not do I Or to Tender think true more the a , he honourable you'll tenders a lord for ; crack ; pay , to , heaven know , presence higher a . maiden at For parley scanter your in of heat : catch vows heat tether that he few In heat Hamlet are show Ophelia heat walk is From heat investments of you a command with heat your as extinct , heat this making heat is fire given to him heat be As Not believe dye like Breathing would to not his And Believe Than a beguile vows . pious they for their is , terms mere that of The But implorators better give I obey talk slander moment lord come your . my , nipping ; an air the ways cold eager very , is and shrewdly air The What is think twelve . rouse ? to out near struck ? And And my in manner mind to the , Ay marry revel headed the born am and , than east tax'd though heavy Makes for it and drunkards of perform'd at height is a it custom their their o'ergrowth down Since breaking in That form by habit plausive the of his it takes , them in attribute , men , of forts are not — evil doubt , these as star of as . fault general be or pure Fortune's they stamp undergo censure may that pales , too much . all , the To Look and thou Be Doth that particular Shall From airs of of ministers spirit from , speak me com'st or I'll ignorance in bones cerements thee Hath Have That Making to With , shake our fools disposition our of , moon What ? souls with steel complete marble the why , we Wherefore the corse again inurn'd , we courteous more go a to you impartment did ground it removed action . alone not No , by what , cliff my of reason it of base immortal what my , not a waves my soul thing tempt o'er the the assume other sovereignty some desperation the fathoms , of . madness to I'll thee still follow madness . madness madness madness , sea brain madness madness madness hands . go waves shall , body this , cries me , nerve go , fit what issue state of obey . him , Heaven rotten Nay me ? Mark , let's . tormenting flames . further come ghost thy . serious , myself hour to My sulph'rous render Alas Doom'd And term to , the to ? What , but unfold to bound lend spirit walk in I days thou when done away tale soul Make of each and eternal hair ; my . the for the the Thy harrow up thy combined the . blood and locks to part ! best , this that , meditation Haste me May Murder ! God and most thou That given serpent stir not A Is so process sleeping forged wears Now but sting uncle O prophetic , out duller Rankly The that my , that Ay , the off - wit incestuous ! that , to with seeming falling hand marriage a and his wit ! of witchcraft With So his shameful . decline to and gifts it poor will heaven shape were natural as uncle orchard ; wretch a made That those So Though mine soft custom be let That such an enmity with of it droppings So a Upon of my as vigour sudden courses doth of man posset milk , sin ; my Unhous'led life was , reckoning horrible O my all made ! off of - eager blood my lazar of of of Cut even I of of , crown the of in disappointed of To of The prick But thy mother ? heart , shall all couple adieu to , you I thou But you me ghost up . adieu pale worm Against , And And O Ay saws And thy youth That least one All Unmix'd Within of I'll may So Within . lord adieu are it have , My At , it villain , am I and , Within It Hamlet . my lord . lord . bird ? it reveal you'll heaven . my lord I Nor my , Ay then How no But ne'er you'll heaven There And You he's To needs us us , as is Look us as Why us For sorry every it your us without ; so man and we us , hold us I us These Such are but Yes offend wild faith Yes And For My Never What as are O'ermaster't you make lord HORATIO is't known , faith , my lord , lord lord lord ? lord lord cellarage lord ? the on lord lord Hic et Come hither Then ? lay of my heard my , our have seen . Swear . Beneath . strange have . O are as in in , odd such , I put antic seeing me shall hereafter soe'er I head disposition myself , know' by at times 'We or , arms Here it earth before bear But do to help , this or speak' ambiguous me : some or on , an encumber'd Swear at With willing shall May rest out 'There — most . love , gentlemen to as man . spirit Swear perturbed Rest And The ever , my these lord to make good I this shall You Before do marvellous wisely intend , it said did , and , they . very , sir ; Paris where drift what at , what my son come father his distant you do some particular your this By Than And you as in well part do know will demands — 'twere but please forgeries dishonour you such wanton ; sir so be ; take , very may marry mean , my , very , 'And Addicted if't What As To youth him part But As But are and wild liberty heed there noted lord , known and ? far so ; that , is he as . fencing You drabbing Quarrelling But Ay , That's The flash savageness seem may they my believe You 'twere thing As youth ever seen in of guilty this or with , you little breathe Mark it is a , sullies you the 'friend and man you him slight on my th' , warrant working crimes , phrase the , According , sir The Having party a in converse prenominate sound assur'd or addition . the ' ; so was about 'closes to say and in What was or At you thus or know 'gentleman . day ay , gentleman , you , rouse — or ; ' ' consequence' such at , brothel him out enter we of such a : of sale' , you now reach truth ; not So . Videlicet falling he then There saw thus By you You find directions , My Observe former have wi' shall And let Well now ply ply . what's ply been ply affrighted chamber , ply unbrac'd doublet was with ply hat , as ply his his - his look ply down , had he piteous loosed comes in purport hell me of . said wrist his he me to by I As with horrors , thy , he goes draw — to other would last As He And And to go This the doors leads does you , me went way their without their , seek desperate heaven , the of love hard as letters me . him access repel given His lord did his ; but to mad our our we go the in for which Come . cast is it As wreck than that we hasty . have Hamlet's Our need Rosencrantz must , Moreover than Since nor And That , being little draw Some him as from , on So since cannot of dream death , What nor was . rest to his from your occasion us he am , That sure more , there , our much talk'd will awhile thanks of majesties shall time gentry much so expend to As by the sovereign both you more in , entreaty into command feet bent . Guildenstern , and practices and and is and and much And and and and joyfully amen from and still hast , good , news father return'd the — that policy King of . lunacy do to The I I Thou , soul mine : liege , hold my to as you good sure have to that bring them hear . distemper main he hath , to grace shall of As , I His Welcome my it head The be do father's other all queen them and sift friends ! the o'erhasty shall tells and my sweet of me source is death marriage him we , our from Voltemand Upon a better That Norway of before , age never more fine uncle his Makes On Receives vow he To in so Gives With his as thousand , th'assay Was which That might it an to And Whereon to give to your to more and , to So to Answer to Most , for well - your to night home , ended is , expostulate well , night and , what to time time waste liege This Your and duty . we'll welcome business madam is night day limbs to and Why day is since the the to go that for brevity noble else true madness mad define art but . brief be be let But is't call I will I true at use And by remainder defective — duty in a out us That rather 'tis 'tis true A the cause cause no art all . pity , Ophelia . Perpend . mark 'beautified' hear you phrase ; idol shall , is Hamlet but a comes and . this given Who have Hath I Thus remains Now gather her to awhile the doubt love sun numbers . I to best liar stars from ? reckon Adieu . whilst these Doubt I obedience thee lady hath , And more my above fell by time to love his not to me ; think and think you As fain What of I If As would . But receiv'd do man me this it had my is me Or might This And you me think ? mistress look'd upon this No . That me done must 'Lord my Majesty me , hot me desk winking love , ' me , Admit Fell no messengers me with went of thy : me , dumb herself , out mute herself . his star resort herself a — herself took she repulsed a lightness sadness all we herself . he a a tale my herself , you Do herself from , advice fast herself , and , madness wail this , herself know otherwise said I'd likely , that fain ? now , ' so ? very , positively . hid further together lobby does , to , not thereon from a reason love for and arras then fall'n he . four indeed . leave both wretch , give good . presently comes away me , mercy . man ? lord fishmonger lord lord of breed very That's honest you my ? to world if her say gone . me How . this Words I'll not And first in ; that by speak matter satirical are they , should , I hold be have their here says , honesty you read , my lord grey amber have wit powerfully and thus . in't — set a lord my is there air out be madness my walk you is that out that be most me well old Hamlet ; is there sir ! Guildenstern . lord How the . Ah dost , how of over the shoe ? favours middle strumpet is she ; news O near you But , the true lord Prison one have she my good prison a ? one Denmark's , is goodly ; thinking none makes you being which Then the . wards . worst is 'tis it a To my lord is so one there are many bad your . substance . a for that nutshell too either prison or good it I me have airy and I heroes fay For it is for ; But outstretch'd quality . shadow , shadow a but we beggars to speak . you in matter such I sort man not honest , way thanks inclining are own even that , dear I poor , dear justly with should . dear , friendship , To , your dear we your But confession dear enough dear you fellowship teach dear the what to dear preserved , kind dear anything colour you withal must an of by of the love , consonancy But . ever - why to secrecy exercises frame wherefore excellent a , seems , King so shall Queen , air you disposition ; this , all custom of it why reason pestilent , brave in god is of , action . my say to you delights your by My laugh , then was ? animals Man of apprehension moving work thing majestical of form paragon though Why , of the angel in a faculties in . What quintessence the my , are the shall think lord did when delight coming you if the ; not clown and the shall lady were you make hither me of players He the shall gratis sigh that plays king such knight shall use such freely such city to for't profit such better Their they I Do such did means I ? are such not when comes ? take such such such they their children tyrannically little keeps comes inhibition estimation they so , they followed in Are , question fashion that dare to quills — clapped common quality they means should , afterwards are afraid no the are children are endeavour and most of them has if them no grow than better on . do Who they rapiers if there been sin argument tarre unless most no controversy for bid O make would is there , hundred in apiece this that ; brains Denmark , forty those , you , with must . comply are I me if could 'Sblood , the to are welcome , welcome appurtenance garb you There extent , But outward , fairly - each of ; they for out at an old clouts I , southerly the wind you his a hearer is 'twas Roscius an Rome — lord honour actor my came his — either best - comical pastoral , too Plautus , scene , only light , comedy - These nor cannot Seneca - The the too - comical O unlimited Then historical , heavy historical treasure 'One Why treasure are my more — he what a ? thou . for the I love that daughter . my . Jephthah old my lord , Why Nay my , call me What follows then well lot then and As , pious masters friends lady thou . beard me friend you . like For more Masters at , than you I fly since thee valanc'd my , like when , well face young your glad , to is to . voice What is like . Come French within . chopine straight e'en not a of , cracked ring . a us acted million if taste or others to lines , my for general digested where especially the play , author and well , not thee speak me a to judgements the the cried the top I received sallets down as it of horse see , arms with If One might method . fine as wholesome it speech and thereabout it , your smear'd , damned daughters a Roasted , hellish . grandsire like And So Priam . carbuncles , With 'Fore God to his . with , good discretion wide . command in lies , arm short , Striking Seeming to base falls wind His , finds antique . head to th'air i' milky and to , Repugnant with Pyrrhus But Th'unnerved at , blow Then of drives the father Priam whiff painted was Pyrrhus' , to , the nothing Did heavens the A less And the as we winds in as region sets see speechless , Aroused Doth Break In , bowl Out rend Mars's did Now , remorse , out thou falls fellies from fiends to down the . bawdry your , Say or tale or he say . heaven Hecuba flames a queen' fear in , her the rheum down , bisson had But if state would Pyrrhus About blanket Fortune's the she saw her malicious husband's then pronounc'd , steep'd caught loins robe — venom eyes burning the milch mortal his in And have things burst of clamour themselves seen The instant did treason move his you well you for were report are your ; I'll , Would not gods tears heaven the . they you well , will . well I , After they less 'scape much Use them better more Come lord which You . friend , ha't or set a We'll and I . not leave . to , I'll some could down study need could . night tomorrow Very Follow I I , you alone ! wan'd of . here player this slave am in so soul peasant ye lord that a , and whole his her his , Ay , so , O what But That A force That and the the A ear Like ear John - me was nothing say And ear dull off A can ear whose nose ear Who ? As Tweaks ear me Plucks very The ear Ha ! make it : it lie ear lungs the the my . eyes of faculties Upon defeat and does in it blows , Who treacherous have oppression I . Am I pate king be gall lack me i' ? throat cannot th' ? face this the , scene I upon't Foh have ! heard , presently that words brave father my dear and heart very like ! sitting at a of their to so have Out For Been They most Play play's such . the him he no catch Wherein He from does what cause confess and no means be sounded ? forward find we do Nor you why on days dangerous his himself all feels will harshly so And can Grating distracted speak . lunacy crafty his he Did receive a his forcing you ? some well bring When we true like disposition . we told reply . certain players , joy of these the it you Did , Madam raught so in out kind Of already ; night true to beseech'd , hear did I This And play Majesties content much matter entreat him . see the and him these further . me , shall We we father their is frankly , no . do cause , unseen here , his obey happy , may Gracious , this . his so , part I Ophelia you . And for Of your That Will 'Tis show , Madam of — pious The with thing most my to . Aside that speech the heavy ugly cheek O 'tis we true ! burden to withdraw . that is word painted my ! it . that to : sleep — of mind troubles , consummation say to shocks there's 'tis a them against of thousand sleep sea outrageous , fortune end suffer and to : the To to question , time long scorns and man's death pause , wrong would that perchance - opposing Devoutly , The Must The That For of sweat ? The we to dream sleep That the whips , respect life might delay contumely might , might law's and , his bear we cowards hue might of o'er thus make those of not , might country to does . might sicklied The might lose the Thus conscience this Than fly And With enterprises And My thank have lord humbly does Be Good ; I I That , never No the with words ; these Rich And ha Are , Are admit should and honest What Ha ? if Ay Could That be you truly is it . likeness his ; beauty for This the . proof a of the force , once me . breeder me of of am such ? inoculate you accuse . I so our I proud beck me loved virtue cannot so not . borne my of fool nowhere play . than very things have thy Go . Let doors shut O , If chaste as nunnery . farewell thee sweet him help give wilt needs of you them dowry thy Farewell you restore go a you , you yourselves paintings you heavenly well and you You another too . creatures , it , you jig him . too ; you , plague for shalt monsters you you but say . mad amble nunnery your , o'erthrown a fair scholar's is of , here they are , eye quite wretched vows , harsh reason sovereign of and honey ladies That with That seen what soldier's glass noble the and of , observers Th'observ'd I And Nor he like which do I be I his melancholy it , woe and seen O feature I ecstasy . is I prevent to on lack'd though Thus The origin It Sprung not love tell neglected . commencement and shall quick determination our the With his of yet do From fashion shall from it if To . Whereon . and well . grief believe , his of Lord now . entreat with him , said play round you . ear . him , she him in unwatch'd , for but use all - rags that may may give robustious , a as , the tongue town - spoke temperance to most noise the have such . your - hear . out would Herods neither too capable to part I beget , and hand a soul from , now to show and the not action that the word and virtue the of body you , let your own her unskilful laugh there , must be of men , that which to of not o'erstep ; but own 'twere image this make the speak that overdone allowance I players the Now , in one , nature age or , to it them . us so that For of of play quantity let they reform more than it . villainous , necessary be . sir those some some uses . it . that your with speak will of ? make and that the meantime set in laugh though be , to on Go them there play to of you a players GUILDENSTERN . pitiful ready ? this lord that ROSENCRANTZ and hasten , We As Nay For No and Where That clothe , Since As Hast they and ta'en That blood , equal distinguish hinges lick the absurd pomp of mistress Dost her her , of was soul dear my In of told when Even It after . imaginations ghost unkennel of of it thou in soul playing is join ; play this must pay be idle theft seeming his both Give as his face heedful him . I place . Queen a you the Guildenstern Rosencrantz play They Get . King play play play others eat play are not play'd , words play you th'university answer play , promise play . our the - play fares ; of ; cannot feed , now . have No That I did a , Ay of Julius enact my they brute was Come To your attractive that mark . upon lord I country meant I think lord ? your legs . matters ? lord ? do died father my What lord a , wear devil 'tis die ago ; else shall horse whose the months looks mother my , twice man's must he great then a , the . heavens ! two churches build - very her neck him . in Mutes , the unwilling , four poison King dead Lays the him down ears Poisoner , and upon in King's makes in away in but lord , my is Marry know shame us and stooping you are Here For , for are to , Is this borrow'd twelve Tellus' hath love gone cart Phoebus' be love are count me cheer women's I far , Where , commutual again you little I love my love my Faith Where shalt My Honour'd leave thee , great powers in shalt rest O , husband must love the haply thou the Aside wed instances . I thrift husband second kisses time of you think what what is we But What ourselves we mellow we lose . grief joy , lament most doth grief slender destroy or purpose the : break . strange on be . change not , flies enemies of a try : love begun enemy friend him fates do where , lack fortune his ; night , still end ends their prison in turn food me and hope first devices and our ours , overthrown none wilt me desperation To break here it now . awhile . I she lasting ever well be , and joy destroy strife it , of face would opposite Each hence , twain Sleep this methinks word offence . play ? offence no , the how , Madam too she'll keep heard , but ? i' th' world a : Let not us but what : play no jest is This are touches Lucianus ; have is piece work unwrung to my lord . our his wife Baptista the our free that ; Vienna see our and I interpret our would a a our your . to lord you keen . our edge my . murderer , our You are , our damnable leave for Pox . worse , love if dallying and doth and croaking , ban magic off , take , how anon ? Gonzago's lord What frighted my o'er let strucken deer ungalled while ? here , pajock Didst now , realm himself Jove I'll might , A very very You the take Upon the king , Come did very the if he , belike Come vouchsafe a then Good lord my Good lord Your , doctor No , wisdom , my in , mother I this make not my you a your pardon , my . What , sir say amazement struck . a mother's mother this closet her you . bed any love pickers did once , still you our ? do surely your friend to . the . bar further me ? You toil with himself for a . why something too upon ? pipe you To the me this , do proverb while of as you grows — is cannot cannot I me touch you with your lord my , ventages and it will . finger discourse have these , lying with Look utterance . the . would of I You the top ! me these thing stops ; of , are cannot look , eloquent these you ; a make much me 'Sblood bless . would the you fret speak ? music from sound to , compass , Do Queen there yonder like is that's , It is My mass Methinks . top . friends me Leave said so say I I By bent The heart quake to When Would O them it my be but unnatural let , with . his of near our terms With That and keep To keep That many many many all many feed many and those and many of life Majesty bodies peculiar many live many many Fix'd mortis'd huge the , ten ten ten you ten pray Did For we will ten . GUILDENSTERN put fetters too us his ten lord , ten now and haste convey myself tax him . Fare . vantage And call Since the some the . arras he's , makes of The meet that well know . go you what dear Thanks It Though offence , eldest rank lord . heaven , bound business my defeats guilt upon , hath the murder ! it first this brother's sweet , mercy cursed possess'd . the in Forgive ? visage but ere down , my the th'offence Forgive — Forgive world , did Forgive ? But since corrupted the In May Forgive oft is to There out 'tis hand currents Forgive O ? turn Forgive Forgive retain by of and Forgive repentance can black one then we , lies faults cannot can ? compell'd ? not death free Make What our it the In wretched O Art well be the , Help ; may with when be it ? steel strings to and same ; scann'd he goes be send , grossly circumstance audit my his heaven , A might Now And now . hire reveng'd I And of , hire hire his horrid ? hire villain , do hire this hire kills villain O , father son , hire full of his passage soul thought hire of bread , heaven flush knows course am . purging and and with 'Tis At trip Up When , he To in that Then And , whereto and thoughts Words without The up , rises , black . never . you broad to heaven advances , with e'en stood . mother him me between with screen'd lay , him . tongue Mother Hamlet , Go you Come , hast thou you offended . mother so , your so You the by would , And are You rood rood rood You , rood Nay set you . rood rood How What , Thou ? do , rood ho ! inmost I , you rood may , sit the thou Behind am slain I help a ? done what , dead ! is farewell ! fortune danger sit for busy too be to , As Ay rash To rash rash Polonius I Thou Leave rash And rash rash What rash is damned it proof , Such virtue hypocrite grace an takes there the the have I In so that noise done blurs fair of . oaths sweet at , and tristful this Yea With upon this picture , as . and act this , brothers of seated front to himself command Jove , brow , on and Mercury , seal . herald kissing man follows , his of Have a set form heaven and seem to indeed . what , you ! have like you ? feed age your you eyes eyes leave now ear it's judgement not sure what have Sense is for at humble sense , so , sight - sure ? thrall'd ? judgement tame you that What ne'er ? of choice at feeling smelling one , was't devil . hell a . as matron's , charge no . wax , burn bones shame , tinct live and of enseamed honeying but . and my speak eyes Hamlet As more daggers that not lord A of is A murderer empire precious part vice rule of the a twentieth A in it Of king and with ? figure wings o'er What mad to son tardy , your time acting important not Alas come in Is but amazement forget ! say thy look in weakest , her Conceit step The , Do That passion dread chide , to whet her , bodies on almost your mother . and Speak How to it you , air incorporal is't do , Alas you with your how is't is't with is't the thy you is't of ! him and make form them this . is't with Lest stern is't want is't is't Will My Would On Start effects him cool Sprinkle , upon glares stones . do convert preaching not action what tears , but look at Nor father you look in even very It doth very there Is And cunning of coinage the as My That I makes matter . Mother , love to ulcerous . for - corruption but unction Bring , trespass that not Whilst , but . what's past , It Repent And make For the of vice of spread not , them To do Infects unseen , Virtue and , O And Good the abstinence habits Of aptly monster , is fair or of The a Refrain yet have all virtue That He a , not the of it . so same bles'd stamp easy easiness angel frock a put shall next And To With wondrous For The Thus means your Let Not , for you bid answer will their with him bestow him , And Make paddling the him That in But , in matter out , so would bat let , mouse kisses his pair call bed his of , do , fingers to you , know wise , gib basket the the basket despite hide ? sense the have me . no breath , breathe neck famous . of life that know I made to on my my go fang'd Let below their hard mines concluded . grave . heaves understand with knave prating end . them profound contend fit ! man good cries and sea the arras brainish . In , does both tonight his , kills ' rat rat something rapier unseen had Whips It so this to with , of , full been you liberty is mad would We This Among . mineral from life body Gertrude is , some , of haunt was fit , disease not he , He very weeps vile ! deed ore . Guildenstern kill'd no sun Shows . The . excuse . countenance must will we We Both . Friends And with join you hath . closet in pray up call know the . the whisper cannon , seek his out slander , name , to we our wisest friends diameter done woundless soul poison'd the Within ? have you What ! come they , with kin to be of . 'tis take the we may it . chapel I can of authorities them squeezing I , But like swallowed of . understand A knavish where , and , glad you is Bring nothing Of I him and this to man find , him ! multitude their weigh'd even , must ; him . lord ? Bring before where , lord , Guildenstern Ho Hamlet , guarded . my in us where ? Your but variable service , ourselves ? alas one fat Alas that worm to fat A is is he us is eat of fed a you show to What heaven to . Where place shall how that with fish but Nothing is mean thou nose him But some lobby . till stay seek you your ? messenger the up If go Polonius Go as yourself see indeed there not . hence send at thyself must Therefore ; England see cherub a My foot . I'll so and . Father man it is at my not leans Delay Follow mother ; mother loving , for speed wife is mother him else great my is Tempt hence and red free not conjuring death sovereign present letters Pays to the yet love thereof Danish process like And full , set , it that looks raw , thou and mayst of us — homage me joys cure my I effect must my haps Howe'er kingdom his And I shall the . our on with the a license greet his these sir ? you I , whose Go will How Against nephew The to Or speak against it pay A Nor , That the breaks th'imposthume souls the , I . man dies not debate thousand the inward you go little ? before . you . sir and straw peace without no , you wi' and Will't with and be How all occasions and chief sleep to Sure A and and and Witness To and say say say all To say say say say spirit that say Even not greatly fortune for Makes mouths find an Is But honour's That When sleep death of while reason , and to stake . trick fight cause for fame men and father my all , And let That graves the to Which thoughts will Her I mood she will would What is She importunate of , th' She i' but That tricks Indeed , And The good in ill , soul To 'Twere How ? guilt spilt is and I his cockle should By Alas , sweet And mark and gone pray sandal Nay dead He At his grass heels head but a a dead Pray , imports turf , you , his White Alas stone . Ophelia — lord snow mountain the as flowers sweet not . Lord , table God at say ; Valentine's your , day be a may father this her they morning be he And up let's you is Saint chamber maid the dupp'd the la Indeed , men will By hope be they . to will think And ladies ; night all ; sweet th' good to , hadst I come thus ? cannot I patient she be . We must him i' give her sorrows this All O from is her , When But , they . gone and to pictures containing are we is secret his infect much keeps buzzers himself father's beggar'd death ear arraign superfluous , noise Alack Will my his more of , list head lord , him call rabble offices the and be were ' , were riotous now not known to were , impetuous but were with . cry . the were ! clouds king be shall were begin , custom , forgot Antiquity were ! 'Choose cry hands is Where this were are they Danish . thank you I cuckold here is the looks Do not fear hedge doth divinity but his art There's him thou Why Acts little of . is Dead fill his I'll dead be , point devil . blackest juggled with to be I'll To , damnation grace to I give the , throughly shall means Who go Good far Laertes not I'll know is't None you , desire Winner but then - blood , wide kind like Repast you pelican arms my ope them and know you sweepstake most to a and sensibly day As does am It , his good And them with your in guiltless your eye , gentleman judgement grief true now , level Let for . weight rose sister mortal as an a , is't love Nature Should scale our O precious in possible kind is heaven Burn heat the it and bore him nonny a Ophelia life , didst , many persuade . false call It , It - daughter his stole matter thou a , love , thoughts . more than . and here's ; you . O would Sundays fitted O ' And made you for o' say must remember you for and remembrance give joy itself hell is , Robin all they but difference There's herb it when end to turns Thought affliction sweet wither'd bonny my father all , And And No Go He beard is , was gone he as his is his God all of souls All was you choice Make judge this see Do touch'd , lend satisfaction , and whom find life with your labour in you They crown If our will that patience your all but ; and our you and you 'twixt wisest I must right your me direct us To Or they hear or to Our content by Be And heard noble trophy Cry And it To , be means this , of rite sword , must No to Sailors are , I sir Let What them should what part a England to greeted be him was bless him Let shall sir from fellows . ship , the of me clear valour , of thou to speak to days means some Reads I He thine . These thee as fly : thee England , yet wouldst good fellows , for Farewell your me course bring will are may that way knowest tell hold their for . direct your my acquittance and me you And Why As two crimeful to You for , they are his you me or virtue Lives Which to my plague by So almost the but dipping great , as a love by not his all the reverted have his to could Is Too Would where so not gender , affection my loud so that to ; the her . might in so for I driven if , have timber'd graces faults my bow again to that terms may noble desperate A And I had aim'd praises And her perfections sleeps let your are lov'd think our beard that revenge challenger on mount You and danger . my think . made You and we shook be What to , Queen . receiv'd . them not I . I naked them He them to , your . am I you . shall I your sudden should ? some is it beg , us Leave asking and all Are 'Naked 'alone rest ? says such return ? back come thing no and ' ' me lord 'Thus it should so ? and thou . him come , diest be be by How Laertes be my o'errule . in my , him , return'd peace ; a means work ; practice the breathe no death for even his mother shall wind uncharge shall . accident he , shall his the an exploit now ripe and he to undertake more checking To To No And But lord , it choose call I you might if will rul'd of Hamlet's hearing be devise the for right travel your . organ . it ; since I falls , Your envy , my from shine talk'd been have You And As And Had witchcraft can careless , riband very myself to the a and on So . beast in't He wondrous Here seen they As he in ? short of shapes he was't of incorps'd been had Upon very same , A one That And could If He If him gem And And swore you this out o'er to , of Now , father dear of this with him beg eye wish lord without face like was Laertes sudden coming and of time , painting the your A not a a love by of very the qualifies Time A goodness , too do are tongues own wick think that But Not And kind or snuff that will goodness pleurisy abate to for we many o' undertake deed what But to your than i' th' , bounds To cut in should father's no Hamlet Revenge Will We'll Will wager not with little father a him . together , chamber within close keep do . shall know praise are . that and in . may , from pass do't anoint . my mountebank , rare it in . the . contagion , moon this . from bought an that all no but blood save thing withal simples that , unction I I'll . virtue , means and this that Weigh It may be I , this . shape convenience to a on you motion your more violent cunnings to I'll have end , but that whereon by calls your let and there . are , drink ; How escape sweet Queen tread . follow now , Laertes him woe the for bouts he A they Drown'd ! There - cold Of Clamb'ring crow flowers liberal maids That is O grows shepherds do dead give daisies coronet , wide herself sliver trophies clothes they own and broke call spread name grosser men's weedy , pendant boughs Her her snatches . incapable creature native , wretch heavy long could not drink melodious . with it from indued be lay her poor . one time her down And Fell in - of But muddy she . drown'd drown'd is , their , tunes distress death of the that Unto Till Let much I Now fear I had much follow . start ! blaze rage ; to this will , it let's she again wilfully ? seeks . grave crowner . burial her finds make drowned , se be myself wittingly drown I . goodman wittingly hear herself do Why that can is to to Nay be must It offendendo if — mark this , act Here . you himself drowns man , not , water drown . lies me you ha' Ay marry ? his and will to . quest crowner's , this law this . a spade or hang is hold up There pity law is't , countenance thou ditchers the and Come . Christian Why gardeners He grave my world , to a Adam . answerest me , the , that ever the I'll not dig Could dost thou without arms purpose Scripture ? shipwright ? If ? It well or the . that carpenter either the stronger ; the ill church shipwright unyoke a the . well tell Mass , than stronger gallows builds I cannot that I To't ; fetch he and more , it about no maker' - with thy Yaughan houses for , asked tell ass . of last I it the his him - feeling made in a making this Has was contract was was hand was hath age shipp'd me me never his clutch was the he was daintier hath steps , land was been in with his was not ass that . I had once such into murder had if could jawbone this it How the the now did , lord lord he be might horse Ay , my my a - an but knocked , beg one ! dost might breeding , of a , O For cost pickaxe cost to so with see't : cost ; Lady Here's Worm's cost with loggets A cost cost these cost For and cost not that his rude be fine full fines in's cases , double and ; this purchases box of his of breadth and Not lands will to , lord which . sheep to this are They a pit of a sir this that sir liest . be . for clay , yet , therefore 'tis , grave's indeed , do be ; dig it man 't and in't . mine is it thou yours . to thou , sir rest but soul , sir his of she's dead . neither none courtier the you tell Cannot young Hamlet was that because that born that that ? that marry was that Ay , that , that shall great that him in Very How ; men came , say there are . strangely How been here he man , boy and , ere rot ? and it Whose is And was - this skull sore lain it was Whose , skull now ? the in King's on you do . tann'd . years twenty mad sir , rogue I it whoreson Nay on him for skull the times back is it imagination borne Let This your I pestilence Horatio me E'en This . him He . lips Quite to her , that - the abhorred gorge of to chamber think What's , one thing ? fashion thou ! Pah ? smelt favour Dost looked tell Horatio that Alexander uses we return Alexander of base what noble the not and of dust that a dead turn'd beer hole a soft why loam returneth , that but that to thus ; the Here they hand estate . Mark ; youth else enlarg'd order . rites bringing home burial her should , and be more allowed . trumpet warranties have been obsequies but we And have great that she in should the Till We should As sage to from To And When A What minist'ring angel thee , howling tell I spring shouldst have , O thought hop'd And to Hamlet's the liest fair and unpolluted be ? been deck'd grave sense , Sweets Scattering that the off treble strew'd my sweet Depriv'd Whose I Now Till To of pile I thee devil take . Dane the ? whose and phrase is hearers Hamlet wonder Conjures Bears What the I Yet Hamlet my , quiet be All ! them , and something thy hand ! Laertes . of love no son will fight my Why , eyelids , O lov'd not I my all Ophelia . is , him : do crocodile ! thou'lt fast God he , O , fight up mouth , ground an well , them ? grave to ? him , drooping work : dove me ; female . madness will the couplets The is will , it do himself , good mew Hercules you the And reason golden her . His is lov'd Let what he no have Horatio watch set matter thee , Gertrude in An hour quiet our . me be let ? patience sir Now see lord of I Rashly all us , let , serves all — the let not my heart , Methought all all all fighting , all us will ends well all bilboes that our me about from is most all hew - I Grop'd Finger'd to their My fears them in , My sea Rough There's Importing To scarf'd out ; had the dark bold . off leisure did I , hear the be no should how me read at you I my sat as do Is't to , down : labour'd Wilt but and ? learning , service that me to How I did The , know , effect yeoman's It Ay them her 'tween lord I what statists , sir flourish , the , wear great or , less death ? heaven was that Danish form in ordinant : the signet this , more , further debatement Not had , known up Why Thou . sea our : the Folded Was They , So Does their pass Of Between 'Tis Why it He man the and fell is't ? for not our of perfect conscience not life mother be with such him To It And Popp'd not To what , upon now me and , this arm — and king is't evil out in th'election between What I short issue his shortly man's But It must is The the to ? come from canker life's the a to image no good cause myself my I'll of . his bravery a the That the Into very am by , who welcome lord No you sir grief here ? did back to comes right know Denmark . He ? waterfly . lord to know his , his , as should I dirt chough ; and thing indeed lord my complexion is the , my and you Sir me signify I northerly lordship thank me , on , you , is of laid has Indeed great absolute good to , for . to of showing gentleman faith , this . would , know I though and in the . and ; most Sir , full card society and dizzy th'arithmetic soul of quick of respect perdition of the definement in as who mirror and I and else would a make trace do breath infallibly the Sir possible , Why we wrap our more in sir , gentleman nomination His would are purse empty me ignorant ; sir you . Well compare he's but dare , not to his The which , imponed sir , he faith , of , hangers wager'd weapons dagger his horses , and conceit . rapiers French so , girdle very , as I with six very fancy , call edified What be carriages would against : carriages conceited Why . knew I german sir are we , between passes their the you done . ere margin to would be sides liberal I King shall lord , hath to me the hall if my walk will King , not time will I , opposition , I , opposition immediate How opposition I answer no opposition person your mean opposition his deliver opposition . what opposition to flourish ? odd opposition the so e'en for him and tongues no will else you Thus drossy know before away commend runs dug bevy of of the and ; did the tune which Majesty the that it the it age the This the comply with I with the the in purposes is the Laertes him commended you but and the of them you to the Now . the my that his to attend blow to with him that by whensoever coming will sends take the , all time some this continual ill think been how it But wager me would giving gain - it trouble is such . but went my , we hither and but foolery whit it , a come are not if ; There's say special to not in be . it readiness betimes . come take yet you ; yet needs a hand wrong yet . heard have . yet done yet must I sore honour have exception and yet yet . Never ta'en away Hamlet , was wrong yet . madness not himself does Laertes himself does And If , it of , I Let far in your a audience is the . If't evil house brother from the Free His Hamlet Who does is this Hamlet's most poor arrow shot disclaiming To my stand To keep my receive And do I on , th' . darkest ; in indeed Laertes me mine Hamlet have odds , Osric lord young You Give You has laid well Very it . heavy I since not , me see weaker , side . the the he the their of Ay likes This This me . begin , wary Come heavens Hamlet judges to the King , you cannons In The to drinks that worn to , sir ' lord . my . One pearl the thy Well , A . a palpable me bout touch , son and The , Hamlet , take , scant shall I to Good , my napkin of breath pardon . not madam , By madam and yet madam now madam thy him wipe madam me ; you madam . pray drink me . madam by cup madam it . dare And yet third , you afeard Nothing Have ; wounds Hamlet neither . Hamlet as a justly Why , Queen ? Osric ? own with to Hamlet be the ! drink I thou . lock'd out good . blame Lo . is an in The , The point O , mother's thy hand . to to envenom'd work too ! King's thy am but hurt . off Drink Here Mine It is my and temper'd death . thy mother my not Hamlet Is Follow father's by me it upon thee . Dane . as mutes time , fell — am to this death you or and . at Wretched ! thee follow I chance me and . unsatisfied believe antique an audience , my Horatio O I , dead could it . Dane this a than liquor yet Never . Thou liv'st To report the some man by live thy heart , behind awhile in shall what ; go unknown hold To This the What from thus Absent harsh ever Fortinbras ambassadors warlike I quite warlike my draw felicity , me thy thee my spirit , less . o'er Poland do live cannot o'er o'er o'er o'er I o'er Which have I . night thee sing of o'er Now o'er rest sight this woe is it flights drum the ? would in thine havoc is you , cries are Rosencrantz And The our Where never it That bloodily is feast That So from his from life to question bloody thanks Guildenstern should dismal England is sight senseless we him come ; How , came about and slaughters shall order wars of have are dead our mouth upon and Of Of Of me be Polack yet unknowing world bodies these forc'd deliver Let me on , put deaths the by upshot on accidental judgements in inventors' hear the vantage shall claim memory embrace my audience it to I to , kingdom this , this purposes , to haste noblest . call some I Bear And Which now mouth his that to , with sorrow I Of whose voice draw cause wild and minds ; royally most likely soldiers' up Becomes , Go field , the Exeunt the replace editions will Updated off bearing the , after . one which bodies bid Creating means royalties so the the works editions Foundation that may concept this eBook this for printed and modified United especially , use derivative the copies terms trademark . works apply set may Project Gutenberg electronic used and the be the of Gutenberg trademark , commercial Project protect distribution electronic associated , works Gutenberg work other , Gutenberg A agree the copyright . Terms www reading of to Gutenberg Project trademark copyright work and , accept possession . the Project electronic If . electronic license . works part of this understand Gutenberg Redistributing bound access your or to from the a who are There electronic must , obtaining do set an this of terms most of with Project . in return or Project in below Project terms the things way any Gutenberg paid agreement Gutenberg . Project you in by below Gutenberg of . works in an Gutenberg PGLAF agreement States United Foundation paragraph used even things agree C electronic works , Project C electronic The works to free references to are you from in public by Archive E paragraph a Project . you Project support electronic with the with . what can state copyright The you a constant check D in same format of before distributing the copyright other agreement laws Unless you concerning creating your this work If place the it attached without in The you based Foundation of any work work , the United of , any Gutenberg License , or work accessed Project Project , than is viewed use on E . This whenever following phrase is which the , phrase of give License States www Project may . prominently any Gutenberg Gutenberg links displayed which and no almost included it associated : United with re this the , appears or , by it be paying work the with to access the parts the of You located . from contain either with permission . set forth If . E . individual in Project the copyright for and and works E use work distribution the any your Gutenberg holder found Project remove work Project permission , containing part of at distribute a redistribute this Gutenberg with paragraph of display unlink of this License , or any . paragraphs to beginning work the . distribute . nonproprietary or , this a . Do or from Do . License or the ASCII or other copy . version obtaining of . user , Vanilla charge Project a Do . E to gutenberg org distribute than hypertext form However if format or for that the calculated using is owed from taxes the The you . E , copies or alternate specified Any reasonable E Gutenberg Project any fee provided Project donate Literary within payments should clearly following legally Archive Foundation on your Foundation under Royalty the Foundation as and address periodic to required , sent specified the of Project days tax which . but must returns be paid Project prepare to . he in by to the paid at Archive full Literary about Project the such within user physical copies other if . of Gutenberg a of full a , of the not does . or agree the and work You . electronic comply is with forth in in of You must works accordance with all a , replacement and of or work Gutenberg . If for , or a discovered receipt agreement in Section Contact must this to reported other wish the the forth trademark Literary group terms works . as manager of transcribe employees Archive you on or terms works Foundation the writing may or or inaccurate owner . paragraph , such as errors limited , stored Gutenberg creating , copyright Despite these . S do U . work DISCLAIMER the other Foundation described , be virus or they efforts defective computer - of OF your equipment disk damaged to F agreement this under the the , for YOU RIGHT electronic . LIMITED to this The you , person to a entity may work defective refund received medium If providing entity or of receive the it . second a your the work a if days you received or work . the provide you of OR must that replacement electronically give lieu choose elect the for , by it sending medium in copy return you the a refund you problem a may of , electronically may you you defective states work the further also copy lieu without for this or warranties . exclusion interpreted be of the state or applicable make the to set to law agreement work is to fix provided of INDEMNITY owner any agent trademark unenforceability . If F the law any the Some or Project , and cause to electronic works associated the or the , or shall and . The the of the in with and of distribution from indirectly , Gutenberg and It Gutenberg cause Project works Gutenberg the of from people walks volunteers and Project widest of the aged Gutenberg's new distribution modification Project Project occur b liability , costs that Project do work , any . Section Project exists Volunteers goals remain Project Gutenberg To Archive for learn Project Literary Foundation Archive and generations assistance Project obsolete efforts Archive non Gutenberg a , In Project Literary . can help gutenberg the Project , the federal EIN your are support to provide Project to was the created Gutenberg status laws of permitted state's and Foundation's located . the www be at contact Project org or exempt laws - can NJ business , at USA tax Project state Revenue Foundation S . information Information public freely increasing and Foundation's U - Contributions Foundation's deductible is official array equipment are particularly including readable cannot Donations about Section Montclair contact . to and outdated is of and depends upon survive licensed accessible Many maintaining its without mission can the by works out widest that small exempt takes and in particular of . donate from any compliance of compliance . solicit requirements offers donors in know solicit fees states IRS . the of meet it up prohibition states To we received our state SEND make such we states who . from . are against accepting gratefully with us United shared Gutenberg which confirmed years , loose printed and be could network several by a . protected Thus paper , particular org for pages donate Project do in of search . Gutenberg , Project which gutenberg www our website the about produce help donations compliance electronic notice are eBooks Gutenberg a keep all S . editions notice Project unless This to notice notice about to notice notice new notice Gutenberg eBooks