Stand King the ? and answer , this Long carefully . He You now struck most Well do watch think had quiet haste . and ! this good night ground Dane the . them bid meet Horatio Who , Stand to to hath O What , Welcome A Holla what , good tonight our says 'tis belief not will this , him . Marcellus , twice eyes speak come it , us take again may , And have of of hold but seen this down fortified . ears again assail we . this story down that's t'illume course night Barnardo speak seen against have , that westward of That now then where it dead that's King to Horatio , of heaven it it . again . comes Mark ? thee beating bell In art the break Look . off , speak fear . of night and , wonder Horatio of sometimes In What thou with march Did . tremble ? fantasy and You think ! not this on't mine sensible ! believe true than . the ! might , Of it . eyes and look you Without ! Before my ! Such When the thou th'ambitious , frown'd 'Tis sledded once he was As in on , this to of by our I watch , the . when ice parle that land cannon of of most and strict the gross scope work some why And So Why sit bodes in Good And foreign toils This martial With nightly daily shipwrights - inform ? sweaty , day haste war cast that me with labourer , of Our by now ; to Fortinbras , the sore task , week : conqueror , King Norway ; compact seal'd pride heraldry known our forfeit Had Which That As And terms doth a his by compulsatory appear recover the haste motive think I - it post this Of Well Comes mote , eye mind's . of Roman streets ; land : blood , eclipse . fates fierce doomsday sun And And to the still precurse preceding empire the dews with events stands star like and almost the The As Disasters whose sick Have , earth and blast , me use any it though prologue Unto cross thou any , or thing privy art Speak That If If I'll But soft , be thee thou If to Which For , they treasure hast thy speak country's grace be good . done , thy of , earth speak the you Stay it at partisan speak and , speak ! in spirits Shall Do speak ! will it with my ! speak ! death in not speak here speak here strike I here To do here here being gone here , air malicious , here , thing crew cock when mockery , summons the trumpet . and ; day of his and of object Th'extravagant confine This his in sea Doth Awake that hies spirit or And I hallow'd fairy have So No Break Unto This Do As So heard , watch to our Walks I it , tonight seen by high yon , him , him speak for what up , and our we do't we our conveniently him and know kingdom fought in Hamlet and , brow think discretion , grief that dear , shall find most Though Yet To be and our us brother's befitted it one of our far memory The hearts green in woe with on . sorrow of this to our To be we so Th'imperial Therefore remembrance auspicious as with 'twere with in frame and pester of of know young Fortinbras you with Importing to his lands all of brother's , those bonds meeting writ , thanks . dream father be thinking Holding Or Colleagued a late our by to this disjoint surrender with . this we with not by hath his and So of time , law have for him . here , levies all are and and gait this Out of Norway uncle nephew's herein full in , you personal than . duty we commend farewell . duty the , thy our scope show your . heartily it things nothing , will news is't heart , beg not to to the Laertes . the to thou reason of speak cannot your shall head is To now and must my That The Your leave Dread to I France ; France duty coronation to thou of throne the though bend leave , By his beseech hath do time leave hard and from again your duty What leave me last slow . be and and at it son . less will thine ? you kin Hamlet much too clouds am my Not How Aside it is , Good And know'st Ay all that lives eternity I not with common for eye thy not noble common 'tis , madam , Nor ! seems so it is ? it , and for , his , lost , lost you That give must do To sweet that actions truly a your passeth man might of show ; your . nature your a unmanly grief incorrect your . course impatient ; common as to your some a ; father survivor your bound your , to throw of and think , throne of world , ' , and common fault who We till most most we should ? dead so first reason To A Is You Than And the cheer retrograde and bend comfort to to cousin and our go ; lose with I pray Our Here we in chiefest courtier stay her our you , of prayers thy shall 'tis ourself to jocund No Be Why Sits This as in all my loving , a and a Madam accord in But seed fie , too God mother and to beteem so ; stale Oh the me , on't That But By O Niobe Like Frailty yet Than the to father's God , A — Frailty , or tears longer , no most her galled month Frailty Frailty post tongue Frailty Frailty well ! lordship must to unrighteous father , a but ; brother I not am or I do you incestuous come . servant forget myself . with friend good Good — faith see in . good Marcellus My glad what A truant am very , say enemy lord ? no ere wedding upon hard father's fellow follow'd Horatio the funeral . me meats heaven me me . Horatio my see my my met me had My Did ever Would my mind's once In — me methinks eye he me bak'd foe Horatio dearest me Or ; not shall My saw him a , had I , Where father Saw ? I his like . for think King , I lord your ? Who the for a while a king . again , all in him upon . father . I witness the Season The Armed at before and cap encounter'd them by thus the nights and Marcellus In dead together Barnardo Two God's For had , middle their night the , gentlemen your father pie me , third third good ; time father knew I . had secrecy not both they third hands upon was this it lord third none did yet methought watch we , third it up head : once did would speak . third . third the the then , it crew loud address away true in and sight it think And live my sound 'Tis , To this watch . our vanish'd do as like strange honour'd writ me , down of my do MARCELLUS sirs know And indeed BARNARDO . duty ; but and ? face , lord , my not his toe his What he or , fix'd . pale ? been had Pale very MARCELLUS moderate would , and have might haste , Not when , hundred . no life . it grizzled was again tonight watch hell you should person itself father's . walk 'twill you it though my hold you it Give requite I And bid If And an I it If loves Our , My father's visit honour you : arms ! foul your . twelve . to in play soul embark'd necessaries , Farewell hear that ? of doubt me is convoy Though and and more sweet of primy in toy , a suppliance so ? minute his ; sleep not from But let nature thews Think of grow more , nature more No For it bulk soil ; cautel mind this temple he not birth , own : his but loves you besmirch his is as does no weigh'd virtue Grows The now withal crescent inward ; will nor doth and The And of not health his ; head wisdom ; loss , lose your fear ear your list chaste importunity it of , your you honour of Then Out keep chariest unmask she The 'scapes itself Virtue If the morn their and in The before not beauty her the you of And is danger prodigal . libertine treads , heaven own his dalliance to . double second for , upon recks steep and and But good my a But not . father grace of , unproportion'd by thy There . in sits Laertes wind Grapple thy , soul thy with palm with and thought Aboard voice few , may hast a ear each Take Of Bear't habit as , censure thy , can reserve rich steel act his no their hoops comrade being beware purse man . means but th'opposed man every do not dull unto them This all oft borrower loses dulls then my : Thou Are And For Costly The humbly must borrowing invites , Ophelia blessing I in my you Farewell And it , your tend . remember lock'd key you servants , lord well and memory keep the I have . said Hamlet to , Farewell me told 'Tis Given been 'tis and late . you , daughter and me Give , put bounteous yourself very ; the : me of most caution understand , me late , in your If that be so as you oft free and so — so to time lord my hath ! Pooh ! such know , his do I'll these you , up Do Of his Affection You speak like girl . a true for I ? them call you teach crack — with fool phrase ; think ; are — Which not to thus all given you In hath he , lord Or Running may you'll importun'd , My Giving Even Lends When tongue : woodcocks holy his . these , prodigal blazes extinct a - making , speech vows how . For . of him a is he may , are , Ophelia walk young Hamlet rate higher tether . you a command a Than I Be parley that larger Do Not The would Have I not , to But dye and moment for is , Lord your . bites The obey I . like plain charge Look to . is air It a . an . air eager . twelve . struck is held it spirit the Indeed , mean , It this King The Keeps And The More This to And wake doth Is and of Rhenish ? of triumph he kettle - drum trumpet it a I born And The achievements us From clepe and pith our addition ; tax'd east is , it observance though marrow vicious , wherein they it swinish . reason these , origin in of of cannot choose our attribute perform'd nature are some forts too his of manners livery — as as undergo . fault particular virtues form Being Doth that of defect — grace , men , pure stamp or infinite As general The of a dram substance of ! damn'd blasts or grace defend comes , it of or shape thee ; ignorance ponderous Wherein and again corse in again , dead the , and glimpses moon the our fools of in why inurn'd jaws mean steel , thee up we cerements What marble their royal , Why thee , in ; As if It some to the to hideous , Revisit'st thus night So this with do it we removed my then not you speak do desire action more It No , what soul set my life should , a immortal as follow it pin's flood base of , looks That very sea it brain . still I'll , on And Go shall go , hands . lord beneath me every Be ; the ghost I hardy rul'd Still By makes each me thus not with a He Have am , him obey . this come that him follow I'll to imagination him direct will is after wilt Something Nay Mark , come tormenting is to further what To not I When Pity but I up myself . hearing . hear purg'd and the for Doom'd Are I And art to to in secrets crimes confin'd my prison freeze tale away . days I am night , spirit So a am Make harrow burnt up eyes knotted Like flesh And Thy thy unfold ; stars particular each of Would ears thy If foul But thy most this thy Haste or that strange thy ; with , thoughts thy thy the weed , of the ear fat the than on , in sleeping . the I as Hamlet Denmark the ! soul his crown thou orchard the , the beast - to , with , uncle his ! a — of , my That it to marriage love won and natural , in went virtue in heaven with that queen , mov'd poor vow the that gifts wit to O With witchcraft his seeming virtuous of was what Hamlet will most in But made Upon of off me whose hand mine lewdness , sate And soft With in of in afternoon my orchard bed celestial radiant it shape a on scent stole vial did uncle morning the . custom prey I garbage . of hour ears whose effect pour milk alleys distilment of hebenon thy in within , body of posset it did it man , blood it doth mine : hand , sin sent queen by smooth instant . So dispatch'd . account head bear horrible in for couch Let thou O Unhous'led even , made With the but disappointed , imperfections ! most to . brother's a , my my , be Denmark act contrive ! uneffectual well at . heaven of Adieu 'gins worm mother thy glow sting shows hell me host to Taint not - prick And And O my bear But , All you thou books and trivial . while . memory , up my live seat , thee stiffly thee Remember Remember all of , Denmark a be . word my to are remember smile ; smile smile smile smile Within . have . Now . MARCELLUS you , 'Adieu , It uncle smile is and Lord Hamlet smile lord my . him be Heaven lord ho ho , ho noble my lord , lord you'll No , Good , my , lord reveal my say then . by and grave — you , shall desire business we business fit And Why , needs There's arrant lord are desire and ; every as I but These Look shake for go you , I'll man , so hold offence Saint I'm by ghost , no and , that to too there this is , but good . you here is let honest as As an desire you Give , request poor scholars now vision lord , what offence There's And much Yes O'ermaster't Never What seen We , friends me are your For , and soldiers , I . in but lord , faith not . Upon my the , my , my , sworn have upon Never speak the Swear have lord ? truepenny . our , we'll Swear , again upon my . Beneath of this my Then this Never A ! work remove this mole by shift . heard . more . speak to , more , as therefore There things soe'er perchance I As O pioner more Well said worthy more old more more your stranger , bear think on head - meet myself you , come , more , earth Horatio and in dreamt put such by to such pronouncing , some 'We or ; most — at and speak' , That With 'If So you know you need do . be could 'There out this ; you gentlemen friending go , lips . love a commend So Swear . mercy aught of your : is to me as right . go . your Let O And still your born it cursed to I . you man Hamlet in . and us on lack not shall time ever I was notes my and money . make lord intend , him visit Of him Give , sir keep , Reynaldo inquiry good , do very . him lord ; well and of Reynaldo say he's , well 'not rank him usual none there marry take most and of and please ' mean , your some , you youth wanton ; and , him dishonour may As , forgeries if't be but Ay so sir him Addicted , What 'And in part I , so and you such companions noted liberty lord fencing may , gaming drinking . would in him far as dishonour on so . liberty blood savageness flash The That lord may season incontinency breathe to another you must , so . that my no That general lord , his faults taints of the But A fetch drift of would my on sound , you , know do you , sir , should my believe it slight little converse ever you you ; the in this guilty of or or . assur'd . a my , sullies i' would him the the crimes did ? I phrase lord . so , Having seen in closes to good , sir does about does What 'closes then about or , 'I and . marry , know , day , as in's gentleman tennis' and t'other the ! say , leave ? you , you truth , now perchance o'ertook ; of a takes of , You . bias have — carp My out not , former I and advice . lord b' . yourself in my his my ply him shall Well inclination . what's ? as was , name the I have God chamber sewing , his head , lord Lord , and gyved knocking in stockings , all out me , unbrac'd , doublet been , he with And as hat No My do Mad had not me and his so fear , bulk turn'd me ; arm ? length held the Then And goes he As with his to thus shatter shoulder and piteous draw it so to his their King . late — heaven fordoes ecstasy I you , with This leads given him any . to . I fear'd beshrew he repel hard command move might close . and . our as that . ourselves is thee quoted sorry for we kept being hate sort the did heard , it call man you should himself of that be provoke to . sending we dear Moreover have you and did use Something Welcome glean , put hath it the I nor you his to so so you Some More That To whom To Your expend adheres . If our hope good lies much talk'd you it unknown afflicts you our there living , you command both obey to power remembrance such us . king's Might , Put To by your I too Thanks , My And entreaty feet bent full the . service give lay And here Thanks much And Th'ambassadors Pleasant Heavens , I , Have I Thou hast my my my hold , joyfully from helpful to return'd my King brain so sure found , of to long to fruit admittance that Hamlet's , of be Give of very it O not the to cause As first source . marriage o'erhasty we of , Voltemand first Upon he return fair , our Most To It look'd preparation and the to to appear'd he 'gainst into from good friends ! our greetings levies But which , Highness , brief fine arrests brother desires . suppress Norway ? him Polack ; whereat griev'd found he your truly out never ; which against Receives Makes vow th'assay old as his might it So Whereon levied With him with those against herein to crowns the shown : fee , in against overcome , annual your arms Through your entreaty such As therein dominions please regards of this down , pass . together . to you to Go at nothing tediousness be . to define true to , and , is time time wit that since waste night , madam what duty is madness mad remains all 'tis figure no of cause now foolish art A will . Perpend , art . use true true defect , mine then I swear with less , at pity a is 'beautified' ; shall phrase That's the To For rather — and gather , this cause defective the have , and mark is whilst duty , vile , move will to her awhile from stay madam an love at . best means , machine have liar I most , and by hath As evermore Doubt that But to sun . not art to reckon , this daughter hath , hath , O love my his solicitings show'd me . of honourable hot so do she given time would I prove seen think love this and . me , tell what faithful you think , dumb , and here queen desk ? mistress think is . should she no a , she That must done , took a , the This Which Fell to Into all we not 'Lord ' And been a When this Not know that . otherwise I centre , fall'n thereon , daughter together hours four walks Here time a So I . no me behind he reason farm his love arras then , her not from Mark And be sadly do I board But keep for and Let We a it wretch . away . mercy good God me lord , my would you were . a my - How , lord . is picked man to so Honest world of a good a being . lord , a ? dead in very I as , this , daughter i' th' conceive is lord . my a daughter blessing to't . fishmonger I was a at walk by you gone not And I'll speak in first say me . not How this Between you who , my . men lack my that I sir that most slave Aside you be slave out my of Into slave yet , the o' slave slave . out A so be happiness slave . Aside hits . him my daughter ? my ? of my Fare , I means the that often replies My cannot except the take meeting me except from life , These You Lord God honoured most Rosencrantz friends Good lads How both happy very ; earth the over soles Neither about live you Nor the are we that cap in As the shoe ? lord my or waist her , the world's more hands the , dungeons . prison deserved ? hither true . Let . confines many one your mind . a king could it makes 'tis your none in which there Denmark one , you think ambition so and hold a shadow airy but a . quality , of we beggars bodies th' and shadow's ambition in are infinite , beggars' I . such way to but . are Truly I Shall our shadows will an , thanks in , what I upon reason sort honest in speak to To friends I am wait and GUILDENSTERN . attended servants Elsinore not Come . lord nay halfpenny ; a ; no make man friendship my poor , come my free but at you other occasion , say purpose the what know King and Queen you have for sent your conjure of proposer , better obligation sent , which . me . Come , we , me the you fellowship , enough Nay then , by . of you . you ? for you love whether you . were , hold discovery moult anticipation prevent . my and to and we My wherefore indeed ; frame goodly exercises . late , excellent firmament earth the lord I have an eye mirth golden foul like admirable pestilent brave , I your all disposition my , fire noble express how , moving to a how a my no custom have King the roof a how yet not you no there seem . delights Man your of piece What , a . in quintessence of paragon , form me , animals and thing apprehension was receive hither of He the think lord you plays adventurous the , shall lord , are shall be coming you you , such stuff thoughts . and his , way ; lover have shall them 'Man in my . me' o' shall halt tribute the verse in the and in tragedians peace the , their profit was the they in the his part sere blank ? are . in did not so indeed they followed hold the chances Do , they those Even , I inhibition ? Their residence comes better both I ? the , for't — in comes think it ? Do , same common , little eyases they ; wonted that . These How grow out cry pace the the many . say and come are ? common — no themselves to and the , money no players thither of sir , top them are now dare and they ? they their them much to better against do and nation do writers went to player ; own was brains King Hercules . lord , do they make strange while for fifty not Ay would is ducats him , very hundred has there at mouths that welcome lest appear players like ceremony comply you could and , find 'Sblood philosophy his give twenty , father lived in come You . The . must you . hands I than mother lord a west what - my dear north more - uncle In with from - and there see second the baby time come not is twice , you Guildenstern , you Monday Happily Monday will lord Monday , comes Monday for me of Monday have a , Monday My Buzz Monday , historical on honour . Monday heavy too - pastoral , comical - historical , be and , Jephthah in pastoral actors unlimited O liberty what , had of Seneca the he and loved daughter fair Why he my daughter old ? thou ? no I daughter a follows , lot follows What call me Am Jephthah you The It to by first , uncurrent gold the be like to't not in show , wot God , abridgement comes . to ! most know . where look For well since thee is face see , when you or , acted the pleased and million others excellent much — it , a I was scenes there in one a such general once above caviare well I the cunning a . whose of affectation matter . a more , much very 'Twas a no Dido , If it One method a top phrase thereabout in might , as with no , that mine of nor , play The , It , Black is rugged When , memory Aeneas' of Priam's an the down the indite to sallets were handsome . than Pyrrhus with did . mothers to horridly parching streets , a , fire light night arms — let see me let , line he more total he dread his lay couched in the horse smear'd sons and gore discretion good . you antique arm And like So blood fathers and murders o'ersized carbuncles vile lend with in coagulate , tyrannous a Roasted damned good him finds he lord Repugnant at with Th'unnerved the Priam drives . lies match'd strikes fell sword ; wide , on and blow feel prisoner reverend seem'd . of his th'air tyrant the , to i' For declining Pyrrhus' whiff command Unequal , senseless in , sword and some the thunder below stand stood , crash stick , the and , work fall , fiends from . Priam , vengeance region sets hammers you her strumpet thou Now remorse less With , On on and than In bowl the jig to bawdry beard long . Prithee . heaven he say head robe the upon , lank her had up down ? threat'ning . is for fear of all , o'erteemed treason th'alarm , then — venom up — steep'd , made , sport limbs , at eyes themselves his of milch passion . heaven , pronounc'd have malicious all gods his have Unless things mortal move And the have ; better . every you live them them in the whipping have I use deserve , according their have no the let . and . them Take and after have than epitaph of their . have of . The you hear . your own your . honour have have The . dignity play a Gonzago ? could some speech in't . not leave study my down set for lord . my a insert my ! I am and this player Now . here of my , alone slave own peasant wi' are my look mock that dream in all in what my my Ay a rogue not , Good God , force Could But b' a passion conceit visage aspect wan'd his , he And whole , do , suiting nothing for passion stage with and of indeed amaze and , What motive he and and The mad A Like and A Upon the and , Yet my I my it the does and me it and for my across a , of Make Confound a and faculties was the nose property dreams nothing . Am life unpregnant No and and villain to pigeon gives , made . not breaks lie Who pate i' th' throat be kites gall lungs me blows in ? it all Oh treacherous slave's this Remorseless am , As I - bitter Bloody I my 'Swounds To That fall to Prompted Must like About cunning soul that , players father I'll a , and heart very heard drab murder'd ! my like by heaven a upon't at have it like . the my Before For And A That scullion brain ! have of the sitting Fie ! to the If I'll . The , yea , spirit melancholy , hath the devil me grounds looks his and have my and and tongue my perhaps thing of murder observe . May I be than catch damn my weakness spirits . of this lunacy all you no And dangerous days so why confess cause find with we But When would he feels no himself He But Nor he him do much forcing you him gentleman a question Most a him him on true him confession him him , his but his our in him reply . joy of kind have They in way out certain we already him see This And To And - the think I did on it Madam it so there all drive Good gentlemen him his To And he we my doth . these to my . edge , espials seeing or . suffers for That And Of thus of behav'd unseen encounter by their beauties to To you , so be Ophelia , so please you this . Read this in colour , book with devotion's may it Gracious may blame we too ourselves oft we o'er to We — Your We will 'Tis action we , show much of exercise . How smart we not is deed ugly . devil do . give we The that conscience art that we my ! we word helps painted . my we or him to my withdraw Let's heavy hear and arms a against in be them by ; opposing to The Whether ! to mind that by more take slings not nobler to , 'tis - to perchance Must in For That would Devoutly That ache end To shuffled calamity the , dispriz'd The insolence The of oppressor's The of , proud the contumely . the mortal may respect , life , takes , the of us give and the wrong scorns Who sweat and the makes Thus a bare returns make Is Than And With And conscience to rather , country To that No grunt traveller us dread bodkin ? a something under death puzzles ills after the from know of thought ? sins lord honour your Soft moment not of you a . thy cast pith of o'er this name Ophelia humbly I , re now my for - them . of . well sweet rich more honour'd And made Take the with I I , to No gave right to ; know aught I not them things gifts ha Are poor givers lord honest . when for for My Ha for for should discourse for with commerce better lordship ? for , fair your , now . once beauty old gives our inoculate , transform you will love , lord relish for . the virtue more , shall . you not cannot , so believe I . believed I nunnery it , revengeful that to in , offences had imagination What them better but mother , such all , borne me them crawling believe to . Where's arrant my thoughts them are give play fool the earth have to to ways but thy nowhere Farewell he , for dowry escape . thou shalt plague should thou , men as thee sweet that my father thy not marry of . given needs you . hath make you one you I you already a , another paintings more it are are keep shall marriages no nickname make and , will . shall no and heard O yourselves too creatures Those I'll to Go face of more the rest of , fair eye here nunnery all . amble To , but say married lisp what soldier's of all glass Th'observ'd unmatch'd sweet the T'have And seen have ecstasy form of music , mind of scholar's is o'erthrown ! sword , state , tongue , form wretched , youth , tend , determination : danger the hatch , brood on doubt his though quick our he of demand madness , His and of his ? do need from The of his This Will set With For down it Haply if Let commencement plac'd , neglected . fit her alone with him heart him believe commencement ? commencement , I you commencement . think shall best ; If she go commencement unwatch'd him commencement . it let so . commencement confine or the entreat be him the you all round , where to saw you must too very me offends it fellow for not of Nor gently pated of do your it torrent to to the I trippingly had shows , passion , in ; the do , who Termagant tear , rags very most and , may give it - ears . O for avoid it groundlings passion you Pray your such smoothness of inexplicable o'erdoing . not whose the mirror up nature the at special and , her . nature 'twere as to is a warrant but the playing of the one , this , have , own of for to very make cannot the the age hold I overdone both ; own action hold end this your with hold the modesty Now image . hold be there which hold , and the pressure scorn hold so men gait hold and , Nature's they have I have it is more O laugh have well , heard theatre though time the of Christian reform have , though to considered have themselves altogether down the . that That's to be have set in than hope have thought we some , them reform'd , too . haste , this now Will the meantime set , and necessary question of the play ambition of lord uses it King too make them lord ! service Horatio conversation a just . withal cop'd . man ; thee from flatter , spirits good Dost of mistress distinguish all . And co nothing mingled that for she a thanks Fortune's equal judgement could my , man that stop is slave , thee . and Fortune's blessed me I my the will much of rewards choice thou of election those heart suffers that thou hast been , Give well For . Whose Hast That blood That they what not sound core heart's , ay too heart him this the death , King act of a comment unkennel ghost imaginations . his this whilst censure we Give rivet our seeming ; foot . thy occulted have note ; join face his , detecting Well I In aught steal mine Vulcan's As after the the Get Rosencrantz and must I a Enter , others Queen King dish cannot you : this chameleon's Hamlet , be you faith play place pay : these th'university . cousin say you , the our words capons good actor ? kill'd was you was Polonius answer My lord ? What me killed Brutus . Be accounted you Capitol capital . me metal Hamlet , more by sit your ? so players lord my , brute . I . mark lie ? I fair That's What You are I , but father my merry ? be within's , black , two the twice your Nay hope there's sables long , you , then a , my , let ! heavens devil , then ; outlive is his - hobby kneels King , lady , Enter a , with some , kisses lament to takes , The seeming woos Queen Poisoner with body the , crown declines the with a horse horse is forgot the lovingly neck asleep three pours leaves show upon it finds loth love seems and comes . it ; this Belike imports lord miching , dead , Mutes , King The . they'll the play mischief ? meant show of . not not , Will they Marry We Is For you'll that shame You thirty Neptune's And the Full times Phoebus' Tellus' moons , twelve ere so sick done moon thirties and wash woman's love borrow'd have times world thirty dozen hath That I For Discomfort as In women's neither , hath love or quantity . fear you extremity proof , and lord , bands love though it my doubts love great , great what And But So , woe you my aught leave powers For Where is this haply one as functions love fear is great are too in me who husband needs be second Wormwood that . The live operant My , O let second In base None wed Aside but memory sticks , poor be forget mellow now but love , move you on , we oft , determine , husband speak . the is propose , accident slender or purpose we 'tis fruit Most to what they but unripe unshaken But Of like is we but birth when , What world poor or on grief with either joy . fortune his , This passion Grief even The The doth lack enemy friend enemies favourite begun , I so second no their still him want in who And are when ours wilt , and Directly seasons hollow mark makes a end fates devices ends do to advanc'd That lock give thou think But thoughts not But Meet anchor's my Each An what I cheer thy food my nor hope be I , night . light , my here would . break and my day dull tedious fain . my my beguile twain And my how ? sworn If deeply My 'Tis grow The never . I between . no there her methinks , come mischance , The but What how Gonzago have souls jade that our , is 'tis we gall'd This majesty Lucianus : his image world o' Baptista : Let puppets the . touches are knavish withers nephew , and my if dallying to worse , damnable for you Still , raven murderer bellow thy Pox . agreeing revenge ; collected immediately and natural magic thrice , seeing time infected weeds creature , midnight , usurp some me , light o'er my King The , fares with false fire play razed the if roses feathers . hart fortunes , get Turk sir ? rest of . a two away players here reigns my , sleep Provincial , dismantled now Half Horatio Of This realm I , very , himself dost A whole one , Jove know — very , A , lord well . pound ? thousand . rhymed have my the note king , it . Didst well well some Come then Good Why , Ah well if I very like music poisoning talk the well , vouchsafe King , sir me not well The Sir well him . well the choler ? distempered sir more rather more far to itself him . so start me not sent , of , I shall return me answer the affliction great most in , this make , answer . What Sir not , but you more . to thus can a make Therefore if to pardon and no , your command this stonish so matter , shall wholesome lord ? matter , you answer say matter amazement , as But , sir , such , sequel matter go to — matter no and matter But you . bar and our times were speak heels of closet Have ? admiration you did with trade , cause you your do once My door my Good that but the lack me love surely friend King To — grass one withdraw would love drive , while deny of distemper ? advancement if Sir How I do the , sir be can Denmark the this upon . I you , cannot O of . is you no Believe I touch . cannot bold I lying these will . discourse . my , are the , it of any . cannot ventages . beseech do I me finger most and music how me music . will I in , from stops lowest instrument upon a you and cannot be you compass , to yet , you make sound there can would Queen bless . almost , cannot me ? me a it than much to you now , you note voice my is ; My you , Methinks indeed , camel to . whale like by will will is by By 'Tis When Contagion to quake Would and it safe nor madness not To like them tongue To give . Majesty is bound of the doth as of of religious The Out us he And religious religious will and To holy We keep religious religious all keep That To lives not religious With strength whose ; alone of of For Which too , of small and spokes with a general alone lesser a It of it gulf mount of it highest draw doth is . with it near To Are of Did of , but , Never this upon to speedy of , myself haste ; voyage fear haste . GUILDENSTERN haste to his haste ROSENCRANTZ . the process going haste o'erhear my bed know convey haste closet him home mother haste , well go smells not as sharp Pray heaven liege to . you , Fare And A my , And To there itself if to defeats as , first business double my ! be like in wash Were And Of crown did and th'offence . world ? queen murder heavens offence fall possess'd murder currents seen . above teeth , and forehead nature give To In true evidence repentance what Yet Buys And gilded ambition since I itself my , so not wicked hand his oft In There Offence's shuffling Help ; steel . born strings Make repent ! free with new well he do't I the . of be as angels : that the heaven praying he , reveng'd it the am his took , villain do sinews engag'd , Bow the Be the I . do and , bread flush same send revenge the heaven May ? full , blown son my hire And hire And To hire his our him hire And and , stands in take To , A hire hire hire is who then reveng'd ? mother at and hire , rage , horrid of a in his passage for the and and drunk th'incestuous swearing may soul but The fly , be King thoughts advances rises thoughts . below remain heaven prolongs never without up words My This physic thy My . as it , As whereto his Pray and lay and with screen'd you . and Words And Look . him coming ? what's warrant Now Hamlet Mother , I you go come Withdraw I'll , answer how , question ? wicked Have the your those set , were You the would Nay Come rood you me ? husband's matter rood rood rood , it No are You rood sit till You . rood ! murder of you down not you wilt Help help Thou see What . come and may do up shall . not budge . glass a set the , What ! Is hast I O me . I Nay what O , a and Almost not King , for To And let me wringing to rash A I find'st thee , be . deed . rash a , took thou braz'd penetrable stuff rash so rude so noise rash What have damned bulwark hands wretched be too rash better rash If If rash a fair hypocrite Such blurs In That rash of it it is I and custom wring of takes act and grace As And From false As With A from of thought visage so upon Hyperion's See threaten of two picture seated , front to the herald and and on himself this his lighted Mars the . man now you Look . god your on on batten Could An The Where every station heaven a was - a of a hill , form kissing indeed to eyes seal Mercury ear : like ! for tame : blood ? moor call cannot you hey waits day step apoplex'd - Would Else Here wholesome Ha leave a what , is Blasting his fair the this not it Nor Could . a but Ears That in such a ecstacy madness would not err , humble was't have , thy Proclaim fire own flaming thou melt the frost mutine youth Rebellious canst her reason gives actively in hell part feeling where matron's as no a And compulsive ardour When And O see I will turn'st Hamlet such burn ? doth be . virtue . speak not there the will . spots grained and but rank In Thou of , the murderer more , in villain enter nasty black leave in to , Hamlet a and is of shelf A No O speak it in and the ! and shreds A You And A your Of the . A precious would What not and tardy by gracious , go command ! guards me whet O say dread son , your in Alas your to chide blunted , amazement between weakest her This . fighting on bodies you bend the you Conceit O Is but to , step But That with soldiers in hold vacancy gentle in . Whereon cool Upon Your bedded hairs , incorporal your like life spirits air is Alas And And Sprinkle , do O thy alarm , look you flame and His , and stern effects To this . you blood you all that there this do whom want Will ; piteous Then perchance tears ; nothing all yet see nothing but look very the Is yours healthful as This My My father not your but will That Lay from that trespass , film , this place grace . test time temperately - for ulcerous , my flattering . utter'd and what is heart in him beg my weeds , soul your , come , corruption . ranker . the , past not Repent To And make hast thou purer But live curb For Yea That the evil to all . more of . lend on Refrain or actions a The tonight good this yet a change wondrous either use next almost To gives use put that That And beg of this throw of the desirous you the good pleas'd , eat easiness is likewise To again bles'd , out nature lord so it , same For . him gave will this this will remains do , be good : good answer behind , do bed ? bid his again that worse only him bestow I bad But craft essentially with his madness out in damn'd reechy to you sober gib , so wise , all from ? Who a sense , dear a that's Let the To the concernings but in to I you That Would Such your I , know life have to me to . famous top , ape : trust they forgot England 'Tis Alack . me seal'd to . yard O 'tis most sweet , the his marshal I will delve moon two set directly secret Indeed me prating , and . still draw toward . with . the meet . knave grave counsellor end you hard . most mines below room a guts man , in a while what have lord I ? we sighs your Where 'tis on These son Gertrude sea , seen contend both when . stir wind mightier the Which is the my , Ah Mad these fit . heaves profound understand , us is little something and cries heavy The been His It And unseen good apprehension hearing 'A his , old In , kills ' , haunt of ? fit , so what life of owner young kept this , deed . understand the not short restrain'd of , to , full , bloody But of divulging of very madness hath kill'd like was of most was of . how you To Alas of It , providence out gone , what touch ! he you madness dragg'd some excuse ship sun And We pure Among Shows But with closet speak mother's fair , further this done the come ! mountains and , Ho hath , the go I up and slain aid . body : the him , hath Polonius you haste Guildenstern with in we what call pray Gertrude As And hit My full of air , both we'll the . level And the Safely o'er the mean diameter his to them the know untimely whisper the ROSENCRANTZ calls noise the ? Who you Within the What Tell And 'tis whereto , us done it , O ? the take . the to Compounded dust where of I what you soaks up the King King's a best you what needs in , and corner the sponge the for counsel — that them Ay , like . authorities ; But sir ape : when countenance have he am , body you is must King , but where us A . to sent it seek How have is we put the strong this goes on their eyes is , multitude law man find . that and him to their not not the This Deliberate How But bestow'd body ? But my lord my my in before get at not befall'n , Bring guarded Guildenstern dead We , Hamlet where's supper , where is he certain . eaten . to is us Your A ourselves , Where At Now politic fat may with and , for for ? him at table . variable That's the is to . worms e'en else lean one of dost . all We man Nothing to show . fat . you th'other yourself . may that worm fish king go there . come you seek progress find up will this In within To some as must thine the not there not him find the at is . and quickness . we till Attendants this , stay especial grieve . tender Which that we thou Hamlet cherub that a Good for purposes . speed aboard ; one haste at hold'st thou love mother thee mother — sense aught cicatrice thy the mother And That else at mother foot Follow mother great if , sword Danish letters mother death sovereign Our to of hectic Till . my haps Howe'er shall express him let his Craves Tell We I will Majesty know my , do't whose are these ? sir . Norway of Poland , of ? you ? sir , farm the the , I no gain go to to it it , yield will A Why , Yes the then will but profit in b' you I of dies man the That Will not thousand Why This inward th'imposthume much shows me a of market . lord , my a before Go all before fust To Sure Be but us capability made Looking he to sleep my I'll and after , godlike Now on precisely , oblivion Bestial And How please you go , do and feed and thinking And ever yet That parts , Sith gross this tender , part wisdom know me , mass such Makes will eggshell and divine with , spirit To Even will Witness by Exposing will not When Led army , and do I — say and . cause will Why and invisible ambition delicate will quarrel in to prince be straw then , will dare danger , unsure mortal is , great Rightly and event an honour's to their the thoughts My Go To That mood Her Whereon What I Which will of th' enviously but of , straws at world She much sense ; they doth move thoughts be gestures aim is in beats she . She speaks unshaped , nothing winks words collection use . father says and own might breeding , with in conjectures Dangerous To So sick Each soul prologue spoken sure Though Indeed as The And botch 'Twere were think there nods to is great nature in true yet , for be some to come Let ill toy seems jealousy How , is He dead . pray sandal one true . staff , turf heels Ophelia , Pray is lady He dead his what head his imports gone Nay ! my , At here you Which the do How They say with to White true what you father . Valentine's this at . God , table be a upon Conceit we ! know but be you , you her may betime his . window , And All is Saint morning your maid door your a I To be chamber Valentine a bed . my hath to me you to yonder . But ? wed , done long How thou not they , will Alack Gis Saint brother My good shall night . my you ; of night I . it Gertrude , pray , counsel . thus for him lay would well We thank good so be father's . not deep poison give you th' , her in the come death close good watch ; from , When Next good For Thick Without brother buzzers , much as and wants And , we secret keeps father's his wonder is are and we him fair mere these beasts . infect person to this , France ear death clouds Gertrude , places dear my the guard door . list more , my the , to Like Where are They , your The 'Laertes 'Choose Antiquity as And world The overpeering with riotous impetuous head him known be it Laertes cry dogs doors are . without in . you on O this ? king No , give me , bastard unsmirched my that's mother the my the Keep . Give you Even true calm , chaste a him man . little That him thy thou art Acts him not How To I come throughly worlds you father my stay I this I'll . reveng'd . all , fill demand his juggled profoundest . husband I'll shall for , dare And Of dear , That sweepstake your , father's you If They Good to will know ? rendering Will None you them enemies ? both friend your I'll ; blood speak wide thus them , Why Repast And Like a Within now ! of virtue and sense dry maid scale , heat heaven out day How O O heavens be fine sends bore Should in thing loves instance young sweet Ophelia man's where of . it and many , move him a - down — revenge that thus persuade dove . ' . his steward didst the - a 'Down , down wheel There's There's for with they wither'd rue , for fennel A , may you and call and to Robin will thy he he favour And , will No death , come not to never was flaxen beard He And Christian mercy must me wisest apart , will , but Go collateral right deny I whom and and will hand not , that or your they And you Laertes judge Our judge , us by hear judge commune . life touch'd direct in judge to give shall we this judge content your soul . to if with judge lend but patience your jointly content it labour call't in . great axe question to obscure so nor nor as formal heaven , fall — letters in . from you Let shall , sir th'ambassador Horatio be Let Lord of part not . Hamlet God please I thou . a too grapple of sail , we . warlike for know let There's , thee . sir name your if ; this on appointment him On prisoner they , sent I them But much ear thine of matter . These dumb wouldst yet ; death they thee . have to : too have gave overlooked letters have shalt when old . days Finding and our me to turn thieves ship ourselves I make as they alone boarded of very I have much . I am ; are what thou thee thine knowest Guildenstern the Let King speak for of do't And am . them the bore in , that have the brought you you And you That have heard , and your conscience me hath your . tell . feats Sith must must As So so , mainly two for stirr'd perhaps seem up things my in nature else mother by to safety yet or looks ; and my be wisdom , his almost may , crimeful well Pursu'd wisdom by Why But appears wisdom you your plague by count . strong they wisdom dipping but the , you wisdom conjunctive She's virtue Lives Which wisdom I O her That Convert his to timber'd And Would her to , her Would the her could gyves so turneth gender not her love her Who slightly reverted where not A And I your pastime let sleeps But mount a if driven have not That And Whose worth , my of go shook so . perfections You be our father to From Hamlet ; to not them I ; Who from imagine danger , more ourself you brought Hamlet . them hear . them . receiv'd on . naked I my I your kingly . us shall to , return the recount am your of occasions ? you I shall Reads Or should is thereunto pardon leave and . 'High , sudden and first this postscript Can , in to my , heart ' But , live shall he some abuse and , 'Tis a you Know you Hamlet's my As it should how 'Thus diest thou Laertes How ; to peace he be a , return'd now ? otherwise teeth ? sickness by him so If it be rul'd If not checking now no mother And it work rul'd be it even for To And which death could you I That , it it be accident not shall call I it devise organ right falls of say in it it The rather You Wherein not together that you youth ? so . careless riband What Did Yet too age health myself they witchcraft can , on . in't such brave beast been well a and and serv'd of Two his that it of livery sables He the he And With And seen Importing Had wondrous in I well He And know made all the you of the Lamord ? indeed . is He . of And For motion , in such your for and art one swore sudden Hamlet oppos'd so . them nothing do with could he out of your the without heart ? this time passages love proof , father of by of very that a snuff and I not did , changes this . growing in love know qualifies lives or will , still of abate many do 'would' ; sigh , church ? close . Hamlet Will Revenge No wager generous unbated Will Most peruse , double have bounds know shall varnish ; all free . a and foils heads you shuffling sword A Frenchman And shuffling I for shuffling Under With shuffling This the So shuffling but mortal shuffling that bought , but blood can , may It further convenience think of and fail . see means him , let , through both . look back assay'd better a in calls your for he As ! make this did ha't I And they fast One So woe Your ? shows There That Unto And mermaid be , tunes old her But . a incapable of garments wretch death drown'd Alas Pull'd that that element To then her she is woman have Let Let's to do , calm . Ophelia my , Adieu douts that When are But holds it . these poor nature I water thou will be that follow this But this let's fire The shame say what therefore will It start wilfully seeks her again it . The burial straight crowner Christian her make can it it , offendendo drown to , Why , unless that on therefore grave . finds . three act : here an and For drown guilty to , will and him his death ; man he he of is not life this crowner's , water this mark man me , marry Ay , But shortens is his Argal and you Will Why go to If ? on't truth that . he quest gentlewoman . burial ? law . their than she a been this And spade makers a grave he first the Was drown up no more ? arms none confess purpose put not the Scripture without thou , Why heathen , What What thou Could he He Scripture art to . thee . How dig . to to But . well thousand , the , shipwright mason the the faith , and shipwright church . to ; that or , can I . tell , Ay stronger do Mass To't Marry me that a gallows builds Cudgel mason ass . liquor thee say , a stoup of ; did dull are . cannot his 'a next not are mend , get are will asked are you it for this question that are , of feeling methought , this Custom so are e'en are In contract Has To made him little employment his into shipp'd me his could and murder to ground th' - This Hath I age with claw'd if ! o'er it skull had a hath 'twere might to 'Good horse This be which ' tongue as be might , in Cain's of . morrow Or good so Ay , my . bones my with at see't when my , could fine chapless an , beg one , lord he lord - and - for . on't made ; to is , skull be , such . another O A to mazard . loggets For a suffer shovel a with There's For his of , recoveries . dirty Hum that Why his rude not tell knock him and dirt must and ; jot have in this . himself more his his more no , Is pate fine of pair recognizances fine ? The ? my - calf skins too ? very ones too - will . for thou ? is indeed a on't part be in't and not , and , 'Tis . the mine for , therefore is therefore say not yours thine think , to for lie quick not , say dost say in't no man then . say thou man For What , say say was the . the is ; woman a knave of heel days i' been , grave his these kibe that our that very England day into into sent . How — day if or the men say they ? are he as strangely ground Faith strangely ? strangely , he strangely rot ? boy some . strangely year you have strangely strangely will keep your of year rotten . a not or Here's hide And . whoreson A , a dead pestilence once . Alas , the of Takes fellow back infinite . sir mad a My how flashes lady's , let her that , at thousand my of oft must , me Make that your gibes now in Prithee , jest Let borne it his a gorge a me . see , imagination not rises merriment mock . Alexander ? Pah so this o' smelt . imagination may trace ! it . Why . so th'earth i' so , of ; him to ; jot it lead a to dust But too make , buried faith 'Twere not , of uses E'en till - bung might Alexander earth they . King flaw Here the clay was he barrel kept the winter's the t'expel hole a soft ! Imperious Alexander loam O Mourners And , is they desperate with hand ? Trains . follow King , Queen wind ? earth not aside to ; such courtiers they did aside mark c aside aside aside aside youth else very and 'Twas Couch Laertes a else order , prayers lodg'd , have be charitable For o'ersways unsanctified death warranties command ground great . pebbles is and more done be and the such souls priest tell her her I . liest my be , parted - peace to requiem thou the fair Ophelia Sweets to howling shall churlish . Hamlet's cursed sense . wife , deck'd a in while head head skyish dead and made , most the more caught To such Bears Grappling take not devil him wonder wand'ring Hamlet emphasis ? hearers wounded take well . soul my from thy not in prithee . fingers me . be , Good Which let ; all no my ! All Gentlemen eyelids fight with this . my Could Make O 'Swounds woul't not , God lov'd with up God he do't me . Be ? God For , God buried quick God To with with drink God fight up And Ossa When himself the silence will sit will madness work fit the , Nay on an , mere the ? speech will and . that , reason do , you ; sir it is may his he dog what our in wait last watch living him . son shall proceeding we our Now all . patience in Good So That prais'd Sir , in You the would for Rough there , Methought let me see the circumstance lord ! kind bilboes was me in it our is - There's When And our from me gown their room again in , in making had will we certain most us know teach should us shapes my . pall divinity hew cabin , dark , my Denmark's commission mine many health bugs such Their My packet - my Finger'd grand with my supervise of leisure head several to Horatio , unseal so fine my withdrew my , where an exact the . Is't my own to find out and manners I , found and , No Here's the should struck of in grinding be , hear thou commission beseech you I possible stay I ? That ho and . the on wilt Being I A baseness to me How forget effect yeoman's that The King , palm flourish . from England them a such And I once He Not - more or less the bearers further 'tween tributary wear charge great of , ordinant allow'd to time Subscrib'd : I had Why Which in model Thou - gave't known , Now and and the writ our So sea Why Does not their dangerous grow ; love to . day , seal . their points ! Between 'Tis nature what between is stand and whor'd hopes now mother my perfect come from there nature to , life me not to Horatio than The . short What the be man's But For portraiture bravery . very to by be Laertes the am of more issue I The a That state lordship is , beast 'tis a 'tis chough leisure Majesty should a his bonnet , say . him , as dirt of his ; diligence , use thank I lordship were you from 'tis with I my great I you Sir me , sultry , indeed . tell you the — this that cannot has here of , gentleman Sir faith absolute great , Indeed gentleman , semblable his , would full card an , soft he suffers inventorially take lordship else , his be I verity infusion the yet to , in . rawer sir our more do't are words golden this spent . not — would him with himself in to ? dagger well . unfellowed but What's his him take fancy , six . very , But . weapons assigns , carriages What must you knew it French would more be edified carriages : this carriages against you , sir King shall not , hath come it conceited The phrase Barbary sides . would I might six is to three that hath if answer I if How hits , the the If be the ? will . the Majesty him , in brought for , gentleman is hits nature lordship ; sir He This comply the with bevy that I ; which tune did of collection opinions the his same of , lord and you to that my constant mine ready purposes Queen . is now The The am I fitness now speaks King and In now to now , before desires now now do . shall I You not practice so Since will think about at win Nay ; odds France my your , If ; man has not , but foolery it . fit . forestall leave ; you have and , will ; it be the to The fall come . heard needs and was Never . himself be ta'en away exception . from me honour , nature am , must here done gentleman wrong Hamlet If And Then your from hurt am Hamlet His Free That motive To my Whose revenge I and in most me love time , frankly freely wrong precedent till , some have keep offer'd offer'd stand aloof offer'd masters my I To offer'd I for me wager will your receive do I offer'd offer'd offer'd fiery a , off indeed sir this , Cousin Osric by weaker o' lord me see . foils have all a , lord good , of give , This If , Set me the quit all in than the Hamlet Or Let , The Richer crown And In , The let kettle which that the trumpet to The King the 'Now the judges a eye begin . earth lord you Come . ' , Come . One . a hit , hit very A to Hamlet very very . Here's thy drink Judgement . very is very thine by very , him Give set first say you . thy . fortune , pardon . drink not Gertrude my ; it . late and . hit I'll do not pray lord poison'd I Aside . And you pray the third I Come for yet dare I Come , almost not lord Nothing way wounds Laertes Part you Hamlet Hamlet come the you How you you and lord you treachery you ? Osric . Hamlet ! the to does the them mine , a , no Treachery Why , drink O am art good slain : life practice foul and on The rise itself me . to no I Never is the . Hamlet , do half , The . Seek Let ! Ho Hath In , the King's . I poison'd treason LORDS is in can world in medicine again not King , OSRIC incestuous , friends and thou , Drink O defend potion my thy union not , Hamlet by serv'd It Exchange and justly is He off is my dead make I but but , fell sergeant tremble with temper'd , come of audience at am dead — you , aright tell this I cause , To unsatisfied could this I my Roman the let But liv'st be — Horatio , as — or and pale Horatio time strict Had I That in are am You that look it , Things am an As , hold this world from Let th'art wounded name antique Never report me and yet some ; shall in pain . me I'll , come this my heart , my thy , my . story from . my gives Poland crows the my from , my voice my , less has drum thee come . But poison , I to has Fortinbras him The On tell occurrents dying news prophesy the The has rest my is and th'election has silence . has thy , has or Where ? toward is aught of What it . hither you feast That affairs The And What is If it ears are senseless that commandment Guildenstern have from You That Had To give placed unknowing view world , acts and , by here High And on Let And call us deliver . hear my audience , All to noblest heads you , hear , mistook this it sorrow Fall'n I Which now me , For his I from And For Bear bodies , field Speak music for four Let On Hamlet Becomes the he have Take bodies loudly here shows much . of ordnance as Such but the bearing one owns permission set apply and , United by paying the protect you forth to works you electronic used be and the , be may works ANYTHING do by S . Gutenberg easy protect of practically To or by by . by distribution by by work terms If . Project terms by electronic a for you obtain agree It in a your a . E the bound . person few only people paragraph refund agreement do with . See . below Literary in the Project terms this things access the follow . Archive United the do we law individual collection of future you See Gutenberg copyright all in , Project of associated Project are electronic name its of the with in format . Project same in what distributing you check a agreement laws other the constant Gutenberg comply copyright do your this with The . E E creating Gutenberg The . access is eBook other . You of the use the performed , License included gutenberg or in with re use the or is appears Gutenberg or distributed , most which States and laws If electronic online the . is does copyright U are an protected by away - eBook of . it under in restrictions , the to check not or . and through you phrase to law work If you the distributed charges with work . that . the copied posted is be any paragraphs the the Project for in E , Project comply Gutenberg . the use work Project works Gutenberg Project redistribute of found for any Project E E Project posted this . Project Project . without , binary . and terms Gutenberg distribute Project containing the full Project holder a or part this this work Gutenberg proprietary if used format and to hypertext Vanilla or to . electronic , or immediate or the access distribute of E any or , other copy display work processing gutenberg copy . at , or paragraph alternate Any specified access format in its E viewing Project as form request . for fee upon License with means in , copy other charge or any or to copying charge a for electronic or works method from E . derive . fee . You fee the of to access . Project : that the . applicable Archive your Gutenberg of within Gutenberg you the use following marked Foundation Literary the owner to Archive about at to such and address donations the user a specified in days already use should full of mail terms such to require by refund - the and that Project on to tax you to paragraph this under Foundation date . which as your each periodic clearly , e Literary writing be or not you You must the accordance is with all of to charge works agreement , of copy to . paragraph of discontinue or Project of receipt medium physical full days within paragraph in other return Gutenberg to a to works a electronic You . If this paragraph Project the Project Section Contact must below paragraph on fee of . you reported wish work paragraph , of terms you in Gutenberg paragraph are from identify . Literary you distribution comply other Gutenberg Gutenberg . E . electronic trademark volunteers . Despite on not errors computer damage or that codes , DAMAGES DISCLAIMER virus a medium , collection U copyright and in may incomplete and considerable Project inaccurate for the a any in - legal , FOR Project STRICT including the , Except all Project damaged disclaim electronic work RIGHT the any days If you you for it sending discover , it work must written work explanation . fees to you for . LIMITED REPLACEMENT OF money a may you work received medium person physical on refund of to your a received with entity opportunity . this Except F work . for . If . work the it providing is also to provide a lieu may right a refund Some the exclusion warranties . agreement the limited , demand to of implied IS' this , the , this types disclaimers or , in works the and agreement indemnify Gutenberg and provisions of any all Gutenberg expenses Project electronic employee volunteers or Foundation and Foundation the agreement not hold shall or agree remaining applicable make to Project associated the and from or work any about Mission . distribution from costs , modification indirectly occur directly arise is to Project with distribution Gutenberg . new of a or b any including obsolete the efforts of walks they and Project goals support critical the ensuring of hundreds all free work to cause Gutenberg or Project you , come It variety and of life of to computers of . donations volunteers financial learn for from remain freely and . To Archive permanent Gutenberg generations and tax Foundation how tax Literary organized Foundation the about tax corporation Archive . tax is Foundation U Montclair to Section tax page and of - domain readable distributed tax and contact NJ The Project The charities . many all in do and We of received the visit www . of status the met accepting determine effort with While against unsolicited not solicitation donations requirements not we or and do written donations are solicit confirmation gutenberg paperwork from with are . States International any have outside ways United donations statements check Please General Project with concept of unless addresses , visit Information . and accepted in a credit Gutenberg originator Project Hart Gutenberg shared Section Professor Gutenberg Project all how make Project . main to , PG particular . protected from paper search and eBooks Gutenberg Gutenberg to subscribe to Archive including Foundation This our how to