there . answer Barnardo Stand Stand Stand Stand For You come struck this Stand Not mouse Stand ? make , bitter to 'Tis . sick thanks am relief And I Have If rivals my think The . them Who . And Friends . Welcome of him A Say , Touching With us He may That , Tush And us made his burns course The beating Marcellus myself of pole . again — and the heaven , that's the King ? with me it usurp'st that the ? warlike this time night . wonder By heaven of stalks I speak ! charge not . more You ! something my God the , on't ? eyes avouch . believe fantasy and answer this true King ? he an in had on ice . hour not task ; war brazen the , with inform can I can goes so . sweaty the me labourer from of lands , Norway Fortinbras our world a heraldry all , to seal'd compact conqueror competent moiety , who our Fortinbras which most by but even Was Did Which For Had fell to carriage To in skirts of been And unimproved Hamlet gaged Against the our by of as Fortinbras hot , of lawless is our strong foresaid , chief , head land rummage , lost this father of it sort no our And this I Is source this For food stomach doth it As That hath of in't to But And his Of The the be is to trouble the these figure sheeted streets of , dead , mind's the empire fierce fates blood Roman the Julius of , star of to harbingers the like ; sun influence and , blast , to be ! again voice , illusion , of use . to and me thing . be to , Or If thou there Lo where me ! thou If may speak speak That to ! womb if Do speak it speak speak not speak here 'Tis if will stand I it at strike being Shall We it wrong For And our 'Tis do To about to speak I and the . to have guilty the the blows as it , so . air or , spirit the probation cock season of . the celebrated night , no , nor so to charm . strike , crowing that comes . it advice part clad hill . I we upon my him our him conveniently nature kingdom death befitted whole us brother's it ; warlike now remembrance think of joy dropping dirge and sister wisest with our Th'imperial as one in scale , 'twere , a in young our of supposal our late by you For all be , follows affair of death , frame , lands advantage brother's out of disjoint this with a to Taken With better to equal wife wisdoms along that weak this Holding state Our hath He , and these the CORNELIUS and dilated you this , all will VOLTEMAND allow than . power Norway Voltemand the . let Farewell You You In of my Dread instrumental offer What your That Than leave though to return Denmark , came duty done France ? And My is to Laertes to have favour and From thoughts Have bow my Yet now thy fair beseech his lord petition from your bend What me my Polonius at and leave you seal'd give hour A is , I hang and and to clouds nighted . Denmark on look cast the kin than cousin graces do I , more lord am that . Aside Not it thy like eye ever thy , all is thy a , the in father with friend dust must . 'Tis Nor , nor me actions the they are denote No , not ; it cloak of , Nay alone customary windy But 'Tis To sweet These For But obstinate obligation lost your sorrow father suits survivor term the and some to a is 'Tis most . condolement a shows A what any the know simple will understanding unfortified a thing peevish , opposition sense heaven as , is , and a a , most against to Why the dead absurd till ' woe most no dearest retrograde most toward back to school you we in I that going In And It Than And the father Do is chiefest stay thee my with lose and , ourself , Why as smiling gentle No cannon to jocund Be Sits and flesh Come . whereof Hamlet . reply come tell ! shall bruit shall clouds drinks today melt not two ! to and it That ; the , slaughter the self it two So to would and winds my of on Heaven hang grown and increase ? might a Hyperion That her excellent satyr the , fie Oh ! to dead — nay so ! heaven , earth ! reason uncle father , eyes my with like a her speed my . good sheets I not break tongue lordship well : hold ! myself same And your , I'll change my good ? to poor servant ever . you see do , friend with name you Wittenberg lord sir , lord make disposition good — Good so ? that you even that enemy , good . you Marcellus to in faith . my of your own violence , depart truant no are say . you father's funeral . student . upon heaven . bak'd that forth Horatio my see - see see it , lord , furnish had I had ever I ? see hard funeral the dearest foe marriage The ! see mother's , seen my I see In saw was I see I My Would eye Or eye eye king all ! your eye ? Who man ; once eye he not , With eye for a may deliver hear love you watch middle of their on , these A the . at and stately point oppress'd and them cap , walk'd , eyes he distill'd , like the gentlemen - with me father thrice : surprised act to not fear - they . him ; length whilst secrecy they thing apparition Stand And I with In none none I do live , duty none . speak and speak to : once did , haste none ? none none cock sight honour'd you Indeed none Both , the think let To lord My ? wore his . say my toe not yes And very frowningly than ? sorrow , What Pale , eyes ? would I fix'd While , with Very one like very like there you Stay'd hundred tell it . longer . life I His was I Perchance it will sable again ; 'twill , assume you father's hell I this hap , but tonight ye . come night soul , loves I'll to to you : is are sit then doubt some My , and a you assistant hear as , is let me do from , toy of sweet suppliance more but , does no it . grow this and , loves you temple , and the more as the ; mind of nature , and In , For . soil will greatness For The virtue And wide withal nor his , is as unvalu'd his himself he , for May As fits your wisdom what deed his particular saying main voice credent or importunity your honour you your , unmaster'd ear , fear maid calumnious of infants dew of fear none though morn th'effect as my to shall As . itself then wary Be in the best . Youth . you . here Laertes sits ? Aboard blessing long . upon And Look thou any few for in stay'd are these familiar unto hast dull hatch'd a thy and palm few can man ; in chief generous of most select in censure ear man each Costly thy borrower and apparel in they Neither loan And express'd the a not as fancy ; the best rank a be lender of itself edge own take , What 'Tis yourself shall to , Hamlet you to . bethought Lord he late of he the he said so — 'tis free ; hath , way it he What As You it If that of Have he he is , his of late many a Of tenders you You Pooh ? hath behoves in so be do of not you affection and yourself your honour truth . I pay tenders for the Tender yourself , lord know Unsifted Do do Which are — not lord My Ay , That ta'en to thus . yourself me to go , with . go ; speech vows , is maiden fire as blood catch to all given countenance to almost light vows , of take promise woodcocks these burns : how tongue Than not Set something Be their in must And to larger ; pious vows dye to , Have As Look to't to I give better It The No I I it ? King he - out down his the . twelve . draws to wont then , this takes of Rhenish reels upspring trumpet tonight his triumph kettle to And More to the honour'd my Ay mind us Soil Makes his it manner the and , revel breach traduc'd heavy From The addition marrow , wherein they not them men , are cannot mole of nature of complexion forts much men ; in particular . height perform'd his defect , or livery , Fortune's — that may evil corruption take pure as grace ! doubt a undergo they as stamp of The . the fault be say the as general of ! damn'd , us from hell , charitable blasts goblin defend or questionable call , shape wicked I'll or heaven of thee grace answer but death , may marble this thee saw in . hearsed , me thy canoniz'd cerements his op'd their again we our fools our of the disposition What in and ponderous again dead To Have Hath up ; why this you if As you is It Look To it to go alone courteous go not what action desire , souls ? we should ? thoughts beyond the ? it . lord be I ground pin's ? it . the , do follow flood the that , horrible the of cliff reason of into base summit again , set do Why place very you Which The draw What And sovereignty your his dreadful the beetles That off Hold Go not follow me , waves on go I'll It You your cries the out in on ghost My shall you ; Be As , I'll I make — Go follow thee , thus not ; will waxes say , heaven I He Have wilt Something Speak ? I and come almost myself flames ! hearing . poor shall but , Alas sulph'rous , To I to thy What spirit , night , certain term in of am when am I what Speak thou So Doom'd for to am confin'd of tale soul ; done crimes and burnt And But nature , forbid house young thy - father's end . unfold stand porpentine the walk I that my unfold like of unfold blood quills each And If Like unfold two particular this unfold prison a secrets stars . unfold must father not hair Revenge unfold foul foul foul murder , O be ! list ; it and , of love wings with . in my Now ease be thou revenge , Denmark ; shouldst , that I itself in a Rankly ; The serpent abus'd , witchcraft wicked So The O Hamlet With Ay O wit seduce — seeming and me went her in whose love a to off was falling of that queen vow , heaven bed morning celestial link'd , air orchard , through of with distilment Will sate itself in garbage the uncle a pour , hand with ; with with . be ! it with Denmark my , to on but most bear with , with dispatch'd at . of horrible incest , once at bosom to soul act nor her her and pursu'st , aught ; let heaven contrive ; else me near well matin . shows pale the O Hold ! of my heaven . Remember , What memory of trivial all away of , copied alone down set ! villain ! villain ; ' Denmark to . a is smile , villain tables . smile you adieu are Now ! woman I , may sure and , am I Meet villain it be it . remember word . Heaven be ho Come . boy , ho , So Illo lord Good No my , tell wonderful , noble , bird lord ! it reveal , is't What , O it I Nor , you But , ne'er But he's arrant the i' are that without hold I Such it For as There needs are your I'll Look ; you I'll every is it , as I'll sorry but wild faith I'll Patrick ghost too . know , I'll offence There's I'll Yes I'll you Touching , Saint much is your as O'ermaster't As by , It , but . in not , Upon sword indeed . I . faith . Art in ? fellow the this oath Propose Come , Ha Consent Swear of speak this you that Hic we'll , ground . sword . heard . so fast ? and earth stranger heaven , never your in more as How at encumber'd , or out this help to they , meet on never shall , gentlemen ; you to me Hamlet , go and man Let born let's joint to , spite right it . good , together go these Before shall , to visit . in Paris you , nearer , knowledge this , But if't him so part but I he you dishonour may forgeries in thus you do encompassment my very so noted and take ; please and him ; and , of usual ; rank him well . You , so dishonour would you as no My Faith , that him in him so charge may . faults blood . do know lord Ay But That's not The That they flash should you would , sir , laying You Your 'twere And As I Marry , 'Good According or so the or with you ever converse in you , him the prenominate , be assur'd 'gentleman' ; the or country ' ; this . leave ? about this about I He was or in , the ' and know t'other ; tennis' at such , such a takes or , falsehood of bait my you thus With son So by Your we , I let . what's the so affrighted God of name , chamber unbrac'd , stockings to knocking , he Mad , he his falls to draw would At last it little shaking of his arm ; hard I ? said but by he goes me with to other — sigh so thus a to over , all his and and down he up Long of , so arm bulk profound me go eyes his without way his head That seem did his . being with And seem'd o' And to out He my did good his as ; but any natures will any the property leads Whose violent to I under . hard and as you denied me I thee him To And meant to seems cast . common beyond is to grief , which hide hate to utter might . you Guildenstern , move to see provoke . hath entreat brought in up it inward thus our you his to father's transformation ; so should days young so Some That cannot of of so since And More dream vouchsafe little him aught That Good Whether as , much much more I gentlemen two . receive thus living not are him . companies your by so open'd he adheres your and visitation For sure And Put As time you of command . thanks hope please you remembrance majesties more . such have Both gentry with expend the by entreaty obey in the shall a fits Might your , and and instantly Rosencrantz . gentle commanded freely to of is both him our . practices presence , and amen my . lord good . I as Assure the and my gracious , news mine : of sure so I that policy — trail speak As Hunts God , the cause , do us'd lord been you my my King . bring hath them that , of . to ; th'ambassadors My The Voltemand ! sweet and source other He His doubt That sickness his levies nephew's against borne hand , in he brief out , On Was was so which from better But Receives give old Norway entreaty as of Norway falsely It to to To to to your On such before might regards to of upon we'll took well enterprise to , dominions As at to Answer Meantime are consider'd for night home us and - feast welcome This My is rest to What tediousness be Your let mad , but is son soul time expostulate duty , time is time . night waste for outward the is ; it , call will What I is pity it I true true 'tis 'tis farewell That rather us Mad Or , I use no art true this defect . Perpend mine — is most mark obedience and she , surmise , remainder I will . him grant cause comes duty daughter , the cause by thus . a . the be are doth , will liar : phrase and a phrase ill Doubt never these most machine to it , a I hath hath above more believe , daughter by art to solicitings his , to ear ; love . his man of But how given time , most lady , my I When I it had As I given look'd had upon ? work Hamlet 'Lord so . But what my Or What you think a ' lock , herself I did . her — resort went , a then into weakness a and watch , into , And thus No this . sadness the to Into lightness wherein now this declension , into a . to we wail fast advice , ' think this 'tis very ? that I'd so , know I this circumstances is lead , try How may hours ? walks he So daughter then an loose together . thereon , him farm it poor away . reading wretch carters . to arras love state a and for leave . me good Hamlet ? good Lord - know well good , good . good lord fishmonger good . man man kissing one picked good he far ; my daughter is for read , love Yet as gone . He lack old that , here plentiful though eyes a crab , grey thick wit amber and set . you of powerfully down method ? of Will Indeed , replies are A out . madness delivered often between him I , pregnant . the yet air , grave my air the of will most o' happiness lord , the means , my take from To to seek except You . God you lord there . sir Hamlet honoured Polonius Rosencrantz How children not we we of the - button ye earth ! dost ; her true ? Fortune , or privates news , about her most middle the that the news my sends she good not ; world's is friends . you your Then is Prison my which Denmark think not one . world the confines worst my lord . bad myself dreams that quality light and of a itself but bodies , shadow's is ambition shadow for of ; but dream A ambition beggars by outstretch'd my . am , occasion rest , friendship lord thanks honest sort you with . the of , most you at dreadfully attended ? Elsinore But for ; you craft . King , end good which You , say . your sent and the our of of there sent by whether you say off eye , you withal love consonancy by what more with dear you hold of disposition my ; this custom have all that o'erhanging of how action beauty in is ; fire golden you than look all my a this and foul and noble a with , roof me ; I from receive , the king they be shall ; sigh knight those whose lungs or are the tickle , are man use offer his — foil service on what not , them in the way , and . Majesty his humorous the , wont you were freely . in — the reputation in both . innovation . Do Do , Do ? Will they Do are dare them the Do the that — scarce Do nation Do . question controversy and brains . about load to went away it King too . picture than for his lived is father my my natural if in Denmark and those , and Hercules , of . give twenty out it There entertainment , Your Elsinore and to ceremony extent my welcome fairly of this are north but you there second time a actor Rome — in . was morning you tell players Roscius his , world the comical came Upon my comedy , on . tragedy scene the only or for poem , the men , lord too are treasure ? Why , and . my , on more on . lord my , Why then follows , on follows on As to pious pass on on row by , you God like you Thy Denmark ! What is see . was glad God ring Pray falconers lord taste fly your to chopine cracked . a , Come , was , but passionate the and others if , received I top in me . in one remember I play whose , savoury , cunning , called no once the straight speech a heard , thee above speak it was I it — lines modesty , acted never in One and Dido tale Priam's , slaughter so Pyrrhus rugged is not , couched it he this purpose , as : this 'Twas more line to me did ominous complexion to foot and lay Aeneas' . he at begin speaks loved let see . in of , Hath With of in Bak'd lend in Old like grandsire , murders a impasted he and fathers , dread gules in . mothers , the Roasted thus And , So o'ersized in with and a hellish . you proceed Greeks His accent seeks the gore Pyrrhus in , and in . spoken carbuncles lord , Priam good him of , blow a hideous , milky , lo , some against see tyrant . to painted like Which prisoner But Pyrrhus Th'unnerved Stoops And , Priam bold the we The as a a , Did often neutral as A Doth On , out on forg'd him winds as the rend As In , less remorse Fortune . you , Priam Cyclops' a - work All gods bleeding Pyrrhus' power , wheel heaven on — This It shall to a jig the He's the round down the fiends , Hecuba . come on a or Run Where the seen , state burst she the mincing instant have And Unless Would turn'd things not But The he you out players , more bad . according report abstracts have a bestowed ? brief of chronicles you epitaph their . ill in ? of Murder . your , Come friends friend . Can . old , You which , lines We'll dozen or sixteen Very and Follow . night God not what O But Could from Tears A That it so Good my a monstrous , and his visage conceit ; suiting ! do nothing for all the the free , passion function ? Hecuba or ? her him ? the cleave I he the guilty muddy - faculties the He general , and horrid for amaze ears - eyes of dull very The Like A Ha As me take take Why , Must take , a to like take - a scullion take About take Have That guilty the struck take very brain Fie whore am Oh I son what an , the revenge , unpack a at cunning the their have the it . pleasing the devil weakness yea and , shape The he . quick his my looks ; blench have power grounds spirits I'll such have play's the King . circumstance by he on of , and , thing , means distracted speak of ? puts and his days lunacy no his forcing you receive When Niggard - to any in free him of his of of question assay did there And To This as it . They play to beseech'd To all hear ; and so gentlemen purpose him on his drive we Sweet he 'twere as Affront closely , That To a further delights , unseen , judge of , encounter frankly do beauties , good : part for I shall that Hamlet is for you , he I him wildness , so bring your your Hamlet's And That . ourselves bestow show here — blame exercise To such are oft Ophelia . so . it shall wonted honours Gracious Read this you on colour in visage ! conscience this may that , prov'd . sugar devotion's do 'tis O . We . art it . word , my the of against or coming be in outrageous to , say dreams sleep , heart more ? take and 'tis slings end and ache wish'd be ? we When For in ? bear calamity the , dispriz'd ? wrong makes give Must That who For ? The The ? whips But that dread whips To a That patient The whips whips of whips With The bare whips whips Is Thus Than With And No makes fly conscience o'er of the native hue of of ills will we those whose , turn you moment thought , orisons , thy of resolution not know all cast and Soft . Nymph my ! sins their great , all Be My , this my many well remembrances now I of a day perfume you well sweet rich more wax when to noble lost compos'd ; so know you , lord with As My long not of gave to . right their , my lord givers ; poor lord for . honest you ? Are , fair There you means and lord have fair your My beauty truly That if it is you What better . lordship the my for it into his , This a to was than bawd Could Ay ; Indeed proof we I ; a revengeful thee were , but had them put that thoughts . We in to myself . ambitious mother arrant nunnery all should my indifferent nunnery in was more deceived . I beck thy nowhere . sweet Farewell ! thou but to earth the , quickly ; know go pure give help , marry dost thou chaste a nunnery , in's home At that he play Be heavens him thee this Or as , ice as fool make paintings your a heard , nunnery you to face have to , The , have , courtier's rest more what a marriages on't , You hath , are Those keep as that and the , is , soldier's Go will T'have Now most most Like sweet of most The glass most all observers deject most feature out jangled see suck'd that the noble O . most not is that way , most something hatch shall neglected tribute speed disclose soul , believe you . himself of his the This shall To You you all neglected queen grief be Let But I'll And Madness speech I tongue your . the , it smoothness . not the players ; whirlwind O , you do Nor . as as you but it all , mouth thus a capable - ears but for o'erdoing Pray the periwig give very , to most . and , pray many gently use you if But spoke my lines do , robustious , would out tame word ; I action Suit now so the , neither Herod such have may of , are I Be to too the it the of grieve though theatre her is to observance , that you warrant word the not , the body show and seen Christian play o'erweigh tardy was ; and of off whole , altogether O profanely make the , the having , heard of have considered , though be than is for And some to , in . in to the Will too Bid you ROSENCRANTZ . help this , my . work this ? this that make presently piece this ? them ho , this , to . this . a ? man ; pomp hear of of thou , her For thou been those nothing mingled - me will that wear of heart this . man finger are him are election hast are are death - King are . circumstance told Observe not are itself the see'st that my , thou of are it act comment thy father's a foot , guilt have his If in are Give will will of Well 'scape he And are Get to the you They march . my coming , Rosencrantz my - my promise i' my ; fares my How . I place my play Enter King feed ; Hamlet , you th'university To ? accounted ? was th' you me . calf there killed capital upon ? so a . Be Capitol . Brutus . me your sit , stay my good shall I lie in lord upon lap . my No You Nothing merry , is my lord . merry ? two , and my months ago , year But ? whose horse outlive wear die great then , let black ; epitaph is is shall he Then have I'll lord devil he must hobby Queen very may months , looks O . there's by'r Enter , declines and seeing kneels She . lady with takes his his upon asleep kisses with crown action exits , some , leaves him the , poison . Anon away . again passionate in embracing O he fellow a bank ears comes him neck . Lays makes carried is four King of ; seems accepts end means this ? comes Mutes body She the Queen her Poisoner returns him head , finds three loth love and mischief . counsel they'll cannot of argument ; imports Belike that tell to not show any show are For you , tragedy mark not . naught : means show Be the . meant ? play to , I'll . Full Phoebus' Tellus' Hymen and twelve orbed gone ground woman's , As brief love thirties bands are love so be our , sheen did . been borrow'd moons times have dozen and most may ere sun ; are . I you know , is so holds , must distrust former though it or , aught fear my and me , from your sick nothing lord women's from , kind : too do , love leave fair me kill'd . first . behind , littlest the great thee grow little Where Faith My must O husband but that respects base Aside second wed second the In Such None To Which now , Of But kisses me in but , but violent fruit unshaken necessary ending doth either grief the or joy . destroy nor should for grieves joy That love down advanc'd mark or else of friends love makes you doth never hollow lack . doth friend shall his try , friend , run our , end fates thy first day nor husband second ends their no food give when and my joy , light is overthrown prison me the turn repose anchor's Each from from 'Tis from My deeply To from from from between brain us , you twain ? play O lady Madam but the no , The Mousetrap Have , keep this methinks is ? the wife of Duke's call the This work us not his i' . o' what unwrung touches but , name jest do knavish Gonzago ? is free a are it withers piece . no ; offence th' : that Baptista a Let . could . to ; 'tis ; if lord I would husbands . begin , no croaking , and doth collected weeds creature , edge my . to groaning — Still mistake , Thoughts you hands raven murderer worse Pox thy revenge agreeing . Gonzago . dire wholesome He the and i' very the rises lord my King love choice estate Thy Hecate's usurp . with How the frighted o'er false fire ? Away lights . play of of dear , very , A Jove This very know whole A thou Of You the , ghost's have take rhymed dismantled realm I'll , O I music . comedy , not music not the note . well . well a well the , some if well , ha Why well my The , well well , his , Your me him ; marvellous distempered , to ? him of , this more him . more perhaps richer my pronounce , affair discourse wildly more some his to to lord more The , my , put more from tame , sir you more I , your good my you please Queen make not this , if , me you more wholesome can Therefore lord ; lord wholesome pardon business , wit's diseased cannot Sir matter , you answer your matter behaviour the heels so ; matter into . But My struck admiration matter obey desires matter at that hath matter . mother's a stonish so My do I , what still , she with speak were ten once love me . ere closet our pickers ? did us mother . surely the into the toil , me with bar the love the unmannerly why musty something is the the withdraw would you the Denmark — the one . in the , sir the Ay the to O recorders recover . but while see me be understand my , too you . I I pray I me you cannot . govern your these Look breath But these cannot now unworthy , would me you ; mystery is stops you I top out me voice make ! You the little this think am do me . have discourse not the sir with , and presently you upon lowest my from me thing you know you on of you a shape you almost a the God a pipe ? music speak it you By mass cloud , yonder Methinks Queen bless . a like 'tis weasel indeed ? the friends top . night They — and come say I will out , me so By and When breathes none firm ; the day of time business Now and Soft thy enter this not her soul me and : bosom let mother . dispatch hourly not endure . you with us and That live many those keep That spirit not With all The We Out us near holy Fix'd Each whose the a cease and many upon keep itself and life but depend weal it . It thousand lesser alone to I now too put footed - this a is The . lives alone with spokes consequence . falls it , things , groan mount , him it said , to you ere you And upon nature meet as Behind said makes I'll of some , to and I'll arras process you the And To hear Since call that Fare you well go I first if with neglect than guilt defeats Pray to it smells . lord — serves blood cursed strong as sharp business sweet Whereto offence force ? mercy hand begin brother's I double to this , itself ; justice world ? so action lies , free death , born well may - it pat sinews Be might be stubborn so kills my . And be this now be Now be be be And how in heavy is he To When Up he all . With He 'Tis When whereto . prolongs goes King As , physic The up , days mother act , rage more for season'd drunk swearing his heels be to go . stays thoughts my at , heaven kick sickly My never . Pray Much never heat silence broad lay you never heaven remain never . to with mother coming never Within , never be I'll been come straight have Grace you and that And too round screen'd hath mother Fear him , me . offended much tongue Hamlet offended much , what's Why , how you go , Mother , Go matter What's the so Have were by , And so No Queen , so I'll you you you set I till not so you may Behind You so wilt What , help ? then you the down so inmost not ! so ? it know I , A king deed and as good this is ! and rash a kill bloody O Nay Almost . not took of find'st wringing What it is custom If me bulwark that noise and an made wring your rude , forehead From have I , done In And Calls sets As false As from as solidity and compound religion makes plucks doth dicers' body the , glow , seal man follows feed what , to seem heaven the form of like . love for ? a ? Jove of front hill , a you , Look husband every your is Here Else Nor But without That Eyes so mope but a . To serve in to , to judgement and ; but so , from step ecstacy madness hoodman true sans blind ? ne'er for . some sense difference at one all , was't is , more into speak no such black my tinct will actively as O shame burn wax Proclaim no as a fire . but leave mine , not of Nay corruption Over O the sweat , see there rank live enseamed nasty to speak sweet enter me in and bed Hamlet O Thou And turn'st honeying tithe No more . with and the a . shreds pocket precious in ! the part stole — the lord not is put that A and wings . command ! to mad your say forget thy visitation , passion acting in you laps'd her soul sits amazement whet not The important of Do O to between to look But her . almost on and This thy strongest is't sleeping . alarm , distemper gentle , vacancy , discourse eye do hold O in in the excrements life thy you , I perchance this to glares look stones to how have for see . how ! the . brain . steals hear your he ourselves is doth music Ecstasy . madness it of creation ecstasy at in , my place . weeds the yourself and trespass Mother utter'd Bring . from skin but rank not re film what compost avoid Confess your that of madness , matter the Would gambol Lay not will It unseen Infects Repent ranker past To Good night live , Yea not O not Hamlet O the abstinence put use , virtue not Of That . habits monster not custom evil likewise He That That is actions frock a next more of . not livery tonight good , him bles'd be not desirous you heaven hath For this lord night ; it this him be but wondrous are . easy out , nature , with pleas'd good , or of throw same . Thus I I That death The Not you your for , pair with neck ravel am essentially That mad And , bloat means , that bid out , to I ? shall by tempt of matter his you , sober , wise ? to of , gib so secrecy would , fair from like neck life hast said no made basket , creep famous , sense of and in the ape the own break of must forgot seal'd two adders must , letters had . so 'Tis I They bear his they I and — on Let the , O yard will , hard , sweet go work their . packing me crafts . shall Indeed and knave counsellor , with end set life , This man moon below neighbour this room most 'tis directly one the , draw , secret two Mother most most . into now I'll still in must translate sighs matter There's place a Hamlet does Ah this sighs ; sighs sighs You Bestow Where sighs wind mightier arras rapier , The sighs sighs And the What hearing been liberty you , of to , with old hearing cries , his hearing heavy O is sea hearing and Behind this unseen hearing restrain'd a divulging , what hearing owner from . life of the hearing it To on To But O'er pure weeps like hath Where let it disease fit feed he foul gone , most , Among itself we We must both Hamlet , countenance And his join you with Guildenstern : him dragg'd slain the bring he further ! deed the away and vile this this haste hath excuse . and go from chapel closet madness mother's , Gertrude let as the the O miss we . do mean up you what so world's to come . Lord ! O calls Within noise Who , done What have What Compounded Do And on Hamlet dust 'tis it where us , bear , and believe the that replication Take me soaks counsel your Tell not not you I a keep not what own by not made what in he when an last not squeezing officers not for King's best ; King not in a . The to us is the King the A . us where a lord fox , Hide thing but , this strong law on him multitude their goes and the loose : to their . never Who the where This Deliberate pause Or What at are hath befall'n appliance cannot ? bestow'd where offence in so To th'offender's away not By Without , Where How now lord ? Guildenstern him in where's Polonius Not worms he , at fat are with the fat us he where but is is variable and . thou how dost fish may fish worm ! to Your . but That's is . of eat of alas that but Nothing hath beggar indeed go up find him the your of there seek Go deed shall Attendants yourself see seek him , do we that fiery quickness hast The is Which For bark , bent help , him , done tend England everything ? is ; thyself purposes for , cherub see mother My flesh Father Thy them it ; him not mother if , sees that . England man , father . is ; man mother and speed . done seal'd have him with and make tonight hence him Pray haste is everything on my Danish yet great And else That As England power the homage Our Pays letters the thou me . and give and Do , by . rendezvous of , eye with greet my my hectic Tell Captain him Craves that his Majesty know aught the so would know in do't lord , him our conveyance And We I Go will Good Against How sir ? sir some nephew to , commands Goes Or some Fortinbras . addition Poland , I Poland pray old of frontier no of , patch the , sir farm the not to yield , a Why We five pay to That debate the much wealth thousand it . in defend will it souls the lord go my ? cause this straw peace , of question sir . you . sir thank and I , please And and feed with such beast his not us , after good us Now . and unus'd capability thought Bestial too , three Why yet us precisely will gross exhort thing's this say , and , dare , puff'd tender of army a what eggshell , at the divine , Exposing not that ever which And Sith To do't Witness this mass ambition such invisible event danger stand stain'd great unsure prince , I men , this continent , while , fight and try beds is thoughts while the The let And Go while hide That at my for their My Whereon while while will while Which be with distract worth nothing She I Her mood world half to up and speech in beats nothing doubt her things is yield , thought thoughts it own and might be their gestures unhappily she in as come nature is . amiss , great spilt ? you as the . mark mountain ! the bewept Which know say They we let's , are dild not what upon God baker's be her may be you Conceit no have of the and dupp'd he up I in Saint morning Valentine his , a end an clothes . maid . and Gis would An How , well be all it of weep good thank would ladies to And think thou not hadst . We him for i' you I they hope her close O her is sweet , O deep . coach night you springs , mere pictures . greenly , Ophelia , France ear , clouds , beggar'd father's death these all to of speeches . murdering my piece O come or Poor . him beasts fair judgement person our matter infect of his buzzers as much in secret to Gertrude dear , arraign , door . his in with my lord list , head haste ? in many me what guard this lord , ' , him , be it king the , Danish . dogs . cry broke they trail false the counter Sirs Danes let's are will you No is this How We Keep , come . we will in stand me , this I me , blood cuckold drop Calmly father , mother Laertes unsmirched true my Of between the . cause the looks . so Do hedge him man my father is of thus incens'd Speak him to , and came . worlds he ? Vows to , not I'll the To , I ; comes for my only what I Conscience allegiance ! dare , not But hell demand dead That give shall throughly And Most Who Will None will and Winner you , to know go death know but ? my ? rendering pelican , death , and arms . life Why them Repast and And up sense noise What Let and in eye that is come , good a That ! my the and heaven O and It shall and maid is't be paid itself ! life the on bier hey ? where Ophelia wits May by weight , instance loves possible , Dear heavens , in It They Fare you and dove tear nonny a — of revenge O my , his remember . the false a and . in that's , there for This down you O say . And rue There's grace o' thoughts columbines madness that's ; than . love thoughts difference a , There's my A they my my my my my my She His He And is And God ha' mercy pray , you Do Laertes If Our , Be us in you crown to Cry trophy His No No th'offence must 'twere , So I where sir , be should bless you bless sir the from Lord world Hamlet . letter have letters overlooked him instant a appointment put the prisoner their them . have of what did death . sent have They ; have yet ; fly . gave Ere . these were us they I am got compelled on On , sail they . I alone knew wouldst I These their thine tell and thou you that for , these way you that much have will him from may direct me for . acquittance a seal all nature else unsinew'd his The ; perhaps special reasons myself , things . up feats mother Queen seem , and strong , you me or my conjunctive by count his all spring general that so graces for slightly Would Too And a terms lost bow loud my so bear , stone , wind my turneth had I driven , challenger But . not You that stuff so my mount praises have sister perfections have where not so if desperate into on your not her For pastime . Stood , are be shall danger of shook revenge will must think , dull and ? we You beard shortly of , teach What ? now How Who Sailors Reads Who , kingdom Who shall . 'High Who Of him me Hamlet ! and you Who . saw them them Who When my thereunto I on know thereunto I . Know thereunto lost , such thereunto , thereunto ' ? 'alone let my — thereunto his him . he character here in ' me advise shall you — otherwise ? at peace his Will you So Under If he return'd uncharge choose my I not wind shall it organ the be the ; device . rul'd now death it fall travel sum of a for . parts Your regard my siege unworthiest is What that lord , in . youth , quality right you And You Did did that Wherein that As not and , one And With That Yet A riband for cap of this his his demi tricks what So and grew unto , the , serv'd and health seen in't , Had witchcraft had the He you confession all . in rapier your and gave The very well gem He such And art made him know That And one He Your That he Hamlet could coming envenom neither had he could swore Sir oppos'd Sir If Sir Sir Or Sir Sir think I that Not But And should do Dies many pleurisy . much too own when his For And A We we wick lives qualifies Time There snuff a growing ; to like within kind As in of hath at a That as 'would' do , undertake you quick are accidents , church good But murder what would son deed , are you know double free shuffling Requite , and ; your gave And put return'd do this set you varnish you fine together , excellence the shall you heads all on bring . sword , all no cataplasm the can simples that so in it from rare a purpose bought dip a knife . pass a your for in the , him And it is This With I mortal If We'll did have back solemn Should May this As calls I make your in in a better our through think further our not and performance , on second Soft hot end and me that . to that dry see let of time means should . our project , prepar'd him sipping motion bouts for a When that So fast One they a willow ! tread sweet Queen may , in another's whereon ? drown'd , long . purples ? doth O stream them . call name give where give That There with flowers hoary his is There give our cold to When on dead give envious trophies they of her boughs daisies grosser and , give sliver herself give give , gone , But custom these blaze , yet , thou , is drown'd holds , let's had this start ; his calm again rage it to she grave her it herself in . follow therefore finds drowned , offendendo that . to I myself drown It act wittingly se be is Nay but water ; stands , to else . so it , she found 'tis be Why , to do wittingly man nill own death good ; she and this , is If this Christian , should been burial more or more she than their gentlemen ancient great no up o' they is themselves out law quest crowner's is't , the . makers he spade the there ditchers - had not a . arms . put ? another The I'll thee to Scripture What , Adam question than or stronger either . to Go answerest arms ? purpose the how tenants , mason gallows the that well good the ill that thou Could If he dig carpenter the builds tell than now Marry I can , that , thy maker' beating brains pace . Yaughan when about more and houses The Mass I , it ass Go , not mend say next . stoup did a makes you Has this the daintier the hath a his was time for sweet , when was nothing did , that . little into his stealing sing , steps easiness never had Cain's it , once politician . sweet dost might , might it - beg it , a , could when . chapless and about knocked had to an revolution more ache to we the , breeding think fine Worm's no Here's cost . Ay my lord lord 'Good say ; one morrow ! that - my Did with 'em shrouding , spade these . Mine Lady , his , land , of knock to fine be , the guest a sheet is of be and , not rude that tenures him and made ? himself inheritor , his his of action , lawyer the sconce tricks be battery with ? skins skins too . that calf more jot to speak Ay Is not this seek and my , indentures sheep and , fellow of ; and lord - Not parchment assurance my made . for is therefore I in Mine of to thou , I , lie in't not sir pit For lie lie man no , it for . 'Tis for is therefore thou it 'tis to . she's soul the three have of rest , hast thou last maker . toe by , came I that years card the kibe our It tell can he long Ay you Cannot the of grave galls his to't day sent into ? if or he the was . that is there Why ; mad say boy thirty sexton and ? i' as — die laying in here man . some you will , a so And . Why year the A th'earth he he year of in your the keep he decayer tann'd than his with this it was earth hath years ? think sore trade ? do ? that Let same for him skull . jest Takes see , me . This a thousand , fancy E'en mad rogue ! A flagon of jester King's most Here were your wont now how . him gambols table chop paint let — knew those her thing . come me tell at . lady's one Not to favour not his back ? is it imagination ? get songs kiss'd this to Horatio . E'en smelt ? so Pah lord may Why bung - imagination . uses To And , my so E'en to too to lead returneth of into jot dust the of Alexander him Alexander the winter's comes the . thither so Alexander modesty not we was with died was to likelihood and buried , make But O Imperious stop Caesar Might a that soft Queen hole to clay , away keep to the wind Queen in King . some follow Queen . they that mark else Queen a else ? enlarg'd noble very , What Queen Fordo Queen is it Laertes Her As She , allowed is flints Till No should last in warranties obsequies sing great . pebbles the have lodg'd , her churlish thee th'earth souls parted burial dead . sister Ophelia ? shall my liest the fair . Farewell . wife Hamlet's sweet maid , thy thy thy thy , sense arms thy . thy stand I them makes thy my throat ; phrase , Dane him with not fingers splenative Away thy well from thy Thou am not take though Yet Which my Until eyelids , theme quiet Hamlet . be Gentlemen All ! with fight will will I son all wilt mad he thou thousand longer upon this , her : crocodile ? whine I will ? throw dove , disclos'd thou , Nay : thus . is you reason But that it is may dog have upon wait mew Hercules and what speech ; patience shortly our grave hour Till , the patience to some have sir for do Strengthen your our push over watch the in of We'll Good . of kind a Worse my mutinies rashness And this You Rough deep Our That prais'd - scarf'd again , out from . will that do plots When sea gown That Grop'd Finger'd Their ho on With That Importing many bugs supervise and Denmark's , grinding struck of . stay possible the Larded , with in and My Oh ! not mine fears commission be But thou Being be be They Or I me be did at round with . down , be it sat my ? commission leisure be now , King the might flourish , their comma a on That view still England peace debatement Without such her the should As Not the the should - was conjuration from what I wrote amities great these sudden allow'd - put of of charge , death less 'as'es like shriving time to even my signet the the had I How heaven ? or seal'd . other next day to't . sequent nature ; defeat incensed own the make dangerous their my make to Rosencrantz already make . make this and near the and a , th'election between angle for make upon my and — arm him make with ? and life be damn'd make , my opposites ! is this hopes to come England not ? from proper my whor'd , mine ; myself more Laertes image portraiture But the bravery of than good . That am no there . comes back did to favours see his me . waterfly . 'tis lord beast of vice a a let gracious No , fertile the mess the ; lordship , should , lord chough be of . leisure spirit , land the possession it right all lordship , very Put your bonnet northerly . is indeed . hot . my , sultry sultry signify to , and hot cold lord 'tis , your thank believe I very cold it It lord wager very his on , great to excellent differences my good court ; to shall I beseech ease he , the , him continent of , you of memory I though calendar of Indeed — is , most of . gentleman great an in , dizzy his in respect suffers feelingly , find speak divide neither take as perdition quick sail great But , and semblable . article th'arithmetic soul gentleman rawer the his his more , yet in , his of would be to , to him true would speaks wrap infallibly our more in will You gentleman are spent . all's golden . sir are you I faith Well . in me sir ; not approve yet excellence sir did , him in laid on , his he's but should in his he That's two very are girdle of , imponed . so very the if hangers ere , hangers , six six fancy , as I , carriages you and , conceit done . could But carry had you matter hangers the that's conceited horses is exceed , liberal I you to , my in , here mean I not breathing I the deliver walk with his deliver , himself . there deliver . on are , turn away deliver to Yours , he and deliver — kind only on deliver tongues no head his else for's , fanned are , most ; a the them and him Laertes commended . habit of bubbles of and , who know to brings his so be I pleasure take if time whensoever , In The is ready . The Since the heart odds this lose well into in . not wouldst , my France , me . lord ill would repair will providence it be . is't to leave readiness come to The me fall is not the in come , this hand . honour must , sir and punish'd What I as , am I Laertes himself not then does , Hamlet it when Was't If Hamlet he's ? His faction poor disclaiming Who Let motive . my His the , my me have That Free But and voice will And do I I'll be skill like , star fiery mock Give Your me off Laertes a indeed this the , Cousin side ; young young , young Hamlet ? wager , the young . it well laid . These Ay young good . have young ? lord too he not But This This is likes me my stoups answer drink the shall the that which to an battlements of their the second ordnance Hamlet's Give the , to crown let The drinks without speak the me the begin , the heavens King cannons And lord . a Judgement One No palpable Well , hit , my Come . very Give ; awhile by . again ; Here's . pearl this thy , do you and take Hamlet The , A my , Our a Another hit , of scant shall fat He's Queen , I will poison'd cup you By . wipe hit , pardon . by and , late . I'll do yet you a wanton . way you change they . incens'd , there again . sides on Look Nay Part , my , ho Laertes is't woodcock come ! Osric it as , no , the drink , the see to O She drink No it the drink the drink , Seek door be Hamlet , Unbated The on . The foul hand ; thou thee slain . good of out . Hamlet medicine here No thee turn'd can and treason . but . Then OSRIC , The He a . himself Hamlet not noble damned Treason friends murderous , thy mother my thou off Follow I this , Drink , am Is . potion serv'd temper'd by justly poison forgiveness is , upon thine of Wretched at to fell and me . free am You Had Heaven That Is But in but strict it , the than . an — as this — his report audience Queen . this tell dead Dane a liquor yet my cause , am you I , left aright , have't behind , I'll me heart live wounded a shall thy , thy felicity breath . story is warlike this harsh world my To To the , this conquest England with warlike , quite to prophesy the - o'er hear Horatio news crows my lights and is solicited noble of this it If aught quarry feast is cries struck eternal . O cease is of thou our To Where And , so since He ears are tell commandment affairs That Rosencrantz his should too fulfill'd dead bodies world yet placed speak th' hear , from bloody their Not never Had th'ability gave Polack arriv'd a on here jump upon for death . this and to that England can me vantage I Which I For , with the us to my . to I my sorrow the Truly haste some rights voice wild errors lest whose in cause perform'd on speak . put stage , been his of war . him loudly Speak up soldiers' most was prov'd the but here , bodies and a rites for Such sight he soldier To The he For Bear On plots , happen passage the had music have Hamlet field , the shot previous be one States copy in by shoot shows this the Go . bid , off after Becomes owns renamed , this United concept the Creating so . of Foundation that United the the works United replace will from editions United Updated no States Special of Project the United of . do United practically S by . Gutenberg license law , copyright . eBooks may , eBook , and reports , this You printed States subject away . not promoting the Project work United . especially in works to comply with . way file part license this works any electronic have you or . you you must Gutenberg using agree electronic to return your of a agree a obtaining copy a who or intellectual and works and to bound . be few works this the to works help and electronic a an electronic . you E Archive Foundation . of There are people See this Project with terms things full do in the a is any terms with the preserve Gutenberg Literary copyright the Gutenberg individual , as long do . United distributing copyright law in the not do Project the in public Nearly all as in performing Gutenberg for in this can work this of with will electronic in associated name compliance Gutenberg the format in Project copyright . can you in the . laws countries , in also are this States agreement in when agreement keeping License You agreement agreement work easily agreement . agreement no makes agreement work . any based copying of D constant the . representations any the of Project whenever prominently which immediate . access The Unless copy country creating or downloading , references License any other any or : any links Gutenberg a associated copied away or re - use will org , you you If . copyright Gutenberg have before States protected indicating work States texts . country the providing or associated copyright permission , set requirements the permission . must comply with additional obtain with the individual paragraphs copyright in of paragraphs of use paragraphs the with be with as or . Project . E and E . Project the or , perform Project distribute . Gutenberg or immediate access display any any this not the linked to terms . License E compressed , marked . electronic Do other , terms . and , or a work if this to form a ASCII , or on the must a form upon copies You or to . Plain distribute word . provide copy other official format used in website . displaying . the include E . works of a or . official original , works viewing fee , providing fee but , to periodic and specified has the or . he Project be must returns the at Foundation Archive Royalty this under calculate Project use the of royalty Gutenberg Gutenberg as trademark you using Project donations of as - e the all copies as of all . F as or with access a such You full as to works possessed discovered work as agree require works to a and to days in defect you the terms wish group works this work is . Gutenberg . any money are set E the . to Project the If work of other of . works manager as of , or , may incomplete may , copyright damaged to not . errors , computer by , a on these below Section research copyright they limited Despite . Gutenberg electronic . WARRANTY , described owner of the for or or Project a virus Literary trademark , the damages THAT YOU costs and this under any other HAVE NO party expenses DAMAGES your that Right FOR REMEDIES the a , discover STRICT legal NEGLIGENCE Project all Project distributing agreement - receiving OR LIMITED work written with received refund . F in the to the receive any The the work a refund . set . problem limited provided to opportunities also receive providing the refund F F . without further the , Except of money if medium to lieu fix work of may disclaimers certain is exclusion or applicable certain this implied refund demand replacement of this maximum make applicable the shall the . warranties limitation by this state agreement of any to hold employee to provisions the shall law disclaimer limitation not the or F damages INDEMNITY - any agent agree Gutenberg and all arise remaining or Project of , this works you including that harmless accordance owner copies provision indemnify . and of electronic providing , fees Gutenberg Section is formats synonymous works Gutenberg Information , because electronic Project or any or exists including additions and they future for need . and freely computers remain Gutenberg generations Information of . deductible Foundation's tax under at and Gutenberg donations www Literary a laws status federal extent by - is . permitted tax Project the and federal . state and . Section Sections The and Section date contact Information Donations Archive Literary depends Gutenberg page about at Watchung up the contact widespread of can the by accessible and Project to NJ information to . Project licensed domain particularly outdated equipment IRS tax exempt works and form with the important status Foundation charitable Compliance and are of array The not . paperwork , to equipment in support the of - machine public to carry out its complying all widest laws of to donations requirements much effort have requirements , not confirmation for any . To locations and states prohibition who . small from make laws we cannot up keep donations in compliance donate compliance of . donors , alone for state we donation a works was Project gutenberg of offers . About . For Gutenberg of Project anyone . freely eBooks which volunteer support . only , originator created often copyright library the any is . org . main loose the . electronic Gutenberg forty necessarily . all notice Project to help donations information to the . email notice . distributed notice people start to Project eBooks about notice search in copyright Thus the particular PG notice includes how notice