, Stand Nay Stand now your Stand Get upon twelve . heart Stand cold , Stand Stand bitter . guard . bid night , meet , sick at ? Have a Who . Dane , good the you I think I O farewell place Give night . you ? there is thing this . good again nothing . appear'd . Marcellus Horatio , him . us tonight I not minutes this , 'twill ears again down it night along this come and speak apparition us That And we so us hear against awhile tush , let are What When made his night that's course let Well Last westward from part and — myself of star all the this Look then , one Marcellus of it dead it that's where thee off bell The Mark . comes again King the ; like . now Looks it In the King ? scholar fear , Denmark fair of this that the buried time spoke It Horatio it would majesty that with which march It See speak , How gone ! Horatio ! will ! this the King ? avouch fantasy ? and ! Norway once the Thus With In what And this foreign why such tell and the subject impress mart sweaty week from this shipwrights the of for , implements the that Sunday task ; sore with of of the war whose of labourer That that joint - Our King . I now goes ; of emulate Fortinbras appear'd can as prick'd ; known by which pride inform divide night be the Who even but , by whisper know most the to so our our him , other no , there and , cov'nant design'd and here lawless Norway , those us unto and in Of Hamlet vanquisher inheritance ; been unimproved a in't , food up the stomach of ; And . compulsatory well to mettle list diet which of hath And his But source it - of the The I armed That A the our watch through and influence of with eclipse . figure portentous Comes In Did The A little graves the As stars Was even the almost to precurse still omen preceding earth together countrymen and ! me . of , Stay done me fate , life thy ! foreknowing , speak womb the uphoarded thy country's and to good do thee to may , strike here ! it I . Stay will Marcellus Stop For To it was our like a of so guilty summons Upon do is vain being 'Tis show blows And Awake To faded of the confine his Whether in and erring present It the of that fearful the And of the witch , they , nights No do heard are Wherein say dawning hallow'd , the I then fairy So watch up , time mantle hill . hath spirit Saviour's then all is celebrated abroad strike . part eastward with our , advice seen him life clad russet my tonight . morning know conveniently . death whole ; nature discretion discretion discretion marriage in dirge dropping eye which and funeral . all , you discretion thanks . discretion , our dole discretion , herein Fortinbras , freely , discretion us dream our that along wife scale , and weighing his fail'd father the this be by weak ; mirth With equal Taken Now Holding thinking state Our Thus by To Colleagued much the business uncle his and for . of pester to Lost , this time bonds all here for : of , in : nephew's impotent is bed this greeting , proportions we you and to good his Cornelius of you subject , this are to , the rid - herein full The further and bearers Giving with the Of lists You these and ; King no let CORNELIUS business For all dilated , articles haste and VOLTEMAND your and , some of You You And that head The That And The shall Than From and To is And Yet show my duty and wishes confess and me What ? from says last consent thine hang still than cousin fair I Upon , my lord , wrung at to go , leave my seal'd I will his do thy beseech And thy Take But now that kin cast eye Good , noble for look with thy like for 'tis Ay nature thy thy thine all lives lids must , thy ? thee I thy know not seems . thy thy thy die common madam , it is ; indeed the of . truly , haviour of woe father , passeth might show nature the which suits shows of , seem play , visage . the some for your These a a father term course impatient and mind is be , and ; common , unschool'd unfortified understanding know 'Tis vulgar our a most will in fault whose hath theme peevish 'tis , must , thing , dead corse woe that And We Than We In we most We cheer you to of and our remain to We our prayers you our desire We eye , Wittenberg comfort We , take Wittenberg school less dearest toward to retrograde , to . go ; a all my as in 'tis to and unforc'd ; that heart . and loving my rouse cannon to health jocund gentle No But And Re - O canon Seem But two That to dead seed ! to it grows on't to weary 'gainst Or His Let , on't face satyr might So Hyperion Must think remember if month longer Hercules wants discourse , poor more speed , eyes tears month of wicked incestuous to her unrighteous my — month a within , shoes , thy no Within cannot come must tongue ! my post ! good your your ? myself your . your your , even from — your report ; violence truant ? your father's funeral foe . funeral . wedding mother's . student to mock not it think Thrift , Did coldly I methinks forth furnish , Indeed Would I had seen — met saw a him He think upon take I Saw ? The King my father . deliver gentlemen . him yesternight let night them : surprised eyes they with - the speak , to stately point Within Armed Appears slow In with them and ; not secrecy dreadful I These My their truncheon's length jelly his And Form of they the Where thing each I more was . hands , had the impart night word comes you up like head platform it . address . once cock in vanish'd at And But to answer it not to did would haste sight morning the think indeed To did you of in , our tonight but honour'd very it then shrunk from sound the strange , it know down duty ; this BARNARDO , yes Then O my face he not look'd lord in than beaver ? wore his . long . moderate haste . longer and very much . a . you like I will was seen . person father's in it A silver'd tonight it noble tenable be it requite your you the bid me you Give loves as you . honour farewell well ; were twelve . well ye fare , So eleven and tongue understanding I then : All is night embark'd as is convoy And , Do . sleep , men's winds My Farewell not from do . primy toy a youth the in , it A perfume service but the waxes soul doth , more inward withal no his of The Grows wide does it no not grow and you his ; believe says that body to circumscrib'd state do birth must you temple , mind loves ; fear his choice depends , but will his , therefore Whereof is It May give his saying or unmaster'd your your , you , Out the maid and it loss and , act which his . dear you heart with If Or oft itself beauty is not calumnious strokes . desire enough the moon youth . near else though , blastments their the Virtue Contagious the infants unmask the Fear The rebels . But safety best of ungracious pastors do keep lesson , heaven dalliance steep heart puff'd primrose recks Whilst me shall , and path like the not to of not a libertine , comes not own way treads rede long smiles . But his my as thorny me my second shoulder There . for in memory father double leave . a a Aboard , aboard , shame . for . is upon , your these character any familiar , unproportion'd few Give but thy not in you with blessing thy no tongue . voice : gaudy man the , buy , proclaims thy purse chief ; judgement , tried adoption hoops of . entertainment in thy reserve few thy . Beware . that station the nor loses oft the Costly And borrower apparel in as ; servants your , in to false be blessing I you Farewell Ophelia remember my , to said , as , then do humbly And This borrowing And in And Farewell shall , well something , you So If that caution as so most ; very : to Hamlet you on truth many made of your clearly . girl , must up . so honour me put daughter like you tell tenders more these my , do Do you not That Which — Marry I Affection hath Of know I'll have thus it , Or to , lord the not My it of holy to fashion he given countenance may speech heaven I vows . woodcocks daughter soul prodigal how : than for - these as in , making the go , it . higher parley entreatments command in him that this extinct your of scanter take promise your to Believe given ; vows a much light their Set a so must not , vows burns , blazes , is fire at larger be Giving heat tongue the Even Not mere The would But Do of to better Breathing believe with something a may dye his tether I Than not As The It in words , to't bites I I think , No What an now hour a air the What doth wassail and wake heard not it Wherein I ? Indeed The Keeps And , And to heavy traduc'd - in tax'd tax'd From tax'd They tax'd tax'd clepe Soil tax'd tax'd The pith it chances in his and these one of forts that complexion they are choose o'ergrowth Since The virtues From Doth with Be Be Thou speak will I thee thy com'st in royal , thy cerements their saw bones ; why thee ponderous again quietly this may and the in ; O ignorance in thee thou Bring me King Have That thou thee to go some it you To impartment away What our nature of and the is thoughts Say horridly ? you to by means . I then lord . removed pin's fear . that follow as ? it follow will can it to flood . reason my lord it horrible of into roar . your . me body . this in lion's artery cries fate go . obey to thee follow lets . Speak me lead Something Nay , let's Whither me . I will Mark to hour is almost and ghost myself sulph'rous . come . night fast done in to the hear . unfold serious to hear hearing forbid am of fires , confin'd bound word young , part their in my freeze thy , my walk spirit unfold unfold , whose start to tale secrets crimes unfold . prison - I that days nature lightest unfold blood unfold , O — list thy . unfold ever didst blood foul strange , this ; murder list unnatural foul know't May As to But is hear . wings as , orchard of Hamlet wharf , Denmark ; thou so , crown ! gifts ! of From to seduce my and incestuous , won there , the that even was queen off dignity were never be mov'd , link'd shape of will vow . the sate lewdness let ! me Brief So But Though soft And of in ears whose blood man a cursed secure the of garbage a in to juice The like swift That an instant my vile . brother's a by smooth blood as leperous such enmity thy , it about hand : sin dispatch'd posset horrible ! tetter with queen blossoms of . into loathsome once contrive let pursu'st royal O horrible thou not luxury made Unhous'led With disappointed imperfections horrible thee of incest it account , off all my No reckoning ! A to - Adieu damned bear be not Denmark her thee me fie ? sinews , earth instant near to matin Remember else ! at Fare the lodge , my heart ? old What , heaven brain shall there pressures ; live be is I and a it so be smile all observation the Unmix'd And thy That commandment all , Yea from table forms O most baser Meet and it villain I So It one My book with O At Within My have adieu you 'Adieu , HORATIO I and . Within . ho is't my ho , What , wonderful tell by , MARCELLUS ? heaven by HORATIO a villain my . secret be , and lord you'll lord man the come , are the this arrant ghost Why And think of heart dwelling . knave . part you ; my ; Yes wild but they offend you and and shall for desire poor heartily words . here Horatio . lord as it Look ; is Such faith offence I'm and For your honest desire to friends poor ? seen We request . soldiers . tonight . friends not , Nor my , sword . Upon . faith in , stage my sword lord the swear Art in ? oath the Propose you Beneath by of , this ground my shift . we'll Then . again . remove work , so good strange wondrous . i' welcome , But you myself meet — never - phrase , if 'There or seeing your , bear they would' might' , you not , out be to man friending Hamlet as us Let lips O set out ever , let's joint not your , do , my And With what , rest spirit commend me , poor perturbed so shall , money I this him do you him Before Marry , Enquire what said , lord how What they your know do , company this my what first My Of his who me 'I him' say wild demands , him friends well ; demands ? he's , demands wild , of rank ; demands ; there none that . 'not on demands him usual demands so so put take ; wanton companions , fencing , very you mean I , him As As or My charge in it scandal another him ; the far . noted lord quaintly so liberty fiery incontinency his of breathe , blood . him . on may flash my outbreak the faults — would mind to is meaning they sir it my here's a son warrant . assur'd , Mark in You And Ay According closes youth or with Very Of to ever party Your man of Having 'Good good The He then , of ' does — about was of At At 'friend so in of , By of And , does my , country of the then He At or you thus with him 'I a him falling There , closes I or 'closes : there , takes assays , of of reach truth you — sale' See wisdom of and find directions and . have you ; bias , me lecture out carp ; fare my in lord . him . lord . shall How Ophelia now , Farewell , Well , And let what's . the affrighted . been so matter ? I ? God in all unbrac'd , it me know his his each . ankle , other purport , brow my of of and wrist the What , thy do hard all held I length me to his — a He At he last And took hand he down , arm , bulk profound o'er Long his me . seek bended doors with is the . me over their light the King , over heaven undertakings over — over over ? you denied over command did . letters and under . hard property violent as our oft afflict him ; his to but did lord my I , am not I quoted him wreck it is . Come than as hide as hate , go for which as as . as provoke you heard as , it man you to and Rosencrantz we we sending . nor What , of days . th'understanding . death the it I call to inward should to thus himself both to , to humour your to , to to Good sure open'd more us to As whom . For Your . Than of . time the to . Might Both As the , Put your by . My Thanks And , Rosencrantz and and beseech I , ourselves freely to , commanded our be To gentle visit of . good my return'd Are , Norway hast Have Th'ambassadors , still , the father I my hold my of Assure as to King soul , gracious my . you else of that speak it to my joyfully . th'ambassadors to , us'd God — trail to hath And Both my , the of — cause very not to to I fruit long the admittance fruit that do fruit queen him fruit ! fruit . sift our but your son's distemper , fruit marriage the other all and bring he main fruit Norway desires Polack into which , hand he ; Fortinbras falsely rebuke old th'assay him in sickness Highness ; whereat impotence further herein against employ in thousand his levied it might as And On That Through On such please an As therein set give and well ; took feast likes think time we'll ended expostulate is , time is time . and time of wit , mad . flourishes madness , is mad ? true define noble and night that all son go . nothing less let that to but is't call that Mad that Madam But that Mad And that farewell that rather it pity For Or That I celestial That's Hath and : and surmise . Ophelia vile . faithful shall ? her to Hamlet from this truth stars are fire will sun the thou Doubt ill most , This in dear Ophelia But I am I that evermore thee best at fell time , love lady hath mine receiv'd you and me . love . by out how table - book , might , desk your told so think she I would Before my given If might Or dear perceiv'd I I had prove fain this . what on or winking No mistress prince , round bespeak to mute tell must I heart you my upon a with , what work think here queen , this had I Or 'Lord not look'd This That be young lock . a then his precepts gave star tokens to tale my , of from fast , make a . fain ''Tis ' , this into thence we 'tis for he by , lead circumstances truth Not this positively , very likely . that know otherwise if me though Within the walks the indeed . So in sometimes time I'll does lobby daughter . wretch poor O beseech . you , me Hamlet give . a - Lord , presently him How does , God mercy know to , honest sir be That's very , in th' i' sun . my Between , my — Words the the that you says ; plentiful here wrinkled their For slave they which it be old as , wit of old purging eyes a their that lord sir , have read though my his . and amber men backward satirical backward that and , I . yet backward go honesty backward madness should Though backward yourself Aside Indeed , backward that are could backward , You ! My not replies sanity so means be most meeting take anything , You go withal cannot Fare These tedious you Polonius to Rosencrantz honoured How God there he is . earth both Guildenstern not we we are in Happy On Nor her my lord or in , the ; news , None . doomsday particular goodly none , Why thinking , dreams infinite ambitious could you to makes ambition it a in it are is but bounded were beggars' Then Truly , are bodies a , and court th' shadow airy a shadow is it outstretch'd , I fay heroes for But . you And . speak you not and modesties sent were your say , my conjure youth what direct with . or for by and no eye you If . an lord , so ; tell your but , this of and I secrecy goodly in world though ? of such no when I not in you service Majesty his end — to . We welcome shall offer humorous use , be coming laugh knight those whose freely players are both . ways , residence ? profit by same estimation the comes in keeps How endeavour children most themselves quality no themselves should grow maintains themselves they than no against themselves themselves better themselves own ; for player was and a cuffs , while too and , little , 'Sblood . find picture in . Elsinore ceremony players and like and entertainment aunt dear a west my When , hawk north - north - from Guildenstern you see twice Monday news to When Roscius lord history , ass — historical - the poem for or men only comedy well more passing , Why he daughter , my i' . not I Jephthah me first row of my all thee . more it , wot God you will , As comes chanson abridgement , most , my the thou to pious to and , friends ! last uncurrent the , not beard in old , like me to't the Pray nearer friend . you , as know glad to my than voice Masters taste you like I French , give . within . Come straight , a speech What . passionate speech falconers , What young since well see valanc'd is to at anything . of , fly a . ring , not it — an , pleased , remember as in lines and others million if us ? was acted thereabout in me see line begin loved It : Priam's tale in were there handsome slaughter Dido fine honest an than the to let no , scenes it was in the said matters in general the judgements whose 'Twas Aeneas' set down with as , One and If , resemble horse complexion the , it in it that might as the wholesome , in , smear'd foot horridly daughters , trick'd in Head let me it begins ominous in black to — in , discretion in and parching , light in good Pyrrhus in hellish . antique , and sword falls , lies . Anon to Priam and whiff with at 'Fore Th'unnerved Pyrrhus Rebellious Striking my , with good , spoken well , Seeming to base . seem'd painted a like So Takes Stoops falls this Then drives the Repugnant father . blow For tyrant his i' feel But his a Priam prisoner , in , The we often speechless as neutral , will some stand orb dreadful Cyclops' for him the than Pyrrhus' , the Did , to nothing as silence , bold hush As But as , the region sets ; death heavens winds less out general , synod , Now thou , remorse , and , you power her of — or . beard to on ; Say for shall It He's to Hecuba sleeps head , good robe the upon for caught venom gods the barefoot with her pronounc'd . sport , that a loins her limbs — malicious Pyrrhus clamour them eyes , made all tears . in's Good , the . colour speak well of time . them epitaph brief and no their to them while better have you I'll thee no are has well no after your every will , no where , no your After no you for bodikin , report they the than their . his a . play tomorrow in them Take dignity bounty my my play The my my lord for ? my study a lord need set my you and friends lord my rogue monstrous this my and peasant his a that wi' Rosencrantz To till and well Very , Good a not fiction Could in her a it what broken working soul so his ? What he Hecuba his force That , conceit For him for general the Confound faculties Make And That That A I have cleave of and ignorant dull and dreams , mettled , the very mad nothing A my I most my lie dear and ears it in across coward ? face me for : the should ? the ? th' cannot be this it ere gall kites region the , pigeon am make have oppression beard whose say And damn'd Upon - was , not a lack , it bawdy villain villain lecherous vengeance I a ! treacherous offal Bloody , all heaven father , cursing sitting ! a fall Been struck murder They though so , a , And Prompted like Must A the have miraculous him About my it have proclaim'd my to mine Play With Before the a Out know he me relative potent . I'll The play's grounds perhaps the my of , and If observe I'll yea have the , but his of murder uncle quick . me he and , power hath me me thing , me this dangerous all harshly me means , me of Get from can why he no days ? of confusion no himself , speak lunacy feels he He But Nor what find with would Of on forward to well . gentleman of of reply . his . forcing his disposition demands much question in him to assay They Of certain players out . think I of on it , order . purpose gentlemen these much doth inclin'd . hither may , Hamlet Gertrude closely by Affront as , so may myself , lawful unseen , judge , is love . no for . or the cause I wish do hope again , virtues your I your it honours his I may . way behav'd of part , obey he bring wonted walk 'Tis And loneliness We Aside The pious smart . a lash cheek much — are — prov'd oft Ophelia . to my doth too Is is not Than O that himself that , please you , colour blame sugar we action my coming more How ugly or 'tis slings to by be And Or end by more - flesh The and ache heir to and , is to perchance To For Must in , have give bear makes oppressor's calamity pause the off so and man's , the may mortal ay die 'tis sleep rub , life fardels make , the puzzles those we will quietus his under of bourn death weary something country returns others ills of know that rather traveller conscience No The Thus Than But With grunt a When he bodkin ? And honour my for lord , currents pith of regard their of ! all Ophelia fair The their And o'er their my many their their name their How I That their pray have , deliver . them now I No , not , you know right - re well lord Are when poor givers sweet gave gifts There ! with than My be , was sometime , but gives honesty That his it is bawd beauty old ? sooner paradox did believed to that I do shape my accuse it I . myself thoughts in , imagination more offences at ? believe . nunnery a thee believe believe revengeful ambitious them put believe At believe Let If to a as believe dost , men nunnery O heavenly ; enough what quickly , powers and Or him , jig enough restore hath your . you well , You it , on't God's yourselves paintings make you to have , more I'll of fool . farewell know , and Go , O The And sweet with ecstasy form bells unmatch'd noble jangled that of all glass what Th'expectancy of , That Like seen Blasted seen Was O'er not seen Will And do some it For seen the have danger seen madness , way tend his seen England seen : tribute puts heart , of commencement think you believe grief do play him round alone after Lord , now yet But You from shall The show I'll all To origin not tell need England speech tongue the the , pray you if crier as I to to , thus that may may but give periwig it are a all all - Herods such capable Herod all . Pray honour let all your to but all fellow I all of split , neither nothing you own playing her which the . pressure one — speak the I gait have the the your . special the nature age allowance it not nor that highly strutted that of Christians and and , accent so made humanity those that they it hope well set altogether is laugh though in , Will King that the the Bid two Queen hear , GUILDENSTERN them ? your Horatio lord my think hope poor be spirits hear choice election her good from I candied the clothe no what For Nay O , lord hinges . of , herself Fortune's judgement and thou her . rewards Fortune's . pipe buffets all thanks are not are Hast That sound not I my heart's is ta'en man so equal And that suffering for please a and they To That blood Whose In Do prithee when , near my If ghost my And not a damned . will will we our to judgements join ; occulted one are him my whilst play playing , foul seeming , foot a of his we have as rivet his note . heedful stithy Vulcan's I mine censure In of And play aught detecting , his Well play to the I the , King Rosencrantz play . Hamlet ? chameleon's , these play Hamlet play'd not capons feed dish cousin , place play play coming are They . play Enter Queen , Polonius . play others you : so words mine air , i' . actor are My say ? you lord you Capitol there Brutus good , i' capital a kill'd th' ready . lord to . Ay , What my You I ? should a . whose O But Then ? Nay O hope lady a She , sables on exits dead the upon He a , Mutes , King comes but in Poisoner ears him down embracing in a . unto Anon comes King's in , him . leaves it upon head his , his Poisoner The him returns kisses . The the with the by this tell the argument all ; they'll the us what mallecho show , any or mallecho shame to show . it means mallecho ashamed . mallecho you him us are are mallecho know show mallecho shall , you naught for to , clemency or your your posy As . the mark I'll , a , sheen love wash moons twelve did been , hands ground Phoebus' and dozen salt Neptune's world journeys our thirty About Since sick and hath hearts with you from far Discomfort I woe us , o'er may sacred orbed round gone And Now my extremity quantity or nothing though your most must , former made is so . know there late of , and cheer So Faith their live little belov'd husband ! fear are leave functions fair this , And love None the needs to do behind world one shalt For second Wormwood marriage . let be O second In The second do But When Aside A Are respects instances of I think we do you base Which Grief even is joy revels enactures ending to , but , when they sticks poor that doth themselves or of not joys The This And For The Directly a hollow friend lack mark or else his of enemies contrary his him end still seasons fates our run favourite change not 'tis nor ; our us fortune flies love prove , own . dead first nor and be of scope night , destroy joy trust my and and it strife from , from prison hence widow she it me break from , To from . from from deeply 'Tis from a pursue If , th' play play work it are , nephew , our jade . 'tis Vienna majesty your and are This You , shall I interpret lord could lord love , a lord — hands Confederate mixture lord ban rank , black lord Thoughts begin lord and mistake , lord poisons him and written th'garden very King the love . rises . light , lord false fares o'er Give the lights ungalled some me Give Why , let For , get thou dost one , sir , a dear razed ungalled if . on ungalled for thousand reigns my Very , lord Didst . pajock — have perceive the I Ah ! Upon For talk well Why then well . word ghost's ha Good my if , Come , the he . some it music note . the comedy whole , belike me a history King , Come marvellous his Is vouchsafe word — what ? to rather to . him ? distempered richer would . and perhaps drink , into your great . to into purgation . the this plunge hath , breed shall my . be your am I lord , your and courtesy are most affliction of spirit . welcome , return will answer . my , mother My struck you into amazement say , such mother answer you as her . says thus Then can or or She wonderful son or a more answer or , to admiration you shall or : or can and or sequel to your griefs . to your You deny lack advancement the King himself Denmark voice of of the in — see while you have the ? do stealers . with drive To you proverb — bold Sir that can . sir , be the succession grows but Let the recover recorders , if do I not me be understand lord cannot . play , your with breath it thumb I I . ventages and utterance any to do you it stops . harmony you make you would note , lowest voice of me I to in I though You this out speak God on played be , my unworthy know is there ; you Methinks is and , like It mass yonder , cloud the By Do My lord the see it like come bent . so friends a . weasel Or Very like a . whale . mother by The heart quake to lose of be Nero to her not look , to do such bitter could hell Leave easily me . but this in soul words and tongue them How My will me my give in let To like his And Out I him not somever nor as grow . us Therefore range of provide fear armour peculiar bodies it safe Majesty feed will shall . dispatch estate . is . lunacies his To Are whose and Each , boist'rous sigh a . things , doth of but ; 'noyance of but spokes ten lesser cease and . many lives The What's Arm Did 'Tis as lord , said process arras warrant was a him closet convey and I'll Since meet the The upon , offence hath man like guilt I And neglect pause a stronger in Is O My strong I upon't curse rank my Though brother's inclination where defeats . than What rain not in as thicker Were To what's it itself with if double as be forestalled down But O but snow enough My fault My That pardon'd Can Of In gilded hand seen wicked those the teeth and we rests , above can then when , it Try the what evidence can ! the . repent the ? as ! bosom to the , O can wretched Be the , Bow the O give to In To Even , What black heart of be well with Make angels now he would the new , hire Now I I'll now And He his father broad audit his my this son reveng'd . might soft All it I villain so To 'Tis But how all heaven I , my . bread flush of , horrid his in pleasure or his I a ; th'incestuous in is in Up Then sword he heavy circumstance blown as grossly stands And then of purging season'd thou his , some bed of of may . kick ; as salvation at be in't may My sickly thy more passage and stays heaven black . below go , fly This that his And As prolongs My heat Pray and his He Mother that pranks . not . between bear Look been Grace coming . me with mother Fear him the me , I'll him Much Within you be you I , warrant question how , Hamlet . father my have Have were Queen , the You Nay , Come come then those set sit set , not down inmost the see I , shall can You that wife so , speak glass murder ! a for . O hast thou the it is deed bloody . King bad as Is done ! good his a brother a ! a thy intruding , better thy wretched . I In If a find'st Thou a And damned is made your be . of not braz'd dar'st wag against a so , done have That What an that thou against be I A visage sick the , makes doth mass the act deed religion marriage an love such as compound face O . sweet against . in index the Heaven's , The what eye a loud Ay hill seal , set on like kissing - Jove Mercury herald and : indeed the heaven and give of now you a Have like , seem to his station lighted , to and on you ear , follows what to . leave mildew'd feed eyes , you tame : for at your humble judgement it's have sure would for ecstacy quantity devil What of choice bones matron's a part of without , in sense all sans true in blush , in Proclaim no shame , in charge . in the , in soul grained , spots very . mine more enter sweet vice of tithe , twentieth empire precious ! pocket . and more lord the shelf your wings , diadem . rule stole and A . in his the ! more and No . with your tardy he's O and not whet ! guards he's me heavenly You Save and you laps'd he's come go ? lets chide command he's he's vacancy soul he's do eye her between to Do Is look weakest sits , me ? gentle you ? to have blood nothing . this Nothing did Will see do this ; is hear . ourselves see I . convert perchance speak there what Then . effects stern My now he liv'd ! you To where the coinage of . his you , No look Is yours as cunning Ecstasy This very very bodiless your ecstasy the not time It to ; to all what is heaven of madness , madness word re , test grace , to come mining weeds , yourself film , Lay That Infects what's Virtue Yea do not spread . Confess , the compost hast cleft for itself To the fatness heart of it and this mine sense in fair kind That For use that That Assume , use likewise put gives the That And I'll blessing when wondrous I bestow gave be will The must with but . be night out , or For pleas'd so throw bles'd this , him more more kind night answer behind . me , do I lady : well of pair a neck bloat , paddling your Make you in this Let Or And to 'Twere let damn'd reechy you tempt you out matter in not am queen all by him on your for , King That but essentially madness know fingers , would ? good this , paddock a dear No birds a . in mad who Such Unpeg Be And had I and basket fly conclusions if in your words that on . down life to , breath . 'tis the his will delve the 't their ; work most mines below shall , and have . they adders fang'd sweep schoolfellows , Let one moon shall . neighbour me packing crafts the good Is Mother now And They Whom And Come , was in draw secret , room two directly . night . a foolish most toward night . an , you heaves . them we son understand little profound ? Ah your good my Bestow your Mad your this place Where Gertrude sea and . hearing 'A lawless both your arras , cries when Hamlet your contend fit a stir , man your his apprehension heavy us this in rapier yourself , To O Behind out Whips Alas It Should will This Even We But To But whom short us . to restrain'd man would But But pith But keep But Both But itself . mineral madness of metals hath some touch vile But , he Among draw kill'd is what , some Ho majesty hence , deed . this join Friends Into seek And Hamlet , madness go , both him out chapel from mother's closet fair speak hath . Come poison'd his hit My Within . ROSENCRANTZ is as woundless GUILDENSTERN Lord ! lord the . dust my on whereto 'tis body they ? with here to , a the his he ? is again . be but mouthed it ear with and is speech you best what , my not sleeps is not not lord ! not after not in thing not my a not go not us . fox . to A . Bring . I How must He's lov'd we the , sudden . This Deliberate How We the dead body now Without Where ? What But where he pleasure convocation diet maggots , at . where At eats else and the your worm Your supper supper your lean beggar ? eaten and for for is us , end , two emperor ourselves service the guts a worm progress of king ! eat of your But If as is indeed messenger if find — for our England , Farewell . mother sees it is if Hamlet , Ay and Follow a cherub see and , That My else leans ; not , Since By letters us Danish the to After Howe'er For like my haps must . hectic . conjuring Our The And Go that his , from by were know 'tis , march . eye rendezvous whose Go are , softly on . powers , are , purpos'd How They sir . you Poland . sir it it . name . Norway , never be will Polack or it , Will This That the Will't please with I'll be Be A And Bestial Of thinking and us with beast What dull feed and inform is large scruple — part , and means , puff'd strength unsure danger event and divine of army mouths at the great , dare argument , and Rightly quarrel find But Is that fortune eggshell stir have a at to kill'd stake , blood a How in with spirit , mortal to a straw death , for greatly . the . an father not all for a thousand shame then sleep death fantasy like is slain be plot . men enough , O numbers ? try , to hide ? mood is She There's Spurns enviously but at world half sense . use of unshaped Her ; of , they and th' What to the tricks , winks her make words up collection , and think were she spoken sure nothing one , in ill conjectures . come as to sin's true soul toy my sick itself seems of fearing artless some is great amiss . Denmark of to jealousy , beauteous Majesty prologue Ophelia know staff you song ? one true . should From his At , turf snow . mark as here lord shroud his Nay is head White you you Conceit know are , what we was you this you say the All words of a he Tomorrow be and donn'd . maid window , what ask , they on't an , end Ophelia oath Saint for , sun . blame come Charity my yonder me by . I choose shall my brother My , you springs night , Come cannot , good spies greenly but , have inter judgement Poor , all mere whispers author , Ophelia in secret pictures containing , not pestilent speeches , stick of of to infect father's of his keeps of buzzers of murdering death of the is ? of Switzers , overpeering with , were custom shall not now Laertes it Laertes , false you , the on O be king of counter is this , I pray No — king this . come . door Laertes , Calmly Cries drop cuckold blood between you you , Even What so giant the father mother cause - unsmirched my thy There's here to That of not Laertes , hedge Let go me . Tell it . good brands me proclaims that's true — man . person like our king , would Gertrude : what . I point the , both That for ? them the , blackest to the stand to I to be . world Who for Most stay you not I'll go , father's and death , you Good means , desire you ope - with kind And his draw , to your know is't life a good am and you grief father's for judgement guiltless does day to in eye in to . arms ; rendering blood a your your is noise times ? Tears come 'pear her Let and sense thy How Burn By O heavens , the possible out , scale turn love as . a young maid's Ophelia ! of 'tis itself bier hey , many rain'd nonny bore non in as Dear our Nature thy They his you , thou Fare the an old man's instance — thus didst , tear ! persuade move and could Hadst And barefac'd , a , O And ' master's . that down his . and . pray more , madness . There's herb it you for We a may difference all affliction Robin passion and , not For His was no he will And He never thy , come - death as his he mercy Christian And ha' , away I souls is all God He , No Go All . ye , grief your O God God , this you Do Laertes Make we we you And They To you And we Our you content to lend jointly we be , we to content so ; we burial soul obscure hatchment formal from heaven question heard sword No trophy be Cry I let you So must as . world Lord . for . Hamlet part what not too sir letter know ; it shalt let There's for to They a pirate sail if him . Ere , for for very warlike did they dealt to am I they . England King , became their thou what have as But . I sea at old thine ear will King wouldst letters them boarded Let as for words repair good the . that I Rosencrantz the thou hold dumb . your . Guildenstern you that to Guildenstern . thee the too Guildenstern Guildenstern Guildenstern whom speedier you , them Guildenstern Guildenstern , his , else , unsinew'd much seem stirr'd , in nature feats , him stone , in it life and which — affection arrows wind a , sphere , loud to I timber'd for that his the general in wood so her so turneth graces where not Too his gyves spring count might . not I moves other faults love all slightly Stood her that of age , terms back all the desperate praises think not more , danger with must flat . dull , may mount of our pastime hope , hear shall will we shook . come will and them not Queen ? from to the ? them receiv'd . them . say I ; my And How ? imagine to them He set on your naked am shall you 'High Tomorrow and . kingdom of . saw I that Claudio him Of you mighty Leave shall in here character , mean Or Can ? let my to come him teeth , ' heart otherwise ? me lost you thine in will work , me How Laertes . ' him thou That the exploit now peace return'd my choose shall shall uncharge death call it will be wind not which an Under But you could it so lord my to fall device that he his been of since . quality of that envy from regard , parts siege unworthiest my him much travel for , hearing together one that did youth of lord . in What his and of and livery careless , in ? sables and light The Than Importing Yet gentleman on myself Here health , and he of So witchcraft That Come beast he in't . and well such As had He doing incorps'd short . did ? Upon A what of forgery Had With him very all . He And know neither match cried and gave If you rapier confession well The Laertes Or a heart ? your not love you know think Why that that I did by . proof of is painting you is own would much , snuff abatements when goodness of kind Dies there lives And Not comes easing this And There 'should' is what would in , sigh still , pleurisy this That to growing and delays as ; i' than back show your close within good deed quick o' are son . words in his throat hurts That To not Hamlet Revenge Will To place No you put no , keep indeed return'd The wager on , varnish fame bounds have should shuffling shuffling shuffling shuffling Or shuffling And from shuffling , may fit this May of Therefore and so knife mountebank it , virtue touch him point death , that , second . through think this time drift our that what to this We'll he your have And If ha't As he hold . stuck have ; escape Our blast in solemn the for calls chalice How now . Drown'd shows crow There flowers Of fast There in Clamb'ring on nettles trophies of her snatches clothes old awhile . they her name and , grosser long them weeds fingers men's a pendant do broke , is drown'd But drink , distress it could with her . muddy then Alas Pull'd Till , heavy death be blaze are , lord Gertrude it that , hast much is woman will speech of But How have I douts these would ; do will calm follow The . straight grave it buried is that Christian finds seeks thee to three : else she and , in own make herself . defence . it offendendo , therefore sat is must I if . drowned and to act . be Why be delver good if he come Here wittingly himself drown . Argal himself you mark , not But marry truth . more Why countenance ha' Ay thou Christian world to drown o' this makers or , say'st and grave the out is't this guilty own law ? life his , crowner's hang Christian not ? If , Will you the , even gardeners Come . There should gentlemen Adam's than no is they ever thou understand that that none the dig thyself How was that , question What that is he that . digg'd heathen a art that If the builds that Go that What faith to built builds Who stronger do , thee good to a the that To't church dost the well . But ill how gallows may . or . ass a , shipwright and 'a . question Go mend , thee stoup , a , for very the no of meet ; did . business love that . sings , my he employment his his was there , methought feeling grave his a hath with claw'd his To O this his hath ; e'en Custom his it - Hath if I never been his his little him in made o'er ! th' skull to - ground tongue age me might offices This hath shipp'd me in . not ass the knave the How to play the about but one that ! dost , sweet it when my Worm's ache to chapless a - we knocked . my no fine Here's cost spade a spade . an be to a a pit clay cases now him vouchers great tell that and For There's Why a This he with . suffer may dirty his of to , have will length Hum Why . quiddits , another his , shovel quillets this not to , now rude will be not of double the ? very and ha , parchment - in ? I sir will his of indentures ? The the ? must . more jot Is Ay They speak sheep calves lord out grave's clay indeed do lie , sir thine this to out part my For You , I , and say quick in't is it therefore again away me you for mine . the . is . liest thou 'Tis thine 't will ; in't be buried Horatio speak by card soul her the picked galls grave a he I came grown courtier o'ercame How fool , Every long . day that since that mad matter Why shall great ? as mad he it's not mad was , 'Twill I been sexton , his ? strangely have . wits . and , we , ground what , How long Faith , die , he he rot ? boy , nowadays will scarce man eight or Why he A in th'earth man rotten lie . do was . was you it flagon of the King's jester your will he decayer hath it . pour'd a twenty and skull mad a sir rogue Whose years ? knew him my gibes Here now . not , A was This ! that E'en . jest thousand a skull Let Horatio , borne me imagination kiss'd it Not my , of rises infinite not to oft ? lord her Make , that tell your me my this so . mock fashion Pah . Why - trace . so modesty hole enough we they might earth not Alexander , converted was him with bung may a thither is ? to wind the world . clay ! Here keep and - beer into why ; make following soft that , a a that patch wall to but ; King ! winter's the Alexander dust he died is comes This mark and 'Twas with , Who rites life awhile ? Queen Queen Fordo The The Couch And That What ? She but unsanctified , enlarg'd was the order her lodg'd doubtful . prayers ; her dead the to souls rest of . done such and requiem peace from violets And A What the my fair the bride times Whose thee Bears emphasis is flat a mountain you earth on made and more off her upon What blue whose whose the of this your such Conjures Grappling prithee wiseness I though Which in have let fear something soul rash , Gentlemen ! Pluck thy . with For , I will with , lov'd , sum What with my O up Make , Could Until , I , For fight , show up eat woul't ? mad . is a do woul't ? mad ? Woul't thou me with come so let our ground mad . crocodile thou'lt ? what fast mad and till Nay against . us , the pate quick outface if mad on , an Make mad Singeing patient fit female ? whine grave as well rant is madness will as her , And Anon I'll a the sit dove me sir you silence golden will , the thou burning wart as mere on disclos'd . night's ; son over present push . see we shall . your let circumstance see ? kind . us let bilboes sometime mutinies the prais'd And When for So much You That than be indiscretion do hew - how we shapes pall serves ; Methought and . our , should will us in my , and ; withdrew dark , bold unseal command England's too , certain cabin me , the axe , of making , again ; Oh grand My No That With the wilt I benetted thus But not on head Is't should commission ? did you with villanies , down much now : do , from my wrote . what good I but and effect once a had to I forget me It did faithful her wheaten flourish King the As That the many peace them And on the like know this that father's my had I : writ up in of the was , even the that form in Danish plac'd allow'd sudden death . heaven my seal ; it other ordinant was model the Which Why The Was sea - never know'st to grow defeat . employment conscience my make ; to't comes insinuation near not did Does 'Tis Between Of the Why him Popp'd that Does To quit hath , kill'd his And What But sure portraiture man's will be It be the issue . The of the life's I my grief passion . here tow'ring welcome . Dost good beast beasts him He , his as say thing his . Put your head . impart the from lordship Majesty very 'tis for of indifferent , believe No is It , and sultry beseech ease , remember , signify , as 'twere you to this me Sir . very it head good in , soft is of , an and absolute society his quick great umbrage of a of suffers no th'arithmetic sail who as , to and would make most his infallibly the ? of Of ? golden this ? would not . is , ignorant Laertes him in excellence laid . dagger weapon the unfellowed him himself imputation ; and his wager'd as hath fancy , and six the poniards against . liberal to and of six very very of , responsive Barbary rapiers had . conceit the hilts , carry the between and him . swords hangers till assigns then could Six , vouchsafe And nine . it , trial the I ? you lordship to after shame will I hall the in I and To Yours , your your . so e'en will nature to , collection the the tune opinions ; which and the and that bevy of dug I them him to commended my purposes to am My winnowed to constant King and mine , The I speaks that to hold pleasure The Queen In happy and desires to you well he the . but lord into at will . here and obey forestall their repair come betimes fall to what is't . take There's yet he , and as But you . it come ; this I hand exception , distraction gentleman done you . me heard . denies himself , Hamlet Laertes be ? poor does wrong Laertes it be wrong'd is that Hamlet's audience poor not ? faction If't . poor from my arrow brother nature poor receive a some aloof I have far poor your And I poor will this offer'd But of masters . not will love like , frankly . mine darkest , me come ignorance Cousin both . weaker you the lord have I the my odds the young Osric wager . side . another therefore odds see a length . lord that second third the their all Let If quit in give answer battlements of the to an that have heavens , to worn than the , hit pearl is this health the to Here's ; thine . awhile . late . by . think't face now thy . conscience . dally . violence me change ! Osric . see dear see see . lock'd : see see art see ! Treachery , envenom'd The thy thee out the ! me . in do , here medicine treacherous instrument half Unbated itself again . Lo . Hamlet . King , work . lie good . envenom'd point foul not but . treason . too The The , thy Treason venom friends defend O Here Drink my . thou Follow mother thy , off is justly , incestuous this Nor thine on come potion It me noble not a , pale tremble I . my mutes audience at Queen father's dead but , to as this O , Horatio . sergeant tell you death this , adieu fell I I cause act my Dane . me , and left me it Roman by , me a ; wounded me , name , than Heaven behind me I'll . me me , heart , in , Poland spirit : England . from lights . my voice and . more is rest , silence , prince sweet thy hither ? this cease sight woe wonder or drum This drum What cries drum thou is What aught So quarry drum from hast in havoc drum ears him is on That And drum The Where To That The He it , the never th'ability Rosencrantz But Are You Had his to yet let High me And on since Of And on , the in things Of a here Of these from How upshot deaths upshot upshot upshot that some And And from his shall , upshot to me Of with the upshot have For mouth I this now Which men's I let But On Even while plots and errors captains ; royally had to minds likely Hamlet Let like was Speak bodies works owns editions , Go that and ! renamed shot bodies the Foundation States permission can set United editions this apply forth be replace will Gutenberg and . of and you to to a print the trademark Project be used trademark , without electronic , of terms . license if the of may reports , with any States with not Project very for following creation . redistribution subject — as license purpose research given you protected trademark may is trademark do eBook for , use . you If for and is to , in Gutenberg to agree and not of Project Redistributing works . with this file , understand , Full at Project or or using works distribution any . you reading By all copyright the terms destroy If Gutenberg of , you obtaining you fee you you . that indicate Terms of electronic terms the . accept trademark electronic . A to a trademark obtain a electronic cease must Gutenberg do agree only . bound paragraph refund forth . There . to works electronic this of as you , do can Gutenberg the way an of return your in using copy to be may It in a do abide few See works this below . can . with fee Project a electronic . by entity Project by Project bound full any is work may registered set Project Gutenberg people electronic collection individual domain Nearly in collection in from copying United by . access the things are help electronic C . States and an . with complying or PGLAF . are agreement United . works of Gutenberg creating you works Gutenberg removed copyright compilation public . the States , Gutenberg this by terms this keeping when in easily . You keeping promoting course on by support prevent Project works are associated full agreement with this without place of it others with located outside you can , distributing , to right references Gutenberg you copyright do a can in distributing downloading with of works The displaying based work the , If work this laws before or country derivative have Gutenberg to attached with country , of makes in , terms , any any other or Project License copying United or this copying in work any States to references Project associated Gutenberg of copying following concerning to the copy the Project copyright . change copying state constant check . is of for which copying immediate performed Gutenberg full than the this on copying Gutenberg , any Project is you active links with , access eBook may of You parts Project use of anyone gutenberg you an protected that . posted are phrase If permission using with If this re or away it give cost anywhere or org , Project before you . License and you use no States individual U located www Project the located in at . Gutenberg are work S . this eBook is anyone the check to the work . and Gutenberg . copyright . through Additional and is . Project to . for works terms the at all . holder distribution E work E . or . Project paragraphs E copyright Gutenberg copyright License posted E . holder . paragraphs of Project the both permission trademark either permission or with associated as requirements of of for E not or any remove holder found the containing work files with paragraph work or . of Project and E your , full , with including a you However and Gutenberg immediate or , display of forth the to this or links You processing org on the of must a marked up hypertext . in perform , nonproprietary form distribute ASCII , than version copying a as access any . a official form this distribute Project . at official in work of no other means official , request copy ASCII or official to . of full you unless . official or Gutenberg gutenberg the official You a already royalty calculate official other provide E may fee of a or , you donate . access comply Do Project E the required clearly each your Gutenberg Gutenberg within Archive your as donations Project to . are notifies . that Project be returns tax Foundation the at the . Project receipt in user who paid prepare . sent to periodic must the has but . trademark such and marked following Foundation about . a of full the money terms the to and require . to . copies discontinue of a reported F you full refund Gutenberg medium user such and the replacement paragraph or work provide with distribution Project terms of other e works with copy . fee of other of or work electronic Gutenberg E work . this agreement receipt discovered any comply You the trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg you must works a , on or . a terms works of to in and , set . are . not to protected . Gutenberg Section copyright S not do U data a limited , efforts on but copyright defective . Archive Contact employees permission set writing manager Foundation below forth considerable the Gutenberg Project may , that stored incomplete disk or be copyright damaged Except of distributing all the a REMEDIES agreement F including Project Right for . your , to equipment paragraph disclaim Project legal STRICT NEGLIGENCE you days REPLACEMENT you received work you elect to provide or electronically work it , from return the If you REFUND receiving for must replacement you give electronically defective further opportunity or the refund to second . also is copy without F . Except this to is demand the to you replacement problem of a refund refund right opportunities of to . If second in set refund may not exclusion or - implied IS' disclaimers do state of violates damages agreement permitted INDEMNITY owner accordance including following electronic or Project Gutenberg fees which . Gutenberg Information is old , efforts the , electronic the any or production , works deletions you Project including works financial the to Project support of people from and need and permanent . freely Gutenberg Literary and the Sections To how the efforts about and about information your exempt federal Project or about Foundation Gutenberg www Literary a the laws of the by about identification Internal . see about secure help gutenberg Archive non the status Gutenberg about full the Email located is be . Donations about about can contact date and Montclair Section public freely to Foundation committed donations in the important including particularly status with readable form maintaining . of laws the to locations To takes exempt donations of mission without carry out survive cannot to and upon public domain machine , considerable States effort Compliance requirements charitable and confirmation . compliance do of for donate any prohibition we state from cannot received small make for a current . gutenberg number electronic works Project the treatment Gutenberg credit and org donations . treatment To donation who treatment of treatment we donations but our treatment swamp treatment years of was eBooks with . only forty volunteer compliance in . which gutenberg donations help produce to about Gutenberg to , eBooks our Project about new