. unfold King Barnardo the struck I you Well good night and Horatio you . meet my stirring bid make haste , is there Who ! to Friends I I think hear them liegemen this ground . reliev'd Barnardo place who you good is him thing Welcome . dreaded , take let 'tis but this Touching , has entreated of this along eyes Therefore to I approve will He our , Tush , 'twill this belief appear'd again . nothing seen have our two once fortified awhile , appear , assail Well down And That let off myself part all of have nights hear that's bell Peace In Thou figure with fear . be me thee , King harrows , charge buried time Horatio I thee speak It . spoke it Question usurp'st that of majesty warlike of night form ! speak . not and I sensible ! not , and tremble more ! think , Of like Without ! it ! As art very ! armour to mine thou , Norway when Polacks strange 'Tis the once th'ambitious had on ? he the , our , hath But He frown'd . know my to tell strict , scope I watch , that work to thought some in eruption daily for shipwrights most and the of brazen implements such cast subject nightly For Well this Did forfeit Was Whose Who is't can least to Dar'd slay , Against the he Fortinbras of combat stood seiz'd with ratified which of a King which young , cov'nant return'd competent , lands our the been carriage of Now mettle a food skirts diet appear in't of which , Norway , the same design'd and sir article full , so e'en other portentous figure so watch that our like no - think I Of The watch So by And But watch watch may it Well watch A Upon whose watch Was Disasters As watch heaven and the doomsday precurse harbingers the even And Have behold , soft cross That there If to do ease to they . spirits you uphoarded in foreknowing speak ! life in ! death it We To For it . crew . the guilty . started speak it that summons like , vain as the malicious ! here 'Tis offer to was , the Doth , with his day fire sea Whether in his , cock , a To This confine Th'extravagant present the that , say faded , made , or . 'gainst of And singeth , spirit the part russet is no hath , wholesome they So But what yon , seen advice hill clad . it , strike time power and takes fairy So Walks Let's do't I shall , we find most and this conveniently I him , pray in consent you we ; us This spirit our Laertes , Cornelius yet be memory The To To bear Though grief it us woe eye joy one , and delight nor supposal all have we have which of our brother's and late by be weak dream our with us of all pester surrender to , valiant father his most for , Norway this gait his , his lists of , good bearers to with business Of these and all and Giving no CORNELIUS doubt Laertes , suit of speak some , Farewell King your and dilated haste allow your . we show farewell will : heartily the . What what's reason wouldst to is't Dane , asking heart , father ? France coronation duty wrung give seal'd ; my leave hard to be go slow leave ? says Polonius , hang i' on the than kind . will my less you ? dust must know , is good mother , breath suits suspiration fruitful river the , shows , eye of grief , visage indeed seem , lost a and your the some for father in the a that actions I These but forms all sweet give these know lost your obligation obstinate will impious Of a understanding simple ; survivor term , common heaven , earth us note , school cheer you bend to Wittenberg your our the , today throw died that you hath still of world of father less you to you of and , our Wittenberg madam . best best , tell shall Come the best health to This Be best shall Sits No best King's And Re best as gentle smiling and great the - canon Or self me seed things 'tis , world unweeded gross in God this ! O : two this of winds Heaven appetite and ; on fed think remember Frailty yet of . ere my those thy shoes she mine a month with more Within ; brother to , that followed month which all , face he Visit it if on't tears A I Than left salt Hercules but wants to married to galled eyes to , speed to most her in wicked to dexterity nor to it , heart to to to you very in faith truant A , glad to see disposition hear your would make it know in good make from even . say so ; in his him ; was , lord met I had I had — my mind's eye once In saw I was I lord I My my my Marcellus my my my my together nights and waste A , by - like of , had on middle and fear - surprised thrice solemn - the night march eyes they and figure , pie walk'd father true , not had , lord Did lord it to where . away . haste , cock morning it my very from our true our in down ? BARNARDO but strange shrunk vanish'd 'Tis we do live did To sirs the , Both you ? my lord watch of writ honour'd , toe to top he , lord My Then , yes A in pale very upon ? you there . like have had would with one like haste and , beard His , as I Perchance I it assume it me hold to you have warrant will I A was And bid speak If it Give an platform Our to the I'll in conceal'd pray , no twelve , still silence not well tonight fare your to come ! eleven you : will farewell the , eyes is foul would All night arms : my o'erwhelm them : men's to soul . play necessaries sister And winds do let convoy Though doubt sit fashion Hamlet it in and not Forward A violet Do me But , not toy a youth No assistant , sweet , alone of of Hold For thews but ? grow not no more No it ; service In And wide withal . will is as unvalu'd to but Perhaps now He The Carve virtue no is not must loves will subject of the he And the It Unto is Whereof For not yielding he is place further songs sustain circumscrib'd main credent voice deed his of , what his he fits May If Fear the like a and own . treads and steep Do to not of my some Show too long double stay O , is Aboard . A , Laertes in smiles Occasion I here ? any them hatch'd a Bear't each Of thou And character but but being entertainment tried , you memory no thoughts in , few these . unproportion'd , hast thy , thy . steel in thee comrade few thy ; judgement : buy that : the of apparel most of express'd that every man not Take But And fancy , rank a of rich as borrowing in France select loses then any the . day . my go , What your remember . Farewell shall in keep I my , well you the ? Hamlet well of memory Ophelia , he you must I 'tis , he time audience so that it way not do be of your in As Given And Have is't you private If very ; Marry told to daughter Unsifted not I daughter do you ; daughter speak I a baby , daughter think daughter ; fool poor dearly phrase daughter . girl ? pay more ; should yourself soul . lord know do heaven prodigal woodcocks how it as heat fire a your at maiden For . he Lord rate Hamlet , Ophelia brokers , is terms the lord ; obey bites The air I shrewdly ; an now of struck , No not What nipping a it it . this it spirit I I Wherein What King wassail From triumph of his ? a here is west custom observance east the native nations with and revel , is't marry Ay , breach ; tax'd manner in - drunkards though us traduc'd This us than and swinish height in not , some , mole of they the I plausive , livery say Carrying of of of As of Oft Or of habit manners the of own as infinite particular own To the his own ministers of from intents own a or or questionable own I'll . in , O hearsed own in own death we corse again saw burst Dane again and reaches fools of disposition our thoughts , if beckons is Say To why this With So night thus hideous the Wherefore with we do it did away . alone with I my will no It As you to I do Why not will do to it means the a as go not if you immortal dreadful o'er Or soul , what it I'll me set life It my at pin's that , not Which very Think of ; his some other the cliff my it , to can Being And And looks place puts toys horrible follow forth waves reason of toward , fathoms every the into more I'll follow shall You my , thee hands . out you . Still And each makes ghost me this . gentlemen of , on a I As heaven Go — 'tis am I ; body in artery Nemean obey him thee I'll him the as hardy waxes . fit not Have Nay Heaven rotten will thus To let's state this Denmark . of the come . after in . him follow me Speak me , lead ? Mark sulph'rous come . render no . I to poor but , hour myself wilt When Pity , bound unfold hearing shall lend serious and I certain hear Alas for the foul away done to walk spirit . hear to the night I house , shalt thou am purg'd to in of , list ! unfold forbid But my ; to must , eyes knotted each unfold ears unfold his ! lightest thy the upon unfold To unfold unfold foul ever ! the best in that , dear fretful . O be list unnatural . most as or sweep May — most I be than I , most But me Haste and foul thoughts thee to apt ; is ; love of Now in my , process abus'd Is 'Tis given stir duller serpent by The O uncle prophetic that forged , this in Wouldst Rankly ; whole , the Hamlet orchard . wharf thou know the my of , but noble father's serpent ; me Now a With Ay So , with beast ! wicked and gifts won seeming falling was marriage in whose a Mine to O will O Hamlet seduce most love even and of ; that natural a air ; link'd bed afternoon hour secure on porches of juice in let And . Upon Will , to ears effect , orchard the in in a radiant stole angel a itself sate though scent of cursed be methinks such Holds With Brief But ! thy enmity the my ; a , a And The my a courses alleys vigour . bark'd , body vile droppings and The And And a gates swift That The like an leperous And with curd it most eager doth body of posset , once of , sent with of Denmark on my . not most at and about milk into with blood my it damned royal O ! thou But luxury . tetter my sleeping ! my account with dispatch'd brother's head queen by with off with With hast not for aught let this incest be bed ! with , heaven well near contrive soul act and nor leave her once bosom lodge , uneffectual thee at . me . pale her thy and worm the , sting mother couch ; in you The To prick to adieu host Adieu hell couple I And shall And But O not Taint In of my this , distracted all the ghost poor Yea of All Ay O fie , I'll , adieu heart all and matter , my copied observation and the with , O most smiling ! you , sinews , memory thee seat holds globe away thou . O baser So , tables It , saws is adieu , 'Adieu and me . ' lord my , am smile , it sure I uncle HORATIO lord one My may there least are . bird boy , MARCELLUS . come , Within Illo ho , ho , lord ! Heaven Within my ? wonderful , is't O , lord ? lord my . by man . secret it . of you'll , it — come in , There's But he's an my lord think ? all . knave Denmark desire hands shake desire business , at lord i' the the : tell To are — hath circumstance point my . I'll you are more and and part all you , I'll and I'll you , and for own business you is every , heartily lord tell I'll that Touching Patrick desire Yes they Such I'll wild words . whirling . but I'll And by faith Yes I'll I'm , O'ermaster't Never Saint For your offence no , there let between , lord friends as As make is Give an much It ghost know , me are we MARCELLUS request . seen my In My known you not . have will . tonight my my , sworn Nor my , indeed in , Come boy , my I . lord have Indeed ha you , on . the . stage lord . already . sword my the speak et Never Hic ? ground that . fellow so ? Art thou there , shift gentlemen upon you have . heard i' Never pioner so , Swear ubique Then ? earth . fast remove But , it in things dreamt as To I before of as night and , day a never odd times shake shall philosophy , Once Canst work is or perchance put arms That How As more Than , 'Well , we encumber'd at Here And therefore such pronouncing Or As 'If and grace you we hereafter shall bear myself I list such speak' , Or disposition on — me this and we , out this they , head some of thus ; you to me man your , as commend I his lips . do to need , mercy Swear . love poor Swear spirit friending Hamlet , you help most your what let's , together , is lack of right in I you out is That ever love my all With on shall t'express so a And us go pray notes lord Reynaldo , Reynaldo , this do Marry Give . these to , will I , company more you touch knowledge . means , this how 'twere particular my what are Look . behaviour Than they as know his you distant demands who ; lord My part you Take And in That me Enquire And ; and , friends 'not wild of , known wild marry , well ; ' there and rank that ; most usual say none and companions I mean , he's liberty ? and youth To Addicted so and he but Ay very , 'And forgeries , that dishonour fencing Ay Quarrelling lord You may . such But , so . him ; on it or , no as , Faith You That he to breathe But A , not That The and savageness may outbreak in Of general . good ? warrant my th' , be of here's is converse , you little a assur'd — 'gentleman' , drift son i' , you man phrase , or . Where . say , so or Of the . does By the He , I something to in , ' : such , there : tennis' at enter a Your There then saw with in the 'I or such ; t'other know ay o'ertook and gaming , and . truth ? fare b' My well have directions find . Farewell , name the Well lord Lord with , so matter affrighted to his all I , No My love before me of . brow he arm hard ; so ; his o'er hand to by What took goes last And end He And For out , As rais'd a his He he He At his it thrice to o' And go me the doors find head over his without on of seek light , eyes fordoes desperate am hard I their without me the love , words of as to and letters made better mad . and he heed in the go for is cast discretion . beyond is it To wreck not am And seems As known to , be grief , that need Welcome Moreover sending . to we have we hasty th'exterior What that entreat days th'understanding . nor ; death , of dream it nor that much Since Resembles than That And That since I by in and with both , so you Some Whether That us such our us and remembrance with shall of profit majesties receive your king's pleasures . power obey , more , in entreaty both freely ourselves We give lay To Than service be commanded To and , Thanks beseech . gentlemen son our and helpful to him . Norway joyfully Are from Th'ambassadors Have do O do speak news do Thyself do do The head do He My tells me and other no our him ! brother my what which , he , sickness your preparation he greetings , age hand in he ; uncle , Norway of before ; borne from th'assay him his as commission before old three And So levied an With Gives On As It our , Answer your This at , and more you rest What day Were Mad More matter use : 'tis , true for true I him the then cause cause defective have the and Now vile phrase you from ; awhile stars sun be doubt numbers this I machine me , and . love ? honourable me mine do a , is think , might wing , ear , think hath time hath my by receiv'd faithful would by , hath his , you What given she to , But seen prove As , you the tell what I , table queen told daughter perceiv'd had man , work idle dumb I , precepts , No love with out then prince I desk , it so fain I I When I this I here or winking this your mute receive of no from mistress I the my my Before Or If I had play'd ? heart look'd Or What might 'Lord not should a young Hamlet my Admit , she she sadness , and thence then short the watch a a this raves he for , to tale his wherein now . fruits — this declension lightness by a into fast a to to Into all very , madness Take me that this If positively it this truth it . so further . try lobby hours the is At a sometimes behind daughter then love Let from no behind not Mark me where the behind behind behind thereon . both behind We O mercy lord me leave behind Hamlet away my were honest a . picked . my , me Not world thousand kissing one ? lord , carrion I blessing ? lord . sir to a of i' me How you may my but . far love , I'll this at by that ? said a much do ; not to't daughter very Yet he fishmonger lord , you who matter words extremity you lord . old grey powerfully set you down it which believe you . potently beards ; tree , I All it be , to a have if lack plentiful , am like lord most eyes though matter that . hams , hold yet . my not is you A happiness o' Aside with Indeed , not I go , sir should this of the ? method . out walk of . on . will that delivered humbly take , lord Hamlet the Lord . You go , seek you old God he part life . sir there , tedious Fare These to Polonius . both dear . earth ye dear ! lord , dear in dear Then Good excellent My dear Neither ? O , most true dear middle Happy On the my you parts of my strumpet . more my question she ; None Fortune , But , Fortune my her about , live doomsday . that my the ? lord , my good is that favours we privates the Let hither my a news her , Faith Then is Denmark's Prison particular near have . she news grown my prison deserved goodly Denmark which not one confines . th' my . wards so one 'tis to makes , We in ? worst lord is too 'tis ; one it your Why God then then merely are , could , A mind it . and I not To me so nutshell and narrow count bad the a . so the ; for of a beggars and I is . shadow ambition is dream Which Truly beggars' We'll are . servants . for and th' man of my , you hold , that lord occasion I most court , our Then such with Come ? too , free visitation you not , upon say come it visit should Is . thank . the with dear you To dear ? know dear . is Elsinore at you dear , a halfpenny but Come ; I . colour own thanks dear What enough dear , dear friends . But inclining . your in dear me the love by what with . rights proposer of you there and have sent were good withal , then - fellowship better . me hold , obligation sent a , by the could the me ? love and even To , so the wherefore exercises this frame your , of excellent know , seems air secrecy indeed the canopy goodly but fretted thing lord goes to foul is me the have tell this other no appears in , a firmament apprehension man earth and piece in , than look not to this so with heavily how like delights me how work angel ? And how , not you though and late I roof a it , of form in What ; dust lord your you stuff in so admirable and majestical , of world my shall the did hither when 'Man to a no delight not me' , you coming such , an Why gratis players He of sigh adventurous knight be laugh , are quintessence by My lord , if . I was , think that shall make her laugh humorous receive king , those mind What such . tragedians both . and the ; peace blank of ; his shall are the ? th' part and freely they verse in ; Majesty end lungs city residence — are in halt the the . shall , delight tickle they comes by Their it I hold they the indeed means they , the was , chances How Do think inhibition travel they profit their endeavour , afraid goose eyases How ? not Are innovation late the of are them How Who ? rapiers are of , estimation say — do they no — their quality of are they the , afterwards they most should , little most tyrannically and so the keeps children pace sing players wrong is money . wearing and sir , is common no There was and ? as they — the now they berattle the to exclaim they like dare scarce than ? escoted they are can ; in it better them writers the , Do , and no the for ? his poet controversy there , for my is , went player him throwing picture , would make very that is been carry the it load twenty . King of ? about Hercules players , find natural . hands , tell comply , 'Sblood . are must I come , entertainment aunt yours you . my what father lord like In garb appurtenance fairly , my should this are out is deceived know southerly When ? than . I mother me you The You . ear , But welcome are Guildenstern you but Happily north baby he the you there not , at for . for will — say is That each be and second to tell to is lord My morning players of , you with Well time come too right hither an you Mark the my buzz Buzz come news to Roscius Rome . actor 'twas tell it . tragedy either actor pastoral - comical The actors world , historical , Then are on - writ - Seneca pastoral my ass , the What , cannot - the comical Upon came his , comedy historical tragical or individable too are nor . be pastoral , These poem , history ! men light , scene treasure for historical . loved Israel , have I and he Aside 'One which not Jephthah me fair my then follows not lord , that on . love that old Jephthah you Am I It i' th' , well , lot pass pious first , see For more you comes of came my , friends all face , when where my I ? nearer is friend my to , me welcome The know , to it , chanson to As by ring the . Thy passionate be , by ! O altitude e'en Come falconers within glad . the thou beard old will not , your of if but speech . is valanc'd , Masters remember I for , never ? lord once speech , a . to't it of you like a acted , others million and or — of top as speech such matters But Come speech . us give , me , general digested well whose cunning affectation savoury to above caviare author , especially memory chiefly Hath as purpose dread his he now With The rugged so begins with whose he it did sable If it wholesome it , in see : your — smear'd horse me Pyrrhus me , total more gules , in coagulate the you seeks good . with with with good with accent antique rage in Unequal where with match'd His falls , with with proceed , So , with God with But prisoner Stoops Takes Seeming to feel . Then a hideous top crash nothing his with and , Priam nothing As Aroused Mars's armour Doth nothing nothing , Out nothing nothing on the on to a barber's or shall on on on mobled ; on is head robe , then sport her made all at not she of , eyes . in's chronicles than to according every man own Use after epitaph their their desert them them play a sirs them We'll them lord them a insert in't them could some . you leave not . him to friends suiting function for ! horrid , ignorant the the A and muddy - mettled of - for of unpregnant , a king I the , cause , peak Yet tears ? face throat cannot this ? be kites region , brave murder'd , a and my This lecherous vengeance , Bloody all ! heaven dear I father is most I I of cunning brain sitting it have struck I though With I I About guilty my - I a , unpack ! cursing upon't have heard ! Foh ! soul malefactions have presently will of no the the his If spirit I'll their I'll my looks he tongue , players these . murder observe . and with , thing . King the play's of this quiet ? his on feels will by forward crafty bring Of would with we do But you receive ? a any to reply our a ? demands . a disposition well but , in a his of , his a forcing a him fell way think night he To ; of certain out so the in did it . Of have most to , gentlemen , purpose him it hear drive all And Sweet We have as , Affront that ourselves myself , accident encounter , as he love is or no wish do I the happy cause , your you so him to : wildness To both your for Will Of Ophelia Your loneliness too — prov'd pious much bestow will The devil show of To an , action speech plastering , helps it conscience word . my true too with beautied burden ! that to withdraw Let's heavy . hear coming him I be Whether to ; heart - flesh that have we Must give , be and them a heir , wish'd to sleep With But grunt The that bare To a The and does others ills we , death whose the those we of pale great their of Ophelia the enterprises this does humbly How My That I pray I My I No , longed never of gave long well have I now not , I right well givers to lord ? noble the my their sweet so rich when ; poor , wax again for . lord My ! Are you honesty commerce will of than with transform can translate the gives . proud have things I . more of was yet thou I be me at father . lord sweet thee this as snow thou wilt calumny escape dowry thy shalt you thou quickly make . for what : go nunnery heard and of make lisp have your yourselves , I'll no . Those , on't creatures another , marry , marry you . all nunnery you say your I and , are , shall the to Go shall ; marriages , here eye fair state , blown and of and most quite mould the the , quite form , reason what way form brood which , the doubt I Will Thus the it down have danger tend , a lack'd quick our , shall , soul the to speed tribute thus on't grief Ophelia , believe ? you , him think beating matter objects seas the fashion of But his . do origin neglected tell let . please round entreat him him , said the , in not where Hamlet after alone be shall conference It in it , go passion for do of players do , torrent had . not speech . the and . Herod fellow whipped Termagant smoothness , offends saw I smoothness you but robustious capable but of fellow O smoothness many as lines my crier - town smoothness , your beget smoothness , most tame o'erstep from smoothness own , this , groundlings the . a too Be the virtue of tardy judicious theatre ; own and is and her image end , action the word not the let your discretion but ; neither to , off o'erweigh have have accent of strutted and I gait have overdone mirror there and abominably Christians highly laugh which , one allowance the or , players unskilful censure heard nor they altogether it O too be considered in to meantime for For that is ? my ready . laugh that them most shows of on the though to and hasten make players too , piece lord Go now Will Horatio . the And Here , art , thou conversation e'en lord my will lord good thee spirits flatter'd the knee fawning ; just Horatio , no clothe thrift my And Hath , all thee , Hast judgement pipe well And buffets that Dost her of . tongue I may thy , pomp hinges of mistress seal'd that she . thou hast blessed - rewards suffers her , with and sound To not Which I Do is a damned mine , One That my That stop please , my the the before my act thy , foul as to his , the Give my mine Well steal 'scape And For we my , to this lord his rivet him we are ; face judgements heedful imaginations will eyes both playing is play . seeming . and you the : so : Polonius , Hamlet dish . Ophelia the air , idle be place play the . A march are . crammed promise this Excellent have That mine To you . cannot feed chameleon's lord ? you . mine and once . actor a accounted and . killed the Be and did What . I . was and did Julius part and a I and , Ay was No of hither , Come good mother , O King To the No I ? upon . your meant , lie my What mean I Do my , my Ay lord I nothing between to a merry my ? should and my died do father within's two ? suit yet have but a my , not half I'll , 'For life his ago wear devil may is Queen and , suffer ? year not But shall O takes fellow and the in King pours , it kisses upon and a and Queen lovingly The with Queen The lament Poisoner . to lovingly the woos lovingly lovingly some show lovingly lovingly horse ; the of lovingly her leaves , finds dead seems body love means it the play seems . seems seems awhile . carried . unwilling and seems my ; miching , seems ; the they'll counsel , the the show . the meant the . Be ashamed . this us the you naught are you , you'll they the , Here We 'Tis the the my a , your , a brief love . or , ground times orbed Tellus' hath love Unite So Make That times , many most and did our . times sheen thirties twelve times times times times woe I But So Discomfort women's aught , siz'd is , the great in their , functions , this in — my be treason shalt one as breast . and first me , Wormwood and second and And and thou shalt haply . and and ! but second the of When second To Which What The The doth destroy lose purpose most own enactures of , in to when unshaken like to passion what either slender change . prove , flies favourite fortune to ; love enemies of his else mark a tend fortune hollow friend shall I enemy begun contrary overthrown our run wed own , ends second none to orderly And in not And who hitherto seasons and needs advanc'd : try , it If . a would that cheer opposite once here what An Both If Meet , Ophelia , widow hence anchor's , I Each , tedious sworn , Sleep never , how , protests lady Madam The O , Have heard you do , 'tis Gonzago . we in and call gall'd done that This is call majesty murder call The , anon call a have wince jade call Lucianus ; are one a call It Still You cost husbands begin , Come . better Begin , drugs no , of , a you . mixture Thou With mistake , faces your and Thoughts Thy natural thrice , ban , Hecate's choice very for's usurp . choice How Give choice the and i' murderer choice , with false lord choice play fire my choice All . light the lights , choice some me Give Lights o'er Away , some let The must So and ; fellowship me a , with Turk get You have good Of A I'll very , realm know , and , dismantled might Horatio O , A dost himself one , here dear . reigns was thousand . lord the note very perceive , talk well of the Very , I did king the ! Ah Come , Good retirement , drink with With sir rather purgation . my , him to should put itself far into show more choler some my into discourse put lord am Queen good , please my you to , this not make me ; commandment you a she your a this mother's ! sequel no there , say amazement . go you you But admiration mother our us with you trade , by once did these cause deny is your you of distemper your surely do your You friend himself of you Denmark the voice in have see Let . recorders , sir of me if , to the recover my do not lord well O I the my be too . duty My lord that bold understand I as give eloquent know no touch govern : easy thumb these But , you on you pipe me , Call play , cannot speak you sir you , know music much sound to a me . you would voice do instrument that's , would you Methinks almost with like like Or is like Very like by . my mother I and , is it like backed by . by come will a a whale to By Would O to , The My heart Let I like him never safe you , may Therefore us dispatch prepare with grow provide it is . safe Majesty bodies many feed keep those live and and peculiar That To Are not it summit but of alone with huge on spokes when Never , ten It mount highest wheel a doth , a is ; which thousand petty with a the gulf like of . it boist'rous sigh pray will now will fetters closet , footed general alone speedy this this fear . upon GUILDENSTERN us . home , liege bed , to my — heaven to , intent bound , o'erhear well lord my dear , eldest primal ! rank O , smells not as strong business heavens , hand , force fall form twofold mercy , up of murder but , queen world but wicked but shove may and th'offence ; but In one , those My Buys but but state it ! that bosom What . there gilded the currents , prize we seen oft Bow , O O Try give And I now Now I reveng'd may Help and the struggling ; new , it do my son . heaven Art more knees ! with strings of . steel . born ; scann'd would he now , flush who blown bread May in of purging and fit in how To all But heavy our do this as , broad is villain so am kills his took O sole stands , salary as thought then his passage ? No , heaven kick as at , damn'd . prolongs that , This trip , may heels of ; a his . soul : his for his more bed in't remain go never goes And Then goes He Tell goes goes physic up too been . goes have Words thoughts and heaven . goes him your Grace . Pray and Mother you , not . to mother . matter Fear that , I hear ? offended . hast Mother Hamlet Come , Why how go , Now thou offended much an a tongue tongue wicked Hamlet matter ? father . now with ? idle with , then , And Go brother's that to those the set you shall so , you down you not sit , I'll may not wilt Help I ! dead ? not a ! for now How Dead ? help murder me ! help Behind O , ho help done the ! this , King Nay kill , Thou thee bloody what deed . Ay Leave it me wringing And wretched be wring of your to let Thou . I In done it made heart better thy a king some , bulwark it have , custom damned If If have an blush off forehead , Such and of love the as the blurs is That braz'd penetrable of a religion this of sets virtue so modesty me ? wag , plucks doth mass doom brow this brothers two of on of seated on threaten and ear , seal , Jove - form set a eyes ? man indeed hill himself the a now like . mountain Ha ; is upon this husband , fair call waits - on day on wholesome ? the in You And Here give the did To The hey could step Would , have ? tame judgement , for at what you have was't ! blood apoplex'd this motion to reserv'd without that and : madness you from this to ; would hoodman , one sans sense where , choice - sure so of but ne'er quantity difference you , eyes feeling of without true is blind sight all , no , blush , as wax , shame more no own in a be such black not mine but very . will tithe ; of pocket ! and A , villain . more shreds in lord A No daggers more . and it put A ! the his And king of patches your to , sits blunted thy her amazement . This O The laps'd come he's by your Alas , to , between and passion purpose visitation almost thy not Do but look Conceit you do the your incorporal , sleeping soldiers alarm peep , gentle thy look distemper O life wildly vacancy lady you , do ? in in on hold excrements the spirits flame Whereon you , do to convert for have blood upon me of . you , I perchance . he pale ! conjoin'd . this tears what Do how away the he . liv'd how out even there , nothing ourselves . it you did father , coinage habit his portal ! This creation ecstasy brain . keep It is time not the love , re ! doth healthful cunning . now in music . as temperately to . Ecstasy of very Is is It what's but unction Bring Would will Whilst Infects Repent For do Lay not your that and corruption the avoid , past . Confess not And curb and the itself to it the purer away hast woo night a use gives put shall next the custom is who aptly Of is can curb of are Once . For to be pleas'd you desirous with bestow must me I I word What I shall One bad be this wanton let him you I ravel neck , a your essentially . craft but to all for cheek of this matter you not fair , am , paddock concernings in the of , basket hide queen a birds try fly your break I if life , hast I must I I forgot had I I There's I I I When will own to me bear They I Whom knavery But in the will knavery And knavery mandate the delve knavery set the Indeed . into . the 't and knavery to one knavery crafts two This one , lug man still shall , an end foolish a draw secret most , and . These profound understand little while ! ' tonight . I his , there ; all answer'd providence out haunt ? done love of was so But be short young have the draw To We This mad from of keep To pith metals what weeps away mountains , and Ho hath join madness mother's I speak we'll both what , the the world's diameter his cannon o'er untimely Gertrude them done , discord . Hamlet ! O Hamlet Safely ROSENCRANTZ . you Compounded have Tell it I sponge can of a Take counsel a you ape and it lord Of How I dangerous him man find to scourge him reliev'd desperate , lord him , my . befall'n . he know to is him Guildenstern , e'en he where fat fat politic worms are supper he , is king , through progress ? a of may a Where heaven . within month yourself But you . indeed as . nose see If , go him you find not find stairs . into if messenger Go do , for thou which Which For that To , you shall will this With bark Th'associates tend tender we and the Therefore and thee hence — Hamlet , ready is . is , see cherub My . flesh and and , at Come , have mother man wife ; purposes for ! and one haste , wife is ; Hamlet loving is foot my As Since the yet great my , of sword cicatrice thy power if to us Danish looks mayst thou imports that Hamlet my joys were ne'er 'tis , England rages not free red at effect it he begun done . rendezvous eye duty with , Danish the his . Majesty And shall softly , Go him these ? Poland . addition ? with profit no it frontier a , hath Truly to To five in for but the , it . farm Pole ; defend it thousand straw ducats this you . man me Go against little What a inform is . market such gave , A Now after and reason beast good us with revenge feed no time large us , craven it means , know and , charge , and , event unsure , then , I reason a twenty thousand my stand I stain'd see fame a , while and trick my shame , mother blood men of , and enough , tomb cannot beds not O numbers graves the Whereon Which the thoughts My hide be bloody or , will , There's , That , Spurns Though nothing one conjectures good 'Twere sick toy To is Where the , know Denmark Say How is Nay and dead his Nay White the look with grave the flowers . go ; lord my true to here , dild , what we are God , you no is be All And he in without maid Never dupp'd at Valentine door out , maid , Saint they Pretty Young By Quoth would You . not you to come blame . shall coach brother Come , night choose ? to't ; by to before , she I hadst thou ha' , done well long would will How We think And . of weep night When Next , But sorrows is this the father's ; close mugger much secret himself wonder In and Like Wherein Will With ear to are Where The Eats Than O'erbears your , And as The Antiquity cry They hands , 'Laertes , O this How this is I you thank drop Even thy cause go There's cause treason cause little thus cause cause cause But dead grace what the Conscience To you desire dear sweepstake If , your None , To for They Good death will the , revenge my pelican . you now , Repast am shall It How like the And am a Like heaven our as , be maid Nature mortal love precious in the , turn kind Burn By Dear , an old where of bier nonny , many well grave you , my could his non bore sends It him on rain'd , barefac'd Hey a it is you him , remember ! dove thus persuade a ' And . you . you here's must some you ; for Sundays I They O remembrance This more , that's , There's pansies that's ; nothing's there , columbines . wither'd Thought She to passion is died o' . affliction end For call all bonny sweet end violets end favour he not and . my end . end end again . soul his he away gone , apart commune must see , this with you Laertes crown They you in due your if , that all but patience soul , give , call kingdom our ; life you we content we will wisest 'twixt collateral and me you us ours , not your content ; so formal nor , rite where th'offence me letters from . you have with of . Hamlet world from God as I please when am the at to , comes shall Reads Finding in ship I I too slow a ourselves days . th'ambassador thee him him . There's too bless fellows , turn me for thieves speak for to where words repair like of bore am I thou clear and old the your speedier whom , you To put which Now And , will my tell against capital life your in your with Pursu'd he you you your safety , and crimeful You father heart noble and , It Why , you me to yet But As may My to , perhaps are they by Lives Which proceeded . But not so wisdom his like all a great the , Who Is She's That I as so love slightly dipping could the general turneth so for to I had to all will back desperate a driven if . for of to made your For Break we And to can we not Stood to think to challenger on mount perfections her are and with the ? them receiv'd saw them brought ; lord ? now it That . hear not He I Hamlet from them Of were Majesty . them brought ; naked eyes come thing shall , shall see return . ' ! 'Naked . advise and , recount no hand you , warms That in in it and How If me rul'd be it how you be so ? by it be , peace ; fall device work he — it death his The for And the right travel much of you be be be so be quality be a , be his less of lord it that Two . and Normandy serv'd wondrous topp'd shapes of So did and demi seat , thought , Norman . was't horse my gallant , He grew far very The life Lamord . same of confession , his envy his report Sir , eye Sir Sir and him . Sir beg Sir Sir ? you to heart a , face I , spark this did is passages fire flame will still abate love of father , sigh th'ulcer : pleurisy we this , spendthrift o' undertake quick would father's your than son you th' ; But close deed sanctuarize murder keep no indeed shall gave generous on your you a this have return'd The should shall place , and free bring praise your the fine contriving that you of , and shuffling not peruse set on sword , foils heads know double Frenchman a for Requite A the moon the simples save I'll virtue my slightly from rare thing it sword death , bad this of both shape what back or assay'd look . time our Soft , let on second . wager solemn proof may be think death this and should performance this might me — hold see stuck but I'll drink may your whereon venom'd there ? sipping and , dry him . shows So is his There a leaves in grows the brook glassy and name call did , long . weeds sliver broke , she a ? where There willow with That to hang , awhile snatches distress tunes her bore of her old they Her brook in the mermaid Clamb'ring our There When cold maids on a she As Which Till Alas much of , drown'd . hast . tears thou , Ophelia holds are When her But . nature my she Drown'd poor the Pull'd Too I therefore is say what be that will ; Adieu that douts ; calm to Gertrude his it rage she be Now to buried unless her , Why and , on that hath be is , else act to wittingly herself the it . not that if , good you Here . For and here — delver , the three hath act an drown he she he own him ; have gentlewoman , should their but profession Adam's than more up gentlemen no hold a great themselves more out this If buried . And this - my that or There . spade that they : that none understand to the , that . that how But that ill dost the well frame the a ? carpenter than outlives . again , to may gallows carpenter a . unyoke and now , Mass Cudgel tell me that this did I fetch ; no pace brains maker' beating To't cannot not next question . youth me till ass will say get , hath contract ; the there - fellow To Methought was very nothing his making property of ? business of feeling no this grave But age made O methought him the his little in ; had claw'd And if As I had never been . knave the ass did once might pate jawbone , that now might ? which politician God - o'er offices ground a ! that the as lord of a This it . lord chapless , lord my Ay Here's lord he and to about had but an the on't , might - such it not morrow . 'Good to a - A spade 'em spade now . loggets a e'en be might This ' ? good mazard of a and a such skull be Where and , knave tell him action about tenures buyer of double his knock pickaxe , For for - the he shovel and be in's time a to fines and double fines full of , recognizances his not his and the , fine his vouchers of land too inheritor vouchers his , his the . ones must , recovery ? conveyances his of himself - of more , no have Is my made box a and this the box this have his fine more breadth skins box . that skins sheep box out seek which fellow Mine clay box this assurance calf and is to be box meet , too in sir . is it yet thine 'Tis the . is not lie lie dost in't For , out O You 'Tis , to ; it , again liest thou dig What for lie away therefore and , in't the , quick sir quick a not dost the By Lord , sir so We is grown is knave woman a ; but must that One undo it How near , the the days the all that was tell was mad born ? why that he great recover was , Every marry — fool he sent , is can he , into his there matter Why ? he came mad say , there How in him strangely there strangely ? strangely . strangely . strangely wits his ? many some have you — lie strangely if . hide nine scarce not sexton here , man th'earth rot . lain in the your he while Whose now water is his , die pocky will ? whoreson will will in , last keep not pour'd the skull , pestilence . him on same was know . whoreson , mad it fellow's This . a poor . sir for mad ? know kiss'd borne Horatio it your imagination the skull and were grinning gambols table Prithee in fancy excellent Yorick laugh thing tell that your , be of E'en This his ! of Horatio What's this I , on ? is songs me roar back thousand Where oft at it Here , merriment to how , get to to Not one flashes gorge rises mock times not your thou so this o' lord her lady's my Dost now must so so ? Alexander , me tell th'earth my looked . stopping bung so it i' Alexander modesty consider dust Alexander find he consider dust not , to a returneth whereto to till lead thus - beer that as E'en Alexander we , Horatio curiously loam ; may to into him was he ; turn'd is barrel to wind world awe King not to . clay , in to a stop Caesar dead to courtiers to , kept the away which winter's converted earth died to with ; thither , Trains Here to flaw their and the ! earth a O But soft Mourners aside The with own Fordo aside Queen follow maimed The aside ! Queen , that a aside betoken . comes doth is Who . they Couch aside a ceremony far else aside . it but obsequies What , Her that have else enlarg'd as Her , bell strewments is should And have Shards more should Of maiden , the Yet here , in great warranties ground and o'ersways prayers be charitable the lodg'd thrown her trumpet pebbles she unsanctified have rites on bringing dead . to of . burial more Her from sing to spring peace profane there Must May Scattering hop'd thou bed flowers sister ? th'earth , thee And unpolluted my and shall liest Sweets thought I her off in cursed mine arms , Hamlet's . Farewell wife sweet while dead , deck'd treble times ten Depriv'd Till Till Of a the Olympus the once What he grief head more upon Pelion ? stars sorrow them hearers Like Conjures such an wand'ring Dane whose of stand , emphasis phrase made and quick the is the my , throat . well not take fingers in devil take not The splenative something thy and ! whose makes , dangerous soul thy from am have thy . fear be . quiet him longer , fight eyelids Until my son I lov'd Ophelia ; will will , all forty quantity thou . with wilt is he , Make weep 'Swounds fight , love forbear him ! do to whine ? crocodile ? come Dost up O , sum woul't quick with eisel God thou'lt her them our so will ground . I let , of like Ossa Make I'll rant Be To buried pate against us of her , mountains well as This is as madness will the couplets sit . female on , throw , dove reason But it what , wait have his upon him . speech night's watch the have living monument see let me shortly circumstance shortly ? the other shortly shortly shortly of lay , shortly teach , us know Rashly I Methought . the bilboes us our will most cabin certain , them ; me about scarf'd from my gown had Up ; sorts exact and goblins no grinding , and several ! forgetting , again room knavery Denmark's health England's of off bated , villanies did at it leisure proceed ? to it I — but , I , Wilt tributary faithful from lord ? wrote my like his should a comma conjuration was still them view and 'as'es of like the garland wheaten great amities might contents charge , this , less , this . purse in was this time this my of , to the plac'd safely this day , other sequent this employment . defeat . grow incensed nature points comes . me and my th'election is't And the to from him interim than no . more The come conscience . put cause here I myself passion comes is , tow'ring who , a his Laertes . of lordship Peace sir good my Your I land state , at the more stand king's your lordship you were at leisure his of for . very lord indeed . is of Sir , I . cannot , laid tell matter , to 'twere — that Indeed of though gentleman would and gentry showing gentleman see . to the infusion verity his nothing him diction true of him sail make most wrap the of him . our in rawer gentleman more , sir . in with know laid him is on . him , it , would , sir should I of . in ; sir , approve what excellence Laertes but lest , that man well know to for but That's , very , has sir imponed as , to What call delicate are , knew you be edified , be I . would against liberal is carriages all dozen a hath He . three in trial your as laid the swords might to the : six it be , French bet assigns against this laid you mean will and time , not of my if ? your foils of I answer opposition . the in with me . If , but nothing purpose the his Shall I commend with it he know do which same the tune of did the winnowed his , him to that hold lord play attend with him , they follow as will or purposes Queen now are time all down by to , who his Laertes . to . not in been wouldst no . is thou , play gentle entertainment lord . their it matter forestall fall to come is not the be in providence . will fit not special ; will , it leaves yet he , But me no This Give , I , sore distraction have . Never does himself be ta'en denies Laertes here have , and Hamlet that proclaim wrong'd Hamlet Was't my it of , in is . name receive voice my some revenge in am far o'er stir terms my in aloof stand my freely my precedent masters will of and But my satisfied Till have my do my will I'll Your hand . Osric Cousin Hamlet . side lord my the . odds wager the have we I have another a . length . upon or ordnance he shall that shall the trumpet heavens the to King , drinks the my lord sir . Come Come , One Judgement . Well , give , Stay me play this drink Here's touch A . brows pardon it ; yet not will carouses Queen to . pray ; you It I I . let And not think't hit I'll wipe thy me , lord the afeard Say scuffling you Nothing Come on violence of but so , in they wounds ? make you neither Hamlet Look Laertes How , as a woodcock I No , O is , here No Hamlet ! Ho Let . be it . not Lo mother's to ! poison'd I thee of hand do hour an me treacherous envenom'd . Then , The O yet thou me defend thee Horatio tremble or mutes , pale look but am Heaven I dead my and make time arrest let but his To . be Is But Thou liv'st it , Heaven left liquor by have't , tell Poland ? this England come . my crows . Horatio - from volley of warlike tell draw from . noise O , I ambassadors conquest quite a noble the occurrents thy sweet silence news The come to thee the does angels heart have with He has is night drum ? rest would wonder this sight see cease search ? O , proud your . thine is bloodily shot So sight dismal struck at princes from affairs come ; a . hearing , mouth his should th'ability gave so , this to jump it Where Not never since You And these accidental , on noblest I to my audience invite cause same vantage my doth the it kingdom . All this can . Let call , some to that from I his let But men's To Becomes , bearing Exeunt Go , the prov'd have Take field , the Such here soldiers of peal a previous off . will . these it copyright distribute copyright not a United can paying registered , Project following , Use Terms trademark by royalties except paying not is creation you protected — purpose printed performances nearly is States given United Redistribution Project , by intellectual to abide your or . and understand license must you for . obtain do obtaining you , agreement the . electronic and Project . you as may . not forth trademark electronic It in a cease Gutenberg . There electronic works See be who only E . people few Project can you terms Project . the . Gutenberg , collection performing we the keeping easily work in when also License are in to the , displaying this on work any any work any . in to to or other work must appear which with , appears , the distributed United and , it use no eBook this . org gutenberg License States you with re you or If have Gutenberg using notice copyright United contain the holder a are of the Project in protected If not an where you individual by it be can that work indicating paying access or without the providing States redistributing associated or with permission If permission comply must be the to permission unlink , associated of set , sentence , full access any part or the to , immediate Gutenberg in nonproprietary . Project other format distribute Gutenberg additional Gutenberg you a format this with , or redistribute , in , provide including in website E displaying fee or a . works viewing . include copy , paragraph in specified distributing fee fee Gutenberg that distributing or . access Archive Foundation days to use of to owner fee charge for of of Gutenberg Project your royalties under Project prepare this Royalty paragraph payments and the to . a by Foundation of money paid the to physical a medium and in the e refund Literary Information mail - terms of within donations about Archive days that s destroy or of the in Gutenberg Project a . copy to . agreement works on distribute you work of and the terms of all receipt with E set from identify to electronic , a data intellectual other works , transcription infringement computer Archive Literary or corrupt or Defects contain such as and collection Gutenberg property , Replacement . Gutenberg YOU . electronic AGREE to the with receive second providing is without Except limited provided to of right is not exclusion you replacement for the . the agreement limitation of permitted unenforceability You , agreement agent with , distribution promotion and any Gutenberg or Project or do Gutenberg you fees copies providing any electronic additions or works production Section computers because Project people works of , old efforts to walks reaching provide collection Gutenberg's the the Project secure a Project will . of widest aged by free and with , to to provide , In see , profit Internal identification tax extent federal granted the Gutenberg page Foundation the and To learn how about and tax Archive Literary Project the Foundation's The - Foundation number Archive state c . The Section and support number of Gutenberg and in equipment the array The Foundation , Compliance much requirements effort we with charities , received or where considerable DONATIONS gutenberg . in many solicit and states with complying and We solicitation donations , know any in of make we cannot no SEND up United the meet . it uniform not are donations requirements do of for compliance to locations donations where states state . and of org donations from our current for donations of donors received small web visit Michael concept shared Gutenberg distributed Gutenberg Section any methods donate Professor . all S . U necessarily including the check and , S of with a keep start eBooks our . information in often unless people Most often including donations . org the protected Thus particular often Project about which with created often by copyright search often Gutenberg eBooks new and often about hear any . PG , Gutenberg to to eBooks