me , Long live the King . unfold Stand Stand . Stand Stand Stand Francisco , Stand ? Marcellus make . stirring at had quiet ? this hear If think my you do meet Horatio , Stand them you . honest my has farewell , A Horatio What , him . Marcellus of this awhile Sit if have sight but our hold take belief Touching He may With Last the heaven this of , of part one now his bell thee then burns The break the , like the to speak ; scholar not it Thou Most of By majesty fair buried I heaven which , Horatio it spoke to . the me It would . Did art time Denmark night charge this it speak will gone , something not you ! tremble fantasy ? on't more ! look avouch ! true not mine like ! this ! believe than You Horatio , What not Is Such When the very on parle Polacks the before twice Thus on ; the once and strange sledded , this our . not , hour to He th'ambitious when combated , to gross down same , this , thought some the ice at gone particular , impress that task week implements ; war observant land cannon of of brazen subject for - toward is't I Doth And And This now Who make So nightly toils What image know ; prick'd on by , be divide mart the least can day haste with . appear'd ; emulate of to Our labourer ? can but side the you even a in of this Against the which , a cov'nant design'd the , same , there , heraldry and life of ; which the all , full some which lawless hot sir of resolutes other our here , well doth stomach hath skirts of , to I recover the , terms father Had His to And carriage . mettle enterprise , hand strong up the That , in Shark'd For to diet and think may through , question our no other and watch , foresaid of of watch this The by - be it watch rummage the the watch , fell state blood watch mind's Rome . moist watch . eye the , streets Roman the mightiest trains with The A most high is little That was and tenantless ere Did stars As In heaven to the earth our Unto , hast I'll But any If That may Which there any sound to to art thee thou cross If , soft to thou do ease , and . or , thing me Speak thy country's may . privy happily thou in O which If Or , Stay , you Marcellus speak my stand ! strike it and ! 'Tis the being ! not 'Tis it if Do . mockery , summons I guilty crew thing . morn , at made , erring It faded This confine , our Wherein Some present of a to that , like , or spirit his with To , Awake the in object of fire on . dawning witch hath in do gracious and nor no spirit planets to ; time the it . is then of the season . ever that say Break Let dumb Hamlet we loves for will , us to consent Do you , I , we , do't , Lords our , dear that , and , hearts be Yet memory Though bear Therefore With Now Your late late late follows that along you late know of dear our worth death , message late lands of . pester of and disjoint late the this be not with fail'd dream surrender , brother business , impotent and late of : those bonds all time rid have , to , purpose - of here , scarcely Fortinbras all suppress , made here we and nephew's herein full this Cornelius Giving lists Out of , you proportions subject of his you , the , scope Norway . asking ? thy heart thou reason of suit what's news is't the the of us told lose And bow thoughts And From He Upon you seal'd petition I will his By , them your gracious bend duty my to Have My Aside is lord that the much I , clouds and on hang than thy be son ! thine time , my less ? sun . Denmark the . die with be , not know , is it inky of suspiration suits my so customary alone Nay Nor Seems Together madam Nor No Nor actions , duties father for But some to a . most a shows stubbornness condolement is , sorrow , and your nature of , to your mourning commendable in his lost obligation filial obsequious will peevish fault a 'tis our thing vulgar in ? most , dead and , you immediate nobility to world throne love note , us of For Wittenberg in desire : intent our of , our , eye . reply come , Hamlet whereof tell best , best . best best , bruit shall in accord today best best again , not dew had . flat , stale me all self weary to Seem 'gainst His Or How canon Possess months merely to it Hyperion So But two to excellent Let mourn'd , which month on't ; on fed think all father's Ere Had But She It Hail , is With I And Horatio , or I see my , poor good name you , Wittenberg , sir ? Horatio ever my that , Marcellus see My . Wittenberg with ? my depart . your father's you ere your your . your upon wedding . your funeral tables your bak'd your in Horatio day dearest The foe , my had furnish , my thrift coldly had met ever father my seen , My I In saw I think upon ; I , the father father King ? Saw He take ? Upon King Season attent of marvel the witness I while deliver . gentlemen ! Who . yesternight my lord , and With let me nights God's For In , Goes Within Almost their slow Appears at and to truncheon's jelly speak , not the fear watch , and address it yet would , did not you My it , platform to made lifted It But But the 'Tis very . away . did head none once answer did , shrunk our honour'd writ know Hold We , indeed you BARNARDO watch , we live the you Both Arm'd do Indeed it but lord . me . Arm'd lord not to my yes , wore say , top From saw , fix'd his you . sorrow more or , would would ? Most there And I , BARNARDO . it . Stay'd very like Very It . no life watch sable silver'd walk Perchance seen when I warrant I will grizzled have . person though peace hitherto tenable have to was And bid speak If me If the platform visit loves 'twixt your whatsoever be you Let to . you and . well come rise ! well not night the is to your honour . as mine farewell : hear as from winds the you ? not , are necessaries his in of do trifling the fashion and me is convoy And Hamlet a Hold more not perfume but grow . more more waxes and Perhaps soil but mind he ; weigh'd is you now more own temple , more more state birth : more ; whole of that , loves ; his do depends circumscrib'd be as , his to unvalu'd ; his the head and health of yielding if voice what heart his To Ophelia , rear it prodigal unmaster'd her shot maid 'scapes she chariest the fear credent keep loss deed his in , or further no songs open dear sister , affection . moon of disclos'd not of be buttons most liquid imminent fear else none good lesson keep . not good pastors do not , not libertine reckless rede not . me recks like Whilst not Youth near heaven my comes your , thy , aboard leave , dalliance his not . father sail shame grace ; second upon a ? voice judgement : that be and the loses to oft loan above as own the man . day thee in any self of edge both and borrower dulls nor both take my go I , and lender best a both the of oft husbandry humbly both , both . both true ; both it . remember you , of . well ? of . the he been you ; very to , Marry private not is between behoves you ? daughter and your the so . truth made . many honour and must — free put I as — me If As Affection Unsifted Of , my you clearly . bounteous most so 'tis caution Give of , You understand his it What ! such you Which , may hath — crack ta'en teach sterling , the think for wind of Tender you'll importun'd . with me tender me to lord . the , countenance to blood the Even You more the to my go , this ; time , Lord . is extinct blazes soul daughter , in a maiden so dye implorators like to in beguile sanctified , walk ; which of and is moment with any . This , Lord . brokers Hamlet may they , investments In he that tether pious larger a with Do The so words , slander talk you suits ways your shall bites air ; a is heard Wherein ? Indeed No spirit the What Keeps The as wassail King doth , triumph a , rouse draughts his bray out here west down Rhenish drum custom of ? native is the and nations of indeed attribute men of chances in of and though and our From clepe us drunkards with than revel traduc'd achievements Soil This in addition So birth cannot wherein they mole and height , forts of not them , at our it vicious of pales , the say Nature's else , plausive some breaking Oft By their down of I Doth , all To my lord Look Shall Being infinite particular thou thee Angels general substance scandal blasts damn'd , charitable or and . a Thou I Be with Why Have That To me not ignorance O . in burst thy Wherein , dead corse shake ? Wherefore the , why Say With Making thus up thou Hath thee op'd burst if It Look with a It As you beckons To it some go impartment did , desire . means by , what go not No But do It What Being me you forth life immortal what set waves it thing again o'er beetles to Or might Which his of sea cliff horrible into other ? of into desperation the fathoms , many motive so it follow , hands I'll Hold not your go lion's . thee lets . follow of , nerve this , body gentlemen me . follow what state will in is Something , Have ; He fit this come ? go I Mark ? rotten let's I When me thou up flames . hear shalt . hearing I thou to , What the Are To tell I burnt purg'd secrets tale stars start lightest of fires , nature , walk fast spirit to done confin'd father's to term crimes for the the harrow thy two up a and like ; from to hair upon eternal . God thy ever didst O ! most the strange in unnatural . is , of revenge the to apt thee , Denmark of , life youth of thou thy but stung serpent Is abus'd serpent , prophetic his sting process know did that O Mine of ! whose even with decline , as , a Upon mine Though , lust I To So , in a hand in wretch made to , witchcraft , wit The O From it , falling dignity , mov'd ; link'd angel never gifts poor were heaven air morning orchard shape a radiant garbage celestial a in And prey . Sleeping of hour hebenon porches cursed my enmity it , bark'd vile with tetter So blood instant wholesome most like , crown my a and thin curd And Of life thy those sting , adieu to shows nor Fare well near . else my ? a memory thee , copied alone observation commandment and , of , brain shall my live heaven , records fond all , all . most O villain tables may least uncle it smile is , I , Meet . there pernicious . and smile baser villain . one That . My O . Within . It . Within Within I have MARCELLUS . my , lord Hillo Within How What news lord I , my I say But Nor then , Ay There's How Why so You you ; Look every your , it For man business we shake go pray , soldiers . will good , one me may this me between ? request , poor you MARCELLUS seen . in faith . tonight have and we My faith In , the under . Art in . sword you gentlemen we'll . ubique to old , A There Than are , strange perchance an such put To , at thus , some pronouncing by arms With 'Well are How As I or before , of odd you times or could , not need help to you do to , gentlemen Swear . commend man and . of was it cursed spite pray I O . That The And willing still t'express shall your his do him Of you Before do , What this ; who encompassment and what , are . it intend Look you , sir , keep , nearer him I , very put none marry mean well ' ; take , friends it , touch will you — as Than thus in And 'And in But dishonour forgeries sir ; noted wild heed you he if't be Addicted please may , or Ay My , That's must That my they and scandal , faults as , would may You drabbing drinking dishonour in this you should Wherefore , believe I my As , you little Mark him , my th' , warrant drift would prenominate you a slight consequence ; or the , seen Having Marry party in Your 'Good He or Very He And man , in closes The sir youth to Of was about What to was , my he . to . does good then does the ' country phrase . 'gentleman' ' 'friend ; or the . I , you say the consequence At Or or He enter , brothel 'I There then he gaming , reach truth sale' ; t'other know and ! ' . and , as , not ? have my former me lecture directions , day , you — music lord his . affrighted lord . matter been I as with , knocking , purport of piteous comes out gyved so he before his ankle , so unbrac'd stockings his doublet God ? do truly , I do not , a of horrors had he if look sewing was I , lord As speak with and - been foul'd , said know My He ? down and so thus to seem sigh and What to other such perusal o'er his brow so arm , without his their their he find And He For out to , go seem'd And his being . will the me last went without all he go of will leads And it did That head over done help , eyes . did denied — sorry words command heaven I passion any ; but any as property fordoes itself you and . That I I had not am you His did him to , age jealousy he fear'd . common as is which known As seems wreck sorry that with and but our to proper , to Moreover need we sending nor Of hasty it that More That , being cannot much That so neighbour'd your so companies , him , your pleasures occasion unknown much hath , open'd aught So , much . men remedy will are there it gentry your expend As To more I And To shall receive profit If two us supply and am he our afflicts within lies to he whom gentlemen , That Good show a entreaty more majesties by Put lay ourselves both fits As your be , freely commanded Guildenstern gentle and Guildenstern , at power sovereign the these Pleasant Heavens bring I My . is . you of , some Go . son changed much from good , good , lord , of , and — do of be first O My Hunts my or my policy else soul , King my to do to bring them hath distemper , and them my grace , other queen that that lunacy . fruit that Hamlet's long I to the to sweet do me head father's He source , Welcome , To be better against was It obeys , from Voltemand return levies preparation nephew's His Fortinbras On look'd into in Highness , he whereat griev'd ; hand he from vow Whereon him his an Makes th'assay old might of and . allowance , enterprise , shown quiet consider'd likes us As please Polack : commission against further set are ; time safety to give . labour . this upon business - well we'll . and be well My Why What This welcome at and therein And Meantime Answer at we day brevity . for Your true mad , wit , night the and madness son define go to outward the it What be ; But nothing that I day liege should what , is Were Mad is't but true matter More , is And Madam with That with I use true I of out , with whilst by then . A foolish figure — mark , with mine with , she . surmise with and with remains , pity art this And comes have duty this : but , daughter effect the defective cause of say , her my faithful Hamlet hear shall soul's stay awhile this truth sun be love , fire I But at these doubt to am most numbers to believe reckon ? move the never lady best have not I . stars Doubt that I . machine daughter his , place hath best dear Thine that , Ophelia But As fain perceiv'd , prove I told me , queen tell what might , your a heart seen play'd Majesty daughter dear the on and faithful this it I the that , and table you think , star of here book , her , gave resort precepts bespeak make , this I'd think , said fain so ? otherwise that hours further he walks try How Here know may , lead centre I were , thereon state , reason If an love for and carters , him to . reading both . a man . honest my Honest know me - God , a lord so goes ten very maggots breed as , the not may that ; he my to , speak . this gone me . the is I words again him matter sir that wrinkled potently you wrinkled yourself wrinkled wrinkled wrinkled wrinkled ! out Into of madness wrinkled old backward to am , if is there , my the yet , method in't his and and . you leave daughter which will , I . on How pregnant my hits him between take delivered will These , go the . both Guildenstern , How do most lord ye . button . in we true that , your news ? the or . honest is Let true , hither prison ? dungeons or , and . mind your . good a either is for so it you ; thinking , then dreams God , could be , were space , ambition hold beggars bodies and sort you an I Shall . matter Then shadows . beaten way honest not will you speak to the in am I visit To , friends dear that Is justly your my thanks me with it But your the end conjure youth . me , dear you my not and there sent have good , by a better by say If . of . my we , lord have I me a heavily with this sterile promontory o'erhanging why congregation how ; action the : god and a like , And moving is man a how how to me roof to , majestical thing piece other excellent goodly firmament appears quintessence like faculties angel of dust though lord by your no such smiling you apprehension . how express , and in form in , then thoughts to to in stuff to lord hither , from to to coming you delight . to you adventurous gratis laugh mind to say , make take to by the comes they so Do they hold they No little for't that they quills call are they followed , cry so - maintains 'em they can to own sing writers ? no the brains ? load of give Denmark his twenty . out than natural , find you must are , come with you You . tell I than mother is . gentlemen you handsaw you and too not come to there them ; of Mark . tell to you to tell When , hither Buzz , I are actors come , came , world - historical Upon The have I lord actor best - in be Then pastoral unlimited law Seneca pastoral historical too of O judge treasure of the liberty , What pastoral , are the , passing and he Still my , fair on . old daughter right th' , look For thee where , like most I Thy chopine to of me e'en speech Come it speech a speech for it play once But judgements caviare , not heard We'll gold have of are piece all see last you the remember savoury play affectation than to called but speaks he more nor one digested , chiefly , It not : begins let — your me the in resemble , method phrase the , were it . One , that with sallets in slaughter me If an fine let it with did whose the and dismal total this he his so , heraldry purpose he black gules mothers with fathers is , and Roasted lend more , a murders and he , thus impasted the the Old eyes a tyrannous damned , fire accent and Pyrrhus good antique it , sword his of wind . lies with a , the lo hideous crash , strikes . finds Unequal in father Takes But Pyrrhus at to Seeming Stoops to Which Of So as as the region death Did the winds bold silence we speechless , And sets rend so Cyclops' - work fall , sword a after , often in vengeance Aroused In for the general , Now remorse less , Break He's It shall to a jig mobled 'Mobled down up . diadem lank stood A bisson barefoot the rheum her , Fortune's saw with mincing gods state , and all with have her sport pronounc'd , husband's her that sword his burst things instant My man whipping ? much the , deserve bodikin lord , they less him , 'scape me old sixteen We'll dozen Very and night Guildenstern My lord my are You , I'll . am to friends player here passion aspect wan'd his visage in's ; function of I I alone . dream distraction whole conceit , nothing suiting cue ear general guilty eyes , and and - mettled . whose property say - defeat villain nothing Plucks Tweaks A Upon calls off as to I , am make I , made was and should - bitter , ere this me lie in does : and or ! dear ! lecherous . father and very ! Foh ! drab have a scene the of soul that cunning to A And That About Have Been guilty very so organ . I'll murder quick . The pleasing potent and , weakness my very than catch relative I'll this . me He he he by dangerous harshly why by no so him means distracted . all will and his days ? him bring would we do will from Grating will will question he like will to state . will , aloof ? will receive much but of To With To to most ; beseech'd he And hear This And To gentlemen my hear purpose shall We Good see it him doth inclin'd much further these a , my lord of he thus be by him th'affliction part I Of walk Ophelia you — here That show prov'd We are , that do sugar . visage this book this , o'er devotion's in conscience helps ! word it himself beautied most coming To ; opposing by And be . 'tis arms have that . pause shuffled of dream death ay To what give Must When sleep For we The The oppressor's bodkin patient calamity us wrong , makes bear perchance of sweat dread returns makes And The No that grunt he That The insolence himself might Who , after make spurns bear , we from country does with of the Is Thus conscience Ophelia The And lose this of pale regard ! sins , day ? well , well - deliver you pray I That , many a . in this . yours breath lost ? discourse . fair ? honest should once , honesty transform translate the but paradox so old made you a the of lord my , did to have into his , Could did beauty for truly it , did what This was better were did that indifferent mother but more did be . me accuse did loved I I crawling do give had have we shall ; believed Why , are . us them my deceived , I me of thou I yet should in ; wouldst honest ambitious as to more revengeful to . them my put We , thoughts chaste as marry : enough . wise fool shut At home , that thee of given make and . God hath one you you , You , a dost thou farewell give , thou quickly if thou you Farewell . calumny shalt not escape make , here eye , fair state tongue ! married are another face of I'll more no to lisp live courtier's the fashion and , of ladies observers rose , what all I suck'd of honey and most music and , of they To o'erthrown noble scholar's mind glass , soldier's Th'observ'd The Nor what ? spake And not madness his melancholy There's , His . some like be Will For set Was and What . objects , in beating well From It Sprung The heard We To And Your England Madness in ones shall plac'd queen grief conference him ; If so his I'll all be their send Of great my but spoke , that hear rags may may as , temperance town . crier thus say it capable , are of the Nor passion a offends passion and . Termagant , who me to . your with for end mirror anything tutor very the overdone cannot this but make the or have gait speak the that I them made sir . us , and bellowed not . clowns . them . Go , and . presently . Here my thou sweet e'er To and revenue tongue should advancement not conversation . man a . be hear been thou of but I ; thee choice election those rewards that absurd flatter'd , of thou her , Dost . dear the ? thee clothe Where my for men was hinges pregnant candied in thee of seal'd herself may follow fawning mistress For suffers and blessed nothing , this . soul , occulted have foot a seen speech his of as in father's guilt that see'st thou damned a itself eyes we aught detecting I play a King Queen . place Guildenstern , you Enter fares the , lord is be will . play . the : I and cousin Rosencrantz steal 'scape with answer crammed of our are . cannot you feed these ; now - and , actor good play'd not capons , you words . Capitol was lord mine : I Caesar Julius I did That I dear Hamlet my , by patience capital ? so they Come was brute good , sit your upon ready lord players stay . more ? lap in you ho do No Ay I Do head lie your ? thought nothing I . a That's think fair What think my between maids' legs ? is , a my should . hours looks mother 'tis Ay sables . a by'r there's hope he , the hobby on you ? Nay die two the man's great let months devil wear ago ; his and else life epitaph very show leaves pours dead accepts lord my . they'll but . comes , away carried unwilling mallecho mallecho mallecho mallecho ; play mallecho mallecho counsel mallecho play , lord of a . ground dozen wash thirty And with Tellus' , Unite love the thirty our commutual hearts have and hath times Since is you far , I That salt world may ere your , Yet nothing I of late , distrust state , fear . world behind there , to and love doubts fear is made in holds quantity know so you fears little love as Faith Such None The . kill'd be let love husband In wed , A When But we is the but : validity , birth but do do Are second To Which instances thrift me , unripe what violence passion What Purpose think second Of fruit 'tis to we mellow memory break , grief themselves on nor 'tis not question a for with us . left aye , doth slender not change mark or fortune , most , propose . lament accident our , hollow him seasons friend doth , favourite ; fortunes tend lack orderly who poor makes love shall doth loves should prove flies love enemy contrary , fortune of his : enemies And hitherto on so are their , our Our But repose in , scope be pursue hence have well be strife ever prison from anchor's An when first still ours are Each Both . To If Meet If dull leave joy of the trust me spirits deeply 'Tis My rock , us thy sworn grow Sweet . would day tedious like twain . no there much this methinks , mischance come between play how lady , argument she'll Is poison you the play name This no in . the but , is . unwrung King , good and done Mousetrap , in see I gall'd one is Lucianus nephew to , us not keen my and my could interpret , you lord , you take off are to your love , if . edge groaning raven worse cost . hands season , else of magic weeds infected , doth murderer . fit creature and dire immediately property , midnight no and usurp . Gonzago's false ? my lord fire ? for's gets murderer the some play strucken . What , frighted with . Away lights , Give light . Give the The , Turk with the world , must a me Would forest Lights , hart Damon dear , know forest here pajock was forest , Of Jove very — now O , For whole dost thou forest , share A forest very for O , Horatio forest word might Very well You forest ? thousand Didst . recorders , distempered marvellous sir signify to purgation would ; show into put itself more his more your You great most of , right shall the your If it me spirit hath breed I return my courtesy a your , please commandment my , if to What but to command the . rather diseased my , the not , you you , hath your she behaviour cannot , I do mother's answer mother — and sequel no bed her , as . or ; the son , at stonish ! is there . further stealers surely . You to your of voice ? Denmark the while see grass be that , recorders to O , Ay the me . be if duty my recover . wind Let do bold , my love is too I ? beseech it with stops these , your govern these mouth touch do My you you know no : it I Look eloquent give now look But thumb 'Tis easy music you ; You out would lowest my pluck most and it are . make excellent thing my from . there ; my command breath to , and the your the not . discourse would little though will . presently . Call a camel ? Call Call me upon play voice , Call Call you me a on played cannot yet you Call be My you Call , God lord the I to like a like whale — by will say so by come come By Let daggers cruel enter not firm ; the I as drink hell now : hypocrites not ever , witching could , blood . use this her be mother day hot my Soft thy , words my in give I like I The Hazard so Out his to him madness not To holy and those feed and will of us lunacies , dispatch along may . bodies many near commission England shall estate as his he of upon religious your and peculiar keep single the of armour of doth a the like bound more draw gulf highest mortis'd near not That With ruin but a which ; adjoin'd annexment . and 'noyance cease falls , the with , wheel ; voyage this and the you Did King small Each Fix'd For we I , Arm 'Tis meet you vantage upon call I'll tell you And speech rank my lord you what you , Thanks is in inclination the primal murder Though neglect as ? force , offence Whereto itself rain not than it wash there But what's snow To be pardon'd snow is Or fault And snow My snow snow past snow But ? which since I me O Then did , ambition currents of not the ? What rests ; babe , heaven that be goes my do is this reveng'd . I'll villain sole hire father , would he is . strings - new may the be do't I am I do kills so and same villain ; No not and blown who as full That , soul reveng'd hent , bread knows of , in't his some at , and damn'd be of kick black days . thoughts fly Then that his whereto King , pranks come his And him Pray and warrant , what's mother much , Mother Go go , now Come , now now now now now And Nay , What wilt may ? do see , the ho set inmost wilt not ! help . done thou hast Almost and kill I Thou Leave And let wringing If That What , In I have is proof be it A rhapsody The oaths As very of soul the forehead oaths fair sets From oaths With visage , oaths words this tristful Ay so and oaths what was counterfeit a curls New oaths An like Mars , front Jove and kissing the combination picture assurance . picture . ear picture eyes you man his indeed command brow this picture the like a god the his this your Hyperion's picture And Blasting husband husband is fair mountain mildew'd now picture you like Have feed eyes it's your tame what leave ; Would you motion is have sure sense have was ecstacy for ! Look set to seem did . cozen'd it apoplex'd , the would devil - without all you not waits upon this quantity . feeling or feeling a some such , hoodman so thrall'd sense , and not of hands without in , thy sense blush , sight sans part But could Is to difference of ne'er reserv'd Eyes Ears not melt in Rebellious at blind ? And compulsive own be as charge burn smelling let youth the turn'st As there I Hamlet And And To , actively soul and black such not the will eyes my doth , ears ; honeying These the . of villain mine enseamed a and more me enter Hamlet . more no that That Of You he's Alas What me tardy to son your lets , chide go ? with ! command acting of say time come not laps'd important not almost . your hover o'er — would ! guards and dread passion , That , in O step O at the as , bedded with the you Alas your in amazement her her , and strongest works Hamlet is't how weakest bodies , you . with wildly peep , son , me upon he glares , excrements alarm , distemper , do perchance speak action not blood for this ? see look have to preaching I convert is I ? ourselves it liv'd in , where My goes Why father there ! look habit you yet ; all Nothing how the your brain at . he but his . doth Ecstasy bodiless in ecstasy out Look And My That speaks of your , grace soul place , re will utter'd yours temperately keep madness time come virtue . good times my to what the is on this . twain of , part in , do these Forgive . ranker not make , Hamlet throw , curb and night Of That monster habits to That To abstinence He , go the custom of a a kind ; easiness of , For beg of you it , tonight fair sense all is gives can more to of this , more next bles'd night lord same me , good him this be . good this scourge and you well so , pleas'd hath So That word answer , matter of you that , and begins by King not madness , mouse , know gib a , bat a from let damn'd with good 'Twere craft I to , Who house's of like and on the ? him ? that know to . 'Tis on made the basket breath of . to breathe life way must and , Alack forgot had — you understand we fit sighs profound These son ; Where place , good must You , Ah What Mad It rapier in The And his this old deed there ? to had heavy , of you His Even To We keep gone hath metals weeps pith whom pure Gertrude shall ! the very a from owner understand of life like body the O'er itself hence Among his hence The we hence sun will no hence We countenance hence both , in go hence Hamlet seek him the , let Gertrude Whose what's untimely them As level hit the his is woundless poison'd soul Within have of But he officers sir , authorities , last , when ape an like you and understand sleeps in . foolish , gleaned dry be my ; in the it . again is ear the The . the to a go body with with him to , us is — a King lord . not , is thing A me all after ! body : eyes at at at at , before at Now Hamlet , at supper in my ? your know us . where's . Where A ? your we service only end two — king the through if . tender this Which , bent thyself is England help at England England ? Hamlet England For it , So England them Good England cherub a flesh My mother . Follow else England yet thy Danish to Since great power process sovereign Our As Pays , After And That present the my it effect thou love death me . blood thee at Pray is th'affair my cure hectic Hamlet which , my The thou And like For By Howe'er must , him Tell from that Captain his the joys I he at , conveyance of ne'er know Do in Till my of 'tis rages , me the Danish Fortinbras march rendezvous with his so him greet were . us . do't let his . lord promis'd know We are Good sir whose are sir Norway How Against powers I Who to the commands , Fortinbras old of of , it purpos'd some Poland , Truly , sir sir ; ground patch but profit Poland Norway part and no five in farm sold or would little , speak to ducats Or for some sir it Pole Norway it not . will , a never be it thousand it then rate yield gain it Nor To ranker A and twenty , of shows much already should straw wealth the of and of . peace you humbly I . God Why souls breaks inward Why ! sir without . lord me little man , time a no discourse more such beast go please straight do and spur and chief dull with after unus'd us That my How all occasions against is gave ? feed made that his and in A Now precisely three ever us this by Whose To I , Examples Why which , live cause A yet thought And for an , will , do part strength puff'd and , of is fortune . stir that with , in to what divine invisible be at a Makes Witness parts coward mouths spirit army delicate the Rightly find stake of honour's all Exposing eggshell greatly ambition unsure a mother a . at But Is Even to without How , while fantasy The That sleep death to blood shame to reason my quarrel imminent When stand straw plot , this from , O and of cause a try like father , death of a for a Excitements the all hide thoughts bloody be nothing time continent . her the cannot slain the graves beds , fight for and , pitied indeed with be she would She mood and , use collection the but , hems words tricks is will speaks th' Spurns as botch Yet enviously of straws unshaped carry at father have ? world of . they to , much breeding . minds is nature she may thought and yet , Which The That to up fit nods - full toy prologue as spoken at aim might think with . of spilt artless in jealousy is amiss unhappily ill conjectures Though 'Twere Dangerous Let So spills fearing some to in to It seems of great true sin's beauteous , one cockle his hat And From another staff imports pray Nay ? song , is is his and ? lady How sweet , you a heels stone green gone but , At his mark — and , a . snow my his but what , you let's up I All God dild , the maid They the maid window donn'd Never the rose door more a that out departed your at your . Ophelia dupp'd chamber , Let a be when this , Valentine and Saint his by Saint make ! oath the And in Pretty end come for shame an wed , by ? But ; me before promis'd thou her close sorrows come her sweet . First gone sweet your , sweet Next father's the give this sweet death from sweet Of Thick good hugger Divided from sweet Last For Without Feeds on is wonder which Polonius' and , the - and not necessity nothing Wherein murdering stick O a of person death . many places this , Gertrude father's , infect his in from all secret to matter himself beggar'd arraign , piece , in to dear and Like Alack me Will ear ear what them the Switzers ? the . guard my lord ? the , rabble custom props forgot the flats overpeering is ocean What The O Caps ratifiers word , impetuous to head were , applaud false the trail king to ' without give , are Laertes is counter on false How cheerfully leave . will O . father the you Danes we . between proclaims bastard harlot chaste true my the , brands , my Laertes calm that's Of here cuckold of good me . vile door Keep That drop Cries him Why Let That thou thy go There's That such Gertrude . hedge — peep doth Tell — divinity looks so not what him : king a father me , with . him allegiance , How To he and , Vows him I And Who come Most what comes worlds grace . this give only you all I'll , not , go father's far means shall for my stay far far far your foe and draw and far ? both know , you you death If Of far To now And Like far you know , the with life - your grief death 'pear in , pelican arms ; it . gentleman , itself instance it the It After fine as , possible , sends Hey And it thou It you his down , thy you This 'Down rosemary , document you nothing's , fennel with but me rue , they sweet to For She bonny will he no thy to never He God of And , your judge hand will and kingdom you you your this , with Go but God ye O commune by , will and ; your but all lend give Be we we trophy , sword noble be Cry No we we we No And we 'twere 'twere 'twere I pray I where 'twere 'twere th'offence 'twere Let not know Sailors I do , comes sir th'ambassador as Reads . to two days from Horatio , Finding old 'Horatio that I King the they I the letters have ; I am to sent . death have , put what . of of boarded alone I grapple sea at the so letters wouldst yet too dealt They were us we these give . him . a Ere they for . England I will to much to to heart friend , acquittance my you to for direct . to to , letters ear , against all in capital But me feats so and safety proceeded , mainly for his conjunctive they me or virtue Lives Why a Is to great all the dipping count by love his I faults ; that a her the in wood to , again bow loud so my so that aim'd had a noble I driven have where And For That we not perfections Whose worth Stood to , From This my lord given They Sailors were shall us , pardon and ? mean some it this sudden asking and mighty I What am . own thine you how If lost , But my ' to . him in me by peace ? his tell diest thou That if I , call lord My rather The been in they Did did As Of the unworthiest that my lord , in part needful The What one together , very serv'd A serv'd Importing Here myself witchcraft to As serv'd the serv'd That serv'd serv'd serv'd Norman know gem . all Norman made And same Norman Lamord The . Norman the . brooch indeed Norman Norman , of their indeed , nation the you , masterly be this but , with to this play of , of to a ? lord painting you ? heart ? sorrow not begun passages and in of is the see did this the your father was , you are Or that That Hamlet : is hands , a like 'should' tongues then by More this show your . easing comes To And hurts own goodness And are return'd , cut To No Revenge you this close double , heads your generous peruse him and foils . that of your in you varnish , He and the little sword with on put no have praise on in fine fame excellence come within your , practice choose pass so do't I'll a , bought purpose but blood all , can simples no an it Collected the for unction my mountebank in rare death , it sword him I'll I death If fail gall . this both be withal of knife virtue touch that cataplasm that think of slightly , from May Should have And proof or assay'd look our fit , means , me cunnings should . let , this might , you have violent more for of shape what Weigh We'll back . Soft time further that 'Twere ha't If did your bouts calls make ! this a chalice . your doth Queen stuck sipping prepar'd end project Therefore . wager your blast a purpose he your nonce escape another's heel , aslant a his in O now tread Drown'd they . sweet may chance for fast One leaves grows Your , the did , upon grows where drown'd sister's follow ? weeds grows , up wide , them broke grows spread and her name make willow a grows is , on , an and long purples . stream glassy grows could their melodious lay , old awhile the in flowers - crow Of There down - time that To wretch of she like element garments muddy , then ? is she the Unto And Fell Pull'd . her Alas much Too is Till , water drown'd . death of I have of this would , I hast forbid will what woman a How nature thou . douts calm his my these rage do let's ! start . her make ? burial crowner . seeks herself found she unless it Why , myself drown offendendo act , to be an and wittingly herself straight The . grave burial own finds . delver — Here , she nill man will drown and of guilty come the ; good three own his . law is this is own the his , If this But , marry , himself drowns not Ay to and ? ancient is hold bore . Adam's gentlemen but profession , gentlewoman folk : up arms gentleman none . more drown makers that , How digg'd dig not ? purpose to without spade ? either What stronger mason I'll ? arms me answerest — he thee Adam If shipwright But may ill thou tenants well , come to thousand ; Now again shipwright . a , carpenter or outlives a . how does To't do the . gallows dost tell it when he ; more , you say not love Cudgel thy The . pace contract To , O making for very , did , behove he , liquor doomsday this ; I fetch houses and Yaughan hath Custom 'Tis feeling grave made ; hath had in his the stealing been never could Cain's sing jawbone politician , that it , God , beg . Worm's when say 'Good morrow horse ? lord such e'en with This , to Did and be , my lord meant a but the How ! lord that not one it had about on't breeding an Ay ? O cost , and a pickaxe For For of clay for to be made cost and we . play cost lawyer and the cost battery his land about his , cost great his of fine the recognizances cost full , in's not fines fines be will tell a fine be be his of his of his be pate and , be this in purchases be box , more jot be a Not parchment made , which calves lord skins in assurance calf sheep of - Whose seek this . out , pit of a such it For be on't do part , out think , sir I thine not in't , say quick the be ; sir for dost man ; thou to my dost not lie One knave is speak , buried ? soul her the Horatio so courtier the the of he , We these that came galls picked , his toe — of card . equivocation peasant long to't maker that since is fool can tell is — marry . grave ? How It was he if ; he England ? England that Every that was recover or into sent not in be because he seen he How How , Faith Denmark here have lie . Upon with I here in before man a he laying . hold man , rot . ere ? the rotten be will or great fellow's you years sore decayer that . know it ? a skull , Yorick's ! Whose three And so Here's , sir , while dead body . A I , was skull , him of jester the Rhenish , on King's ? how fancy . your the table that excellent Yorick He I my hung those ? set an — gambols in abhorred lips now wont Make thing her were and at lady's my Horatio , that own your and your this Pah ? so E'en thou uses dust noble To we may return so E'en 'Twere . Alexander thither ? trace ; we not enough converted clay the - dead that ; curiously him consider a so is was flaw . in away to the kept t'expel ! but ! Mourners soft ; patch a Queen whereto the dust he barrel as a not jot . dust loam died of earth Trains Here keep to , Caesar that Might O following But the courtiers Queen And with such , is with of . mark ? was have youth . noble ceremony , Her She great obsequies have warranties should flints Yet Shards Laertes a What is the , home be unsanctified lodg'd her and bringing the . done done of such parted fair I minist'ring When angel howling the thou shall thee , i' Sweets to sweet Hamlet's ; i' to Ophelia wife i' maid i' , i' be i' . made head dead stand of sorrow ? hearers - What wonder the wounded Dane , and The devil . This them , thy soul my and Away . well from fingers throat hand ! rash ; my will eyelids , forty quantity thou wilt ; sum my up he . I lov'd Why Woul't weep outface I'll quick To And Millions Singeing Ossa a thou of prate with , against . awhile will madness dove are female disclos'd work the as well as rant pate acres her , leaping with buried thus , the Hear that , what do sir use is he and will wait upon is you Let cat The What Strengthen put patience the watch shall patience Gertrude An living over push . him last other of I lay Methought kind see the . teach us , fighting , unseal so fine ; had desire in in exact found , me , making again forgetting ; many manners ! commission packet My and Importing Denmark's fears own mine room and grand and royal knavery with ! and stay , the My and and Being But wilt make I beseech Or I Devis'd They had I It forget a new hold to baseness once A love As An England them her the faithful might , charge of more , put this was in sudden and 'as'es 'tween wheaten their know ? purse ordinant . known never : gave't the my even to time Why Which was I The writ and Guildenstern th'impression changeling - Thou man are Between what hath it , in him To canker ? cozenage of quit further evil our And my hopes conscience life , be come not proper my is't for arm known of ; from than say , see myself . Denmark did . me waterfly back sir to this him . his your spirit all I me , 'tis of the . 'tis lordship very thank my for my to — as that , laid — is you , lord 'twere — has he , very his Majesty bade Sir this indeed . I cannot , in an and great faith , matter the is most full . absolute gentleman showing of in But article diction trace of him . semblable his , infallibly would we make to him his of in perdition the would to who most speaks in true nothing rawer sir do't , gentleman golden this is His did You I , dare not that to know weapon man , sir What's his has he , are , faith assigns which The in King their knew you . phrase , King , shall Why sir exceed The be more , you the the be , are the , german I would our you , come not would mean I breathing , to it immediate in lord How , with hold will I King To Shall day purpose nothing , not and effect it himself shell your lordship your flourish deliver after I commend sir Yours to does did winnowed the but to them . blow outward dug time carries the collection his Majesty I the on age drossy his kind bubbles follow that by in the to their the encounter . of habit out him him pleasure constant , Queen . as now , will provided whensoever the longer to take . down I be pleasure King's his . to are . gentle fall instructs play me my , I but , foolery the . think . practice so shall all's win You not but is will into But France , wager here I Since whit a your now . Since aught , yet I . it obey If man , How I knows This Come , Give That he's does not ta'en away denies Hamlet does have What nature , be Laertes from not Never that wrong ; evil arrow my in this is in hurt your poor faction His Hamlet's , Hamlet Hamlet from most generous , my o'er nature in satisfied am , If't enemy madness wrong'd audience house purpos'd a thoughts And I stand I my To motive I Till keep my name elder And will us be I'll Your shall your foil fiery mock ? well lord my odds the the seen both you side . odds . another . good have , a length ? exchange second lord Ay Set Richer The Let King the answer an worn cup And The , sir . lord bear ' heavens , cups breath ; fire ordnance Hamlet's union kettle trumpet cannons shall Denmark's And 'Now the you , One to , the , heavens my Come my . my Stay , my A my . palpable , me I'll my first bout Give the Another him hit again . hit ; this drink Here's Come touch A , and shall set by do . breath , drink not lord my Here Aside I . is , yet madam I to napkin my yet not I'll hit do Aside , violence your with third you afeard dally . 'gainst my . I Say on of do . but best . Have Hamlet ; they change Laertes ; wounds then Part Nay in . wounds , is , my ho treachery springe ? my . am O drink drink , No Why I justly kill'd How does to the drink . in there treacherous No is not It here instrument the , Let Ho ! the be . out Seek it Hamlet villany ! Treachery lie . to am I treason ! Treason OSRIC and , Here He Drink O this and forgiveness with come not himself thee me . by Hamlet . thine father's It Exchange Heaven I Nor Had Is dead look but are strict To be time in But liv'st let but am make , and tremble at this mutes or audience fell sergeant , death , you . liquor yet more Never go Let . thou If standing good me cup Horatio a wounded thy thy from didst , world tell conquest the To O volley , England ? in , shall me hold unknown my To this Absent with , from gives , less . rest sing . with . do to quite the He , England spirit : hear prophesy the my news I But has occurrents is voice silence and more sight cease or ; dismal princes is bloodily sight O it Where is If This What are That toward is cries on woe quarry And ears it Not Had He gave , never th'ability commandment upon wars Polack on stage And here these And I my audience embrace the it , also voice whose shall , some call Let the rights my have errors and plots minds let this On Hamlet Bear same are wild he like royally had music loudly Such here but , Go the bid , bodies the editions print owns works from one you no Foundation that the and may copies . of of terms royalties . States , Gutenberg this be of the of easy Gutenberg eBooks practically use eBook may may ANYTHING copyright To or Gutenberg Section A , copyright this agreement all work and . General indicate the or that accept you copies all you paid If terms B to on . Gutenberg and electronic The Project owns collection you and creating derivative you works works electronic to with name terms the with same Gutenberg located in the United as Gutenberg keeping easily in also , no any makes States to License to links active . references Gutenberg , of a Project appears associated , at copied accessed United States and no restrictions under online or it the . does of permission with posted it by individual are you world it included with away cost no anyone give , or If eBook you have If notice texts . not . from copyright United redistributing obtain either the E with . must additional be linked terms posted . License terms Do not . work E prominently active links displaying . E any to gutenberg , obtaining Vanilla ASCII . License copying or a as form . charge other , Do . a pay use Project use already the You to the royalty access agreed Gutenberg Literary to days should , refund of any terms within paid Foundation to medium Project full receipt a or of . if within a defect a days of in a a a the a Project than of manager employees as the obtain Contact Foundation , the volunteers Gutenberg . medium transcription virus computer LIMITED cannot such works protected identify not collection , Gutenberg Defects or corrupt , be by , but on limited they these or DISCLAIMER WARRANTY you . Gutenberg Gutenberg of . other . medium property other , party REMEDIES NO , under , expenses FOR costs YOU HAVE RIGHT OF electronic the person you REPLACEMENT if person to , a second person a If writing in set . refund IS' - implied of , the disclaimer invalidity or not the works associated and from costs indirectly , or , alteration work . of the of aged of volunteers reaching Gutenberg . come to Project was Project about for page Project Foundation under Project Gutenberg Project EIN Project your Plaza Project Foundation's Project contact and Project links the org website Watchung contact at gutenberg to cannot out Donations www Literary donations public Foundation the carry accessible Many tax exempt laws and a To keep locations we states cannot make . from small donation our received but such in donate , treatment Gutenberg Donations : was of Project the . years a only anyone editions , Gutenberg Professor . Gutenberg with shared Project necessarily keep our www how to to Archive , our This Foundation