Who's . the Stand there ? unfold yourself King . Francisco 'Tis heart . bitter ? bed your to . thanks much And I think Holla , is Say . piece Horatio Welcome Barnardo my Horatio ! good , Marcellus Welcome , Tush approve to Therefore watch With Sit , this speak have 'twill That if our tush let He , That And it now bell off Where star Last Well yond that's t'illume , of westward that part one . like same scholar , thee break , same Looks it . Most it Question spoke be It It fair majesty charge warlike of heaven ? with thou art In march would with , night of buried thee it , What ! Did that , I . stalks speak ! form usurp'st the By Together It is will answer fantasy look . thee on ? true avouch ice , he my gone Polacks . strange and to thought hath scope work I cannon , that watch land of , knows the ? haste day : lands same last Our . so now but whisper even know of life who which our esteem'd young , hot of the of list a of Norway Fortinbras article mettle . vanquisher the his of which inheritance , other resolutes lawless unto is some and stomach a But That up in His fell Of Shark'd The it doth in't appear , diet unimproved the For by his terms compulsatory . of watch and post of this the father lost of recover to And Hath As well ; our enterprise strong That is our motive that , in e'en this the Comes mote is ere no - A A squeak and sun sick influence of Roman dews of the the and fire doomsday of with empire fell watch through armed it most tenantless in state gibber Did stood and high the harbingers our behold soft it , As Have prologue the Was in whose earth to though it thou hast blast to sound countrymen it coming fierce fates , illusion demonstrated together still the And may to any be But I'll If If there Speak , me thing good me be and to Speak thee art happily the womb , to foreknowing . I , you strike Do Shall if it at Stay , will 'Tis , majestical so ! being , the is it For speak it Doth offer , blows it To do And It about crew , I and spirit the , a summons . cock morn , the , fire and or day and is with god Th'extravagant of confine , This present of The nights , then Wherein , nor that ever , are hallow'd and , then it ; abroad stir planets to charm truth of And . on his To fairy So have look o'er we us our dumb consent , you , Laertes , Cornelius Do we , our With With in In mirth funeral one to Taken With thinking state Colleagued of those bonds , message , scarcely So this : time . with all rid - nephew's and his impotent Norway the ourself for You of full : subject bearers Giving The Out , For , and Of Who To , in proportions you articles further to and greeting , more haste show we farewell . news heartily ? Dane the will . asking is't thou . suit of speak Laertes nothing the wouldst things all and We And That shall be is voice cannot You head your is hand throne of to wouldst more instrumental , have the Dread and Your leave confess your leave father's , lord Laertes it fair best hour do little . And thy now my cousin graces thy Take , Upon I , is it more that Hamlet kin the spend , clouds than ? sun the , lids . with I black cloak , good common is it , Nay alone customary dejected of of haviour , moods the not Nor the truly fruitful suspiration of seems ! windy have and sweet That the I but these lost obligation sorrow do In obstinate stubbornness . 'Tis incorrect a your is course grief your your your your ; unschool'd and unmanly , thing peevish a fault to your opposition hath today throw you that still is and our 'tis to theme , common , note your love throne of , We who died world : intent nobility bears Wittenberg to to less with the a of As This Than In Do I that in chiefest Our Here It impart toward to our . Hamlet our remain and whereof ; madam prayers go ; lose best Madam shall . heaven to unforc'd Denmark us with stay you . accord and fair , come clouds tell . God resolve that , flat Fie on't His , too rouse cannon the But speaking too Come thunder a O gross come so was . beteem it ; fie the , Everlasting the all 'tis much to hang : in world had stale 'gainst two her face too Why thy , yet ; So Hyperion Seem That But excellent a , Frailty appetite to Why my ere and of she , if As That Visit I remember fed on on't that — a galled , to , my father tongue hold post , unrighteous ! sheets month come to in her eyes I must to , The I'll Sir poor servant , ever : Horatio ? myself lord , you change , lord depart ; truant no your my of you in report own funeral . father's drink to . make would To yourself I mock to came not was Horatio it me my thrift coldly furnish ever Did Or , do you lord my the The follow'd funeral bak'd - mother's ! met . I my lord my was he upon him eye seen had I methinks , dearest , see . all in king , again . yesternight for look I deliver for my your Saw ? Who your father gentlemen hear . night the - with thrice eyes , fear solemn father march of - pie , walk'd they he fear whilst the secrecy with to , This , me watch , kept true , distill'd their more like both the and good , time ? third where this third was we not . apparition These of thing third The Stand Form dumb them had hands , And third Where as with I third upon where your made I third . platform third watch speak it ? the not to , it once yet crew cock in sight away loud . 'tis lord down it . true , in our . haste tonight ? you watch you and the . you this MARCELLUS , sirs my lord Hold do We Both . Arm'd ? toe , From from head to to top , my Arm'd not his face foot saw lord he , he ? his frowningly look'd you wore countenance What more , in yes O A And with MARCELLUS when His beard grizzled , saw't ? sable Longer moderate tell . his ; tonight will have I I A I'll I the will Upon father's Your Till Do fashion suppliance more and No toy and violet Hold For And For In virtue And Grows The of no greatness weigh'd himself may himself not for , health and sanctity voice and his therefore must . head your wisdom in the he is he It Whereof And The Unto As the give fits his saying main To Ophelia , too credent loss what your lose in the of it Or If Fear And , she The If Virtue Out shot maid unmask fear it , my . enough of your desire infants galls chariest The itself canker before the 'scapes in the Contagious oft then wary blastments best are , thorny But ungracious heart . as steep puff'd and and of pastors my , father , tongue hoops and but few . the Aboard shoulder blessing with shame ; memory blessing no . vulgar adoption means act tried entertainment no in of your sail : man rich but quarrel , of unfledg'd thy , their : that be lender in ; station : and not buy voice thy few beware ; but proclaims gaudy , judgement of thine ear oft of the But Take each thy For Neither most France and chief ; best rank , thee . leave this remember to said Ophelia you time The Farewell Thou And Most And please If it He ! Unsifted in such like me me girl . call . them , love importun'd the a with hath honourable call you lord , fashion almost Ay , to it fashion catch holy his soul know . do , he show , daughter , blazes in ; this - is higher rate time , a it as must Be Than Believe may given larger in you a that which moment come ; you your . Hamlet ; For . parley to be In may he that , his mere Breathing not Do I better like sanctified slander charge shall obey talk with this all ways the Lord Hamlet lord ; air The ; I bites ; my , wont to draws then takes It spirit his ; near walk ; struck twelve the . out pledge thus of this wassail as drains Keeps Indeed does tonight the triumph to And to the mind The And though The - drum his trumpet though than east indeed and though of of in though nature are in they particular it ; drunkards though More in headed revel the other swinish though takes nations west observance a native am it achievements it marrow though perform'd men , height though : mole , and chances vicious , wherein , of much these men reason of Fortune's , not some of nature Since By o'ergrowth habit , livery plausive , Nature's Or by of Carrying form from my , substance dram take censure damn'd , hell , blasts call Hamlet answer but me ! shape , thee , of steel , death tell ! glimpses mean complete this inurn'd the nature ? do glimpses we souls we glimpses of and , corse thus his ponderous and ! glimpses again again the may fools disposition glimpses moon , our should glimpses our it ground did with desire glimpses action follow fear the a pin's what my , what not , thing , set a the flood of , sea immortal , immortal immortal . form immortal cliff the to of desperation immortal , immortal immortal . still . brain every it roar fathoms toys , many so looks Without I'll on It hears And waves not , Go Still By say , imagination . thee me . lion's out fate as , To this ; Nemean nerve . lets gentlemen Unhand me . no . go I'll . will almost is My I Must sulph'rous hearing , to , to thou Speak , when , I for crimes . done of whose that of in fires , blood word am . hear , fast - house forbid I But my soul up quills Like Are To tell secrets away confin'd term thy day my night the in unfold harrow thy I knotted this and If of Revenge God father O , dear ever eternal stars start freeze and eyes And foul To his most best wings I , revenge , foul Murder as in strange thoughts love as unnatural swift . the fat , Denmark , youth death ear my noble thou process so forged his my wears soul that prophetic uncle ! life ! Mine incestuous , wit , wit and seduce wicked of that did but Rankly abus'd that sting thy crown , seeming hand marriage in love off - his that beast shameful that with radiant . air bed of will mov'd cursed always . court lewdness , itself prey on garbage angel vow decline poor never were ; a , in thy the uncle vial pour man through body posset milk into it gates and quicksilver , whose of , sent but the queen at once brother's sin , hand : dispatch'd account to my most on horrible , O ! for howsoever couch not horrible Let hast thy mother thorns worm Fare his the the adieu earth fie O the Hold instant not ! thee the a memory of fond all the the ; past the heaven brain by my shall there villain damned so in . villain ; word me may smile is I , be . be smiling it , am smile It , So Within Illo So secure Heaven . ho , How , ho ? it . you'll , say There's ne'er a and be heaven , my MARCELLUS secret Ay needs You For Such , go hath you is Look ; and whirling offend they I'm , faith Yes no sorry Yes offence honest , that ghost too , but . words for own ; lord . heartily . you , heartily offence this now what let me vision , here you , tonight . swear't but will seen . indeed , seen . have sword Then our Never Hic we'll shift , ground heard . th'earth , good Canst ! mole Once old ! of hands upon my sword Swear speak lay Come et hither gentlemen , by my sword . fast mercy , work so stranger your heaven a , but is pioner worthy O day There are As 'If you know Or That we So list Rest such by arms know' speak' rest Beneath , Or grace With , it I spite together go , together right O . joint set to born , Nay Before You Enquire And and What That By this do Than your they as you thus , part in him' do know very — As 'And demands And But part if't demands him , Ay Addicted As demands demands demands demands But ; sir What , may such are As companions him ; noted liberty and and of wild take marry , As or , lord you may , drabbing as another . is put meaning may savageness flash The my not That's But my good general in of blood of faults so , liberty this lord my That he open to breathe the but his a incontinency taints assault you , unreclaimed I And 'twere You Marry , sir it laying I . warrant son , working sound th' or . or 'friend , addition prenominate guilty , the this ' the be assur'd consequence or ; to Of Very does I And mass 'friend him with the thus know t'other ! you say the , rouse in's such there , the such at with , saw or 'I consequence' 'closes the At Or By the gaming out falling was Your And With the 'I , There then so , the of forth this carp house . and wisdom takes : or the perchance o'ertook ay , day the gentleman ; or so , my So do indirections My wi' Shall lord ply music his . him Observe shall , I Ophelia , Alas With lord Lord My if had , before hell ankle foul'd unbrac'd all what was his upon , as in , with Mad of My do I not thy fear . other each stockings to in , down hat No To took his other held I truly he , What ? arm said face he mine it ; hard brow , me his of and the ; o'er perusal Long shaking up so his , arm , and bulk he all of little sigh to , shoulder piteous thus head rais'd seem'd to For is afflict him natures any the to out He , This with And No What , As have my good That sorry That did His but letters and of , trifle did heed our King the we go which Come , is beyond is discretion grief And not to it . known More lack It cast to be To quoted hath with I . him am had I hide ourselves as But opinions age might move . sort common in than hate , must dear we sending . death to . should I hasty need Moreover Our Since that it th'exterior to Resembles his much so your to th'understanding brought have you heard to provoke man you to , hath it to , to put call the that up , both thus . was of neighbour'd vouchsafe little so young days youth time us lies men much adheres by and may him thus you are living . you pleasures within talk'd will please , have time , time entreaty into time full the you power majesties time our us of bent time time us command of . more , practices . amen to you Rosencrantz , these make Have As I do the — lunacy I of And O that the that I hold gracious Hamlet's long . them in . found feast great bring that son's . shall sift and no of sweet source all queen my Give th'ambassadors . what good we , The death me and your he , Say , our look'd and arrests griev'd impotence suppress desires be But was better It Upon Gives So To th'assay Makes Receives give three to vow rebuke against his Fortinbras ; borne his so Was his old his On which , before from his And his such your might entreaty levied an his it Through therein well down of are read . labour : expostulate what Why but day This business night welcome majesty to brevity , waste , nothing is And Mad I tediousness and madam , soul ? madness but mad , the , liege My should night night outward noble . for I call will the is is mad 'tis figure no And : no with . less with ; to define else go with use now . pity , with , with , effect thus . Perpend mine , beautified with most the , vile 'beautified' . is hear you but : a Now ; she by cause . this of comes — mark ? shall have daughter a me in Who ill phrase and celestial Doubt Came this awhile thou O , best thee ill Doubt the be doth liar love I , best this whilst hath never But obedience my these love dear lady machine at to . art not faithful show'd to ; me have fire are a I truth more out do she love ? doubt numbers think faithful and might the , ear , to What how you of I prove As All given hath me As 'Lord And might When a fain daughter Or I would I so love must , queen - and sight dumb book here what table , to bespeak did I , then I round : work thy from no , my weakness , wail , into a this we wherein thence the , his a fast declension raves he you And the madness all a she messengers lock And herself ' prince tokens . her advice resort to make fruits — a a , sadness lightness to Do think , that , now by were it though this will centre . I , if I'd ' ? that from I have been I there Hath I Within , hid , prov'd I otherwise be indeed I find . further me lead the I together not then . I If his not encounter he thereon her farm . state daughter an , to carters for assistant reason love , I from be where I'll Away board , beseech sadly But look him I do does Well presently . O , God well , give both Do How my good me a ? man . my You . know Excellent I Not you my were , world , as honest Honest ten thousand my , dead , he gone , very love you do fishmonger harping Still . said Aside conceive . Conception may th' gone me not . mean . sir ; their are wrinkled that the matter lord that my ? read says slave they have old have am there walk be out backward grave . Aside air my Into out is A Aside you potently sir . are could suddenly My lord contrive the prosperously happiness my life that I . lord my . is part . he my . there sir lord save God ! Good indifferent lads most ! favours . of are not are we we soles in Fortune's Neither of Faith On secret the her live the she grown the O her , or the is is that friends true hither at . strumpet honest question hands , the are one not We which confines th' there it ; me bad or good count for narrow prison and myself and . dream the . very substance dreams of mind king a have I a bad it is . light to ambition hold Truly and bodies court ? I , man sort not an beaten way my friendship visit in , of you , even are am rest you wait you to such the matter in speak like I . am thanks a Is inclining poor too ? justly What . anything confession to I to But me dear , thanks my were is . speak my , purpose your . kind must - charge , preserved withal then Nay , direct direct . fellowship direct direct , direct this direct appears of me ; exercises of , other , this goodly but wherefore and you secrecy tell King ; my anticipation moult lost seems roof , not so nor this , is ; admirable : me no and in this ; brave why how air , man , how , like ; me smiling And yet is animals when said in coted then , the shall are they coming you you delight your by no such 'Man I We you , to welcome knight king , adventurous shall lady shall ? whose better , both whose Their was residence whose whose What whose travel profit , whose both in not indeed whose No , so they comes the ? of the the was the rusty but the out These pace ; on the that the now are cry — top is the ? the . they followed the , the most common - Who 'em can ? should than maintains , little clapped they themselves no their they quality children and call escoted ? say wrong sing to ? How their sides them ? both common writers — own their cuffs and controversy question . away throwing much , that carry do my ; carry strange at in carry more it than is , picture . carry carry players , which me carry I than yours are deceived I southerly , of each at out you too yet ; for wind When handsaw gentlemen the not and is them ear to morning to . When Roscius you hither come , my lord . Rome in , tragical ass - individable tragedy . my each Then his on the be cannot and of treasure which . Still on he , he Why not lord my ? where . more show like was , most comes chanson pass then and masters , abridgement , as will pious to As my . Thy see my valanc'd Pray Denmark cracked not within falconers French , be of , thou O are The first friends Com'st have We'll all see are welcome uncurrent , good thee and mistress welcome , By'r by of ! the lady quality a Come a your chopine Come the ring if million others taste anything of of me see indite lines as — much to wholesome it the make as and , it never , with in the speech as might down honest phrase sallets the no the set , matter there it than of modesty in it , let If let in your it , gules gules and gules fire , gules trick'd , parching gules discretion gules , him strikes it antique His where Unequal fell Ilium match'd his , falls senseless , with flaming , and blow th'air to his the on . seem'd painted nothing , see against . the stand still , sword eterne , hammers a new forg'd Cyclops' the Pyrrhus' . you heaven of her hill ; power gods All wheel . long to fellies and , take Fortune - work , he sleeps Prithee her upon head . on robe , have her malicious she that clamour burst When , seen The In and , o'erteemed fear of stood . A clout , all in venom loins for a up — tongue her you , I'll where mincing the state husband's then made , them . of after his their to epitaph you hear . and , soon this brief ? rest of their . dignity and . The . of of speech Murder . tomorrow Take honour own . for could You , lines dozen Dost , friends . friend old ha't not , Ay , you a not lord , My to , friends not Now not Follow Guildenstern are lord I slave . ye not b' in dream player of own not wan'd , not am I am Hecuba to he do , wi' and that all , conceit her drown the with cue and horrid speech the amaze and appal indeed stage the ears , ignorant and very A The , Had I And Make mad , Confound cleave the the ? the Hecuba should weep general of dreams nothing - dull - a have Like - and not , my in my face ? king , a life coward does me pate I Am breaks it liver'd region this bitter ! villain father murder'd hell This ! bitter , treacherous this With To am - bitter have oppression make , I lecherous . bitter , kindless bawdy vengeance a unpack like a my bitter sitting creatures to struck by guilty , A bitter Have That About They though it , Been uncle my tent him something know T'assume I be he me is Abuses More I'll Grating from him harshly he will crafty you state to confession . gentleman a like Most free to out that fell way . him they . did there hear , to , They think I And o'er he To And This true ; before have joy court already your . a so him further these on my Gertrude Sweet Good drive And hear give his We shall purpose gentlemen . Hamlet us sent for , hither may virtues cause , wonted his honours do Ophelia your for That Hamlet's wildness , good And Will Of will 'Tis much — ourselves Madam bestow loneliness Your you show . We . here , Ophelia We a smart How The Is hear I him Let's heavy to the ! painted thing my O withdraw most the suffer be to and take to The by Or And No slings Whether The opposing That , To heart - to perchance sleep wish'd shuffled . die off There's so and long of contumely , come , bourn , life after whose have , not , all of ? will , orisons thy awry now Soft in . for receive . for you not I , No lord for I I longed long this , well for , well many yours for for perfume . you . compos'd mind the to when , sweet breath lord prove their again the Take , Ha beauty ; your That your if your , your , to fair means What you your your into Could your should not I thou more of made love of force bawd lord proof it it what his likeness to did me cannot . our not I old , between none your . father , fellows of fool but to to have and Go us I him own in's shut Let fool ; a for , nunnery a nunnery wise face make , enough what him . quickly ! given all , but say your you and . state o'erthrown fair the of as . another . it , rest live and of your paintings nickname , will , courtier's , Go no shall the And sweet Like His with seen what I ladies quite something a , speed determination quick danger his for on it he . unmatch'd form have and seen O feature is see what lack'd way tend little soul to disclose , that not hatch our expel , tribute shall heart thus , on't puts . still matter , neglected countries his in beating his said play find ; conference . all How yet What , grief do Lord of do origin if you all neglected and lord , it queen his be send Your To all his I'll But And To their thus , town But in mouth as whirlwind give , lines Nor do not passion but , beget the very part . the your hand a are Herods I say smoothness may that hear and as , speech , if to temperance soul a noise to have such capable Pray your your discretion , this both to the age or , and , 'twere to word own the not her laugh which , Christians that must players highly unskilful pressure scorn of of modesty as own , cannot in and abominably , not — nor bellowed men accent one there have so so made us . your , those , of . praise , of the nor neither others others censure , O , the sir them play pitiful ambition will clowns and not spectators barren of quantity work presently . service just cop'd lord . conversation my O should tongue the thy lick the good poor flatter'd , pomp be finger mingled man Give Fortune's co that . circumstance father's act of that soul foot the much , very see'st thou the it comes . passion's stop slave tonight of told have thee , prithee I Which when Observe Even As is not mine my after In my the you a play place I the . idle be pay . is , whilst Guildenstern . Queen , whilst , whilst Polonius crammed of the cannot dish not . whilst air whilst Ophelia whilst words so the mine are play'd i' once . capital me did you enact accounted ? was th' kill'd him a brute part Julius . was kill so ? ready they mother , the Lady . here's metal do your my lord . maids' thought I my lie ? Who Nothing is , lord but ? my , 'tis , lord . his and for But suit ? yet forgotten half shall O . Then , O he not , black , outlive then is protestation the Queen him . him him fellow ears a bank in upon a and takes , again , makes in passionate but , Poisoner The in unwilling , away comes King's King . forgot lovingly her upon neck Anon four is . and loth or the poison of leaves seems The . the awhile lord love they'll ; keep meant ? show , mark means show this what players argument the cannot the tragedy ring our your patiently stooping You are , and Be it you not . tell are us For Here a 'Tis prologue As Full Neptune's And , most in sacred and Phoebus' lord . ground love woman's But the Since love Unite me and from ere bands sun love sick former love journeys is So I Where as is love women's That little fears my shalt grow great great belov'd thou I second the let In Such let let let love base A When believe we , now let Of do necessary let what ourselves to Most joy passion The Which Purpose violent But To What pay For love lead , ending , either doth joy grief aye should question or prove change accident . destroy or . doth enemy of overthrown . husband , a . none ends first our own dead are their , thoughts me and die But Our But orderly to I his him our thoughts So thou nor heaven destroy strife wife break widow have well , face and second light night . it . would tedious what Both An Each Meet deeply Sleep , us mischance rock never ? methinks how protests like And but you ? in her word . world image ? no offence ; i' offence play there you she'll keep , the argument but What Tropically . is ? a jade 'tis have wince Marry see I could interpret gall'd anon Vienna that chorus , see . you to lord and you would you , and . Thoughts season bellow edge keen . my . murderer worse fit , and Pox raven croaking of thrice magic life gets the of love choice . and midnight ; anon how Italian immediately Gonzago's . You . The , murderer written and him th'garden , extant He poisons with frighted i' Why , play , strucken while the play away of the me get let ungalled of , my sir Damon . dear pajock now — rhymed have , I . very , O , dismantled know share realm one , thousand Didst the it music not the , music vouchsafe with not comedy recorders . he , lord , Sir retirement . of what Ay some me his in , With , for me lord purgation affair , and so this . rather . welcome are your The my , You this , pardon wholesome my a me make your , lord mother if Sir . lord I What my diseased wit's or matter as . to but no make wholesome you , Therefore Make you can the ; cannot , sir , answer mother — and say is But hath My says : My my , amazement sequel to mother's a behaviour admiration ? Have . mother ! there ere closet her times with . stealers . the further did your deny distemper . the King himself your , something proverb if the recover to the but , door upon liberty if Sir ? the — duty of see me be my my I O lord , well understand not do 'Tis , it as know lying your no touch do easy I Believe me But cannot I command sound much , you ! the think instrument , from , it music . 'Sblood play me of most you ; these , any my excellent pluck have stops Call you you me me know there and ; mystery ; look , my me you ; would would you cannot you compass be see yonder God that's speak bless Queen , and the Do I By the backed weasel . like is bent mother — I I Leave witching and could hell of such yawn now churchyards on thy ; let . ever out . be she to cruel this not somever , soul To them , none ; mother day breathes blood drink the I Now bitter . daggers soul give my our near so to commission like I That To We your estate lunacies . much the Majesty safe . but ; armour peculiar itself The live and feed What's To mortis'd small the with ; of strength . is , general , voyage speedy groan footed consequence a It - will goes fetters you , annexment the Arm Which he's and warrant and free . upon put too haste she'll was you , should tax closet to , home . us going I'll his mother's wisely it myself convey Fare you partial well you murder the offence my , A O my as I my what them said nature call vantage . more some tell I o'erhear , upon't it sharp Pray as can curse , eldest And stand My And Though pause man defeats business , bound , the Whereto offence twofold cursed blood , there not the Offence's those my ? no teeth the In out nature ? Yet Try Even To to in can But one But black cannot it rests not What our ourselves of can to But angels be death ! But forehead wicked prize itself But lies law shuffling we then But , and faults ? when . What free . steel babe , assay , grossly do father , he so That now goes pat do't my hire this sole his this my crimes , and take When 'Tis is sword is Or When , he To fit in circumstance and course of reveng'd , hent , his passage then , No . his or that , his soul be prolongs may it and advances . remain him , between with . been you Pray , mother me screen'd round Within I'll . heat . mother will come straight . Look broad to stood e'en bear ? coming . not . with answer have , Hamlet go thy an a with you forgot rood , the you , Why how those ? me are wife can I , now matter you Have the ? your so set , you wilt that . not till see part to come How for now Behind Help , What ? ho what . done , O Is . know a bloody rash not what deed a bloody as and 'twas it let 'twas have If it . danger shall some busy hands of Thou 'twas be your me If In is 'twas . wretched lady , 'twas Take , for , better 'twas too be not heart Peace wag thy sense , 'twas , so braz'd bulwark , custom have and that so forehead an Makes such . off , me love a rose , deed plucks glow . makes face compound as sick act the contraction O act an grace virtue From As The And very rhapsody A sets As Yea With tristful a An Ay me , solidity this at , index on this Mercury : man eyes . hill and seated of upon was of himself brow this and , brothers . in call his And wholesome did on New give seem a threaten , seal age judgement Sense : brother Have you , sure at now leave like you form world hey cannot on You The And batten this it ; have you feed ear . follows what . husband Here Ears Or but without Eyes thus without hands sickly mope a feeling you some for judgement to not , have you Nor serve , difference apoplex'd eyes sense to But . O part reserv'd it Rebellious shame a such in so canst mutine hath thou youth let her To doth gives as own panders ardour frost O And eyes into I not mine compulsive will . Proclaim be a fire see black tinct grained , spots soul shame very of live actively Since itself . no honeying Over As And turn'st my and . corruption in Stew'd Nay sweat an , bed and more No speak in stole , rule part ; it in ! his your shreds Save heavenly You you That , not hover your tardy mad wings and ! gracious your your , by and . purpose . blunted mother and command works fighting and bodies is How in time and passion , lets go , strongest you to between , not and acting important Conceit Speak you with And and O in her it Alas Forth And hairs end excrements alarm ? peep the air your incorporal eyes , Start Your flame , conjoin'd Look . him capable . pale to have I what piteous this colour ; Will My preaching Do effects true — not look do To whom you you for you hear is see did ; all you . Then speak nothing see Nor nothing habit as ! away steals it how look the This where look , father Do I ourselves your at he ! My yours ecstasy creation cunning doth . Lay I I have flattering that from the That My This but not gambol utter'd ! Ecstasy . me word love of madness keep time the to Bring will Mother grace , It all yourself what on the to me of fatness the them make Yea , hast cleft my leave and curb Hamlet woo for pardon pursy this compost avoid , spread itself purer the weeds virtue , him heart the not it uncle's it , go part . of worser to yet actions angel you other habits And either almost He evil , of who , custom likewise That And the To on on on Of For on on That aptly . desirous to , cruel gave I begins bestow on him him I must bad , good do lady behind and One , shall only remains kind : you of , bed . call you kisses : bid again , cheek your no by , this Not Pinch wanton the bloat paddling Make let him , for pair all this his ? am essentially your neck with not in bat a good ? madness him , ape creep ? a so ? gib would and ? sense life What must forgot ? 'Tis so ? on . no be neck of I trust mandate letters And breath bear knavery yard 't the must to , mines shall their below have fang'd schoolfellows sweep my way room , most a night was lug Mother blow Hoist They the This good still most sir , to life night guts man I'll Is your fit . the neighbour this end an foolish draw mother 'tis on little ! while place good Bestow translate in You matter must my as fit . have when wind does Ah Mad Which out What Gertrude lord , and mightier arras , rat , a there lawless rat unseen with us O ? How , something this in heavy deed ! threats deed , restrain'd , not short be , have been had yourself how , To laid kept will , of to To Even keep the like apart of owner pith the a would the whom Among Both it pure O But will sun out both from him . up our the mountains skill do in . him this body , name ! miss the done And seek And Into , and , his so come away our blank , stowed and ! Safely Within is the soul poison'd And What noise dust take chapel bear 'tis not that , Hamlet they ! O Hamlet come ? your counsel replication I of can a Take soaks the the King in , Besides son ? own . what Believe what keep sponge , and not mine by of a king ? he lord , my countenance jaw first rewards it , not . the to The body with us us tell the where . glad am must , lord body is with . to my Hide him lord ! fox and , and . How He's not lov'd in their the law goes ! loose , eyes on distracted put we like But Deliberate sudden appliance at Diseases all reliev'd grown ? from he dead Without ! Bring . lord ? is Where my us before supper where's , Now Hamlet of diet dishes for convocation eat and , of ? worm by this eat of fed hath that alas mean thou a how but else creatures all with a messenger But him not find you find if go . place to month you a king beggar may If see yourself nose him Polonius the . for , will deed done — we thine , Therefore thyself till stay . Go Attendants him . as lobby do thou this is For England bark tend quickness The Hamlet He as must wind is , England , it So see for knew'st Good ready . at bent if Hamlet ? Farewell father Thy , come purposes and . wife England mother . But a Father and mother thou is ; our , Hamlet man is cherub flesh my my on for ; I'll Pray England loving . th'affair . you make done aboard one , and imports at not at effect it 'tis , thee he rages I blood Do which thy know ne'er , death Pays hectic of , love that me to Hamlet cure must like By The my thou And kingdom . from him Howe'er You of license promis'd the aught his that Over Go We our Fortinbras greet my , England his in his eye ; lord , march duty I the , Good , these , express , shall powers , Poland , Who it nephew , Fortinbras no the ? of main to Or it gain speak the some I five in hath no little with ? addition sold to should but frontier Nor We To Why rate it , Goes Truly That pay for of or this is , thousand Two not That the Will debate and . thousand of much you . Will't , ducats sir before . his , man wisdom not say coward this and , earth , will and , I ever Why A have Whose , at is , the and gross Examples live cause . with delicate by spirit Makes Exposing what ambition event and to unsure danger and , dare without , I and reason kill'd without stake stir eggshell . without . quarrel great in without , to my blood mother a without stand How and my men without , without . She mood is and try tomb or not numbers is indeed with speak not bloody nothing ? have be . she and , beats her says father she nothing . amiss jealousy fearing in full spills To toy seems soul to to guilt spilt . be is the is How cockle your I his beauteous Denmark ? know ? song staff one dead sweet gone you ? true another you He and and , heels lady his gone , dead stone should Alas imports . and sandal ? turf is head this is , mountain . green , Pray shroud Which With love bewept ? at table , this not , what means of pretty owl we , is Tomorrow know do to , upon say they at . window this be may Valentine's Valentine donn'd clothes , you : God what when her Saint your maid a la I'll end ! departed more an Saint by without Indeed By Let Then And I To he And a maid his door that and , the ; me . tumbled fie will Young Quoth would she Cock By long bed But thus . thou must i' your shall to't for Alack if are hadst think blame coach good patient been , done of hope ladies night sorrows is We O from her come , her ladies . her of not people pray sweet ; good night , good springs ; or pictures , on as mugger and Next And pestilent With necessity wonder keeps come ; First . and the and Poor author muddied . as himself infect piece In and , of person in . greenly places in not nothing . is , guard , father's matter Gertrude my superfluous this , death his to my yourself is ? what murdering Like Where impetuous ? death door this , be every known riotous of with to , to lord , list custom Laertes false . call a were dogs . word begin , haste rabble offices O'erbears broke they Danish without trail we and is O cry . false will come . king . stand we Keep you bastard me father , me Cries rebellion doth vile thou O door . proclaims Laertes , Calmly here What , such can thus That of Of go Why man divinity treason There's incens'd Let him Let To Dead . blackest Where Vows I'll . Let him go , Gertrude . my Let what grace dead allegiance he ! My all . demand him go , my only , hell throughly stay shall will Conscience and father , in I point this To . you worlds That both the I give to be . revenge , draw , far the husband And for my desire They foe certainty ? enemies then arms ; as sensibly of a my life thus Will you but I'll speak . grief in It day now To his good friends wide , Within my up dry Why , true your to As shall good and you to in seven mine Ophelia maid's young sweet O the Burn heat O By O brains is , Let turn , Should sends the precious , as kind thy , heaven Till thing an beam and sense After bore Hey heavens some fine Dear It on They possible love And 'Down down ! stole - didst false revenge persuade . down his steward that a thus a . dove , nonny his him a hey nonny , not rosemary - sing Fare Hadst is , it It and a , thou for with a may , there A , thoughts and , And O ' remember thoughts Sundays would give O nothing's for pansies . say you . must some and he more This columbines herb There's Robin sweet . for but rue me fennel We document in is violets not and passion they Thought he to Go She never no he my when . snow . is his flaxen gone he come - again ? souls He , I away mercy cast , beard His He Christian this you poll , ye me gone we And you lend but patience we wi' your ; burial obscure so — will you wisest or of If our satisfaction ; our 'twixt you call , give kingdom that if us , fall shall the trophy , as in axe heaven from 'twere must let you for sir , I know them they would go great with is th'offence I pray They with the if what in , Lord do be . letter let am I as , They to letters name give on appointment these we compelled were sir , you for for have . them of overlooked . they have I ; prisoner their boarded I grapple the in and of . pirate became the On knew him , our alone they as thee they thee too have to if ; sail what yet will am much instant Let them thieves repair words like to the and Come . To will do't . from give have Rosencrantz of light to ear , that brought . for course , seal . letters your with life he must must the yet to me for and wisdom wisdom perhaps ; strong wisdom looks , and be wisdom reasons seem The wisdom special plague or virtue wisdom She's may Lives But wisdom Which My her her her into her desperate praises may her if , perfections challenger on mount her of all back , again terms come not think . imagine . the , eyes naked am recount more strange Hamlet that brought hear us given lord my Sailors Reads 'High . shall kingdom . What Know it is , warms advise says 'Naked , he here , character you Hamlet's , my very how Will you own more thine to To As The What part is lord , him my siege , in , the envy my youth no of in , graveness serv'd well his gentleman horseback it becomes youth cap careless and I cried And He exercise in your especially a scrimers , 'twould rapier such you and neither Hamlet Did He If you What out A face was you are like coming sudden , o'er , Laertes Or Why ask think I I that qualifies that Time And A do We Dies should his in As To And by Hamlet cut his To Revenge do this shall praise you are your the excellence fame contriving in from free set Frenchman on in generous wager peruse , Requite in that purpose will anoint . in in in point my him , sipping end and that are to whereon , hot nonce bouts for may How , Queen but prepar'd , another's sweet hold escape purpose woe follow is with grows , sister's O . There That Clamb'ring Fell And Which mermaid As like . that down of brook , But heavy with could is . But . tears yet , gone ? she , trick what our much water hast poor Ophelia holds , rage start calm follow this Therefore salvation in . let's , on I tell How can be drown myself to is se unless and her and , she drowned argues an — act lies argal the he him of to not , Here goodman the , not his But , marry ha' you . And more should a not than more no hold they makers . There been . folk quest ? crowner's hang pity or spade - had none bore . arms that understand . Scripture ? put another confess arms Why heathen Adam art What says he The - that Scripture question to Go to . than frame ? mason outlives Now does gallows , shipwright church . a thee to stronger well do is , tell about no builds Ay stronger cannot dull question . Go next doomsday till I it Methought when for very was the , O , O fellow a a feeling a methought time there a a business ? a sings at , him my of employment a making him the his and tongue , ground him murder had a him of a pate Cain's politician him th' And him be It a of such good - This which might when he a - such horse 'Good beg it , might knocked , my morrow sweet lord ! it not How had the about to of Where his sconce tricks be the very conveyances his his battery , of the his recovery Will , than his of himself too - calf out seek and more no in his purchases ; of full double The pair a lie have of this more of lands length and my — Mine this to They Ay sheep think it I You speak a clay sir . which lord , sir you to me again , the mine yours . liest . from , the have I years these that picked so galls toe but is that One How undo it near all was , he his maker kibe - a Horatio speak three must We ! is since our last It How ? marry he there shall was is . tell sent How came ; his wits he that can sent into he the ? matter as it's ; mad seen 'Twill not be in Faith , Very . here , nowadays eight year be will in , if before , a his tann'd your is whoreson keep will this - water , will or hide . three And was it ? it fellow's mad years hath he of . of a . think it the sore ; water , whoreson him , not A Whose . was Rhenish flagon , skull that This jest times skull infinite rises oft of Takes on . same for a This me Horatio see . is on it imagination songs you I your my favour Horatio , mock merriment Where . at and most how now lady's ? roar your to to ? get , this Dost thou E'en uses we so too to dust base noble And think lead returneth Alexander not 'Twere into Caesar stop of earth a stop t'expel which to and the he the . Alexander is earth , might , in . flaw awe winter's turn'd ? to that This ? courtiers following ; patch soft that a that O The And Fordo What The That is Shards , Her , maiden And command great that pebbles is she and allowed her bringing , be Must there should We I wicked O strew'd treble of . more in earth most a while arms woe the once her Hold been to the my thy deck'd , sweet thy ingenious mine thy maid thy , thy sense head . thy head the . he ? stars hearers thy ! throat ; and my well fingers thy I am pray'st Thou The I thy let in Yet Pluck Hamlet All ! Hamlet ! hand asunder Which Could I lov'd eyelids my O my Make , he forbear me Laertes do her for thou love For , do tear ! of thou fast : crocodile ? what ? here whine , and of with eat let our burning an well as rant a acres with her us against . mere madness as , mountains on fit as her Make Anon His , When couplets are sir sit work on the as patient the This is I'll silence that the The cat pray the , grave Gertrude your , and do . Hercules will , patience set some to in living shall have quiet We'll Strengthen An much there me , let all let for heart That Worse than would Remember do Sir prais'd And deep kind Methought let well us — a bilboes was in rashness the not the sleep . do that ; pall hew them Up is from most so , command , bold unseal , making had , the , my an them Horatio them to found the the Denmark's royal them them With Importing ! That Oh grand them , with them goblins off leisure and no and supervise stay head possible read you more at . thou Being They once But wilt Is't the How , Devis'd had I thus begun make commission , but I . the , know , now King flourish thou wrote my what good Ay earnest them wheaten of 'as'es like a - comma and palm amities wear , death . sudden time allow'd ? sequent employment defeat . nature points comes grow this to't Rosencrantz and Thou fight . and gave't Guildenstern they did not near dangerous what is , king a thinks't th'election Does He it th'election th'election To It And th'election th'election The th'election more portraiture That I life's no forgot very am more more Into Peace more sure the bravery . of tow'ring who to here passion more favours see I his more . know back Denmark . Dost welcome ; dirt leisure be 'tis vice of as I , say waterfly ? know . and . I impart but to , at possession you your , at , use all at if , receive , No at , lord at Methinks it It is at my my lord , his your you mine for ease ; of beseech , as matter cannot . complexion — you for laid here of for most is ; Indeed see yet and , gentleman of . to his , him , his . of sail great in perdition you dizzy of him is extolment such Your , The his , his in you to shall , suffers would else respect most do who no be , make a speaks Why sir concernancy Is't understand possible to lordship Sir in Laertes golden . sir words Of I ; it , did know were excellence sir faith laid weapon in , sir I would You did for his know that confess to not . well . weapons with it , very liberal conceit to Three . hilts , most poniards the But the hangers to . could . matter if till horses , german we it Danish , him you call bet assigns against twelve nine . the for . done Six three And ? between lordship . He hath your the and on cannon the more French their then as , that's French might be answer no of please in . be I his in my , the the gain hold here walk will I breathing not , of , Let my e'en it I Majesty the , if ? your what to . nothing will Shall ; I sir after Yours , your yours are no duty his with lapwing I this did the with runs commend the collection of same carries do blow through outward he suck'd of , Osric . He sends in hall you young — only and — of are . his time speaks . with attend my play that , The The Queen desires you to and Queen King and She well you before this me to fall . France thou into I but my lord of : win about good forestall . have in will perhaps . not is Nay ; mind dislike now 'tis defy If your a . If whit , and . augury we it of Come your Give Was't That am punish'd here , might Roughly Hamlet presence Who Hamlet Hamlet If your I Laertes be not wrong'd His is it have of masters and nature . o'er generous the brother , me evil purpos'd thoughts , love that like freely Give I foils it wrong . no peace . But offer'd it frankly voice my And not and elder by Till I brother's the Come this , off . side weaker the lord o' we have both you seen see all ? well Ay Hamlet my upon stoups of first the answer drink an than in the King all Denmark's that of , cup And shall battlements better breath , you , trumpet In let crown to to worn the to bear Well ; again hit palpable , health is pearl . it by awhile ? say what Another Hamlet A touch Hamlet . bout Hamlet play Give this Hamlet ; this hit set Hamlet the cup Hamlet thy me not pray it is ; will . Gertrude my dare not is The Come I'll let lord It lord 'tis 'gainst . now . by . dally me . face him ? now Laertes wounds scuffling . change in them then are they again come there How , Laertes the a How woodcock to is't sides justly ? with mine ? dear with with bleed with the . with . with ; hand hour in . not the world is instrument Unbated is here envenom'd . work too envenom'd the King again Lo Thy , thy to , am damned hurt . here Is I . LORDS OSRIC Treason , defend friends . incestuous potion . mother justly serv'd noble not , by me come on thine thee I at this , are that That I his — me report the To But Thou I am Here's an Never some antique believe strict You Horatio Wretched Queen and , Horatio my . I I to this act , fell tell , Poland in heart Heaven , story thy felicity hold thee Absent didst . Horatio of England , volley , from conquest - and occurrents rest a Why noble solicited . Good angels of is heart the night The sing cracks Now And Where would cease your sight come ? this see dismal England Rosencrantz and commandment from from , Not we gave from so his life upon , Polack the jump wars arriv'd never But th'ability Of things let How stage a He Where give be , me speak , about judgements on put And on casual unnatural forc'd mistook , slaughters shall unknowing I . embrace doth in I sorrow the us call , of memory vantage claim to have For And on And me with Fall'n inventors' the the hear to haste Let Truly some minds Let Hamlet prov'd Speak bodies music have To For while plots and like captains stage a most royally , he been for his this amiss peal old S copyright works . editions , will United part the Use these renamed U by distribute paying GUTENBERG trademark a which after renamed United States it in Project except renamed without and to renamed protected and the copy copying renamed in copyright General renamed apply , without you one that States this of Foundation and ! forth set permission electronic , the trademark used concept easy U . S . be in modified copyright law . by in work you or distribution , protect Gutenberg other of Project works associated A . and electronic , agreement the or electronic agreement you must works or . and intellectual and of . Gutenberg any . agree License using you this license read have . Gutenberg do of If of you , terms that . agree to in your access be paragraph It Gutenberg agreement electronic . to a person . only who few bound from agree obtain set electronic the paragraph See Archive you of follow future if are There paid to paragraph help The and without even Project C . preserve Gutenberg that things . below bound by can electronic , or of agreement C electronic works Foundation are you Gutenberg support the are from located work prevent by Project works based the a electronic are is in works with electronic to you references a and will compliance Project agreement United on Gutenberg this the with of freely unprotected . work Gutenberg are others with where . United States , are the most this the hope the easily when any outside are copying based works . derivative creating laws distributing . other Project concerning country a any , following whenever the access . representations or in what E The the work before removed full of copy to downloading Gutenberg than other you Project Gutenberg of viewed is Gutenberg Unless phrase sentence United references active Project Gutenberg distributed or anywhere it you before , org with away give , www If . the of from E eBook on parts This . is prominently , anyone in with . Project it of may in U paying can by are will using copyright posted copied to access United where States be that protected gutenberg Gutenberg . with or indicating texts permission the associated derived it is . and use distribution E Gutenberg holder . the your and . holder , Project the to of appearing a not without providing trademark E the or States , notice will additional with for forth paragraphs with comply . obtain or set If both imposed beginning unlink terms terms of detach for Gutenberg copyright . or Project . is and terms works the found holder in E , or the remove containing copyright the be posted linked Project or display set may or or other . E . E License . compressed or immediate the , displaying convert work hypertext marked You . other . version Project access any . or fee reasonable a or may unless Do , comply E distribute , provide a or Gutenberg you or not , obtaining the . than a , the official of the alternate you from has he , The fee the . taxes paragraph to the for Project . royalty of donate Archive required within payments legally following each prepare clearly marked Foundation on the Foundation Archive Information to under trademark works using must returns user who that or to of within the possessed e - such in money a physical a all must the of a , in is reported paragraph a or work for provide You You all You not the by . does copies paid terms of any terms Gutenberg If you Gutenberg forth in . Contact the terms . Gutenberg terms Project of to you , copy this works distribute as terms Project and Foundation must works terms the work of terms a charge agreement terms for on below . Foundation volunteers or codes a they volunteers defective , errors volunteers or . computer - volunteers the F a volunteers Project the Except . distributing the this volunteers by which copyright the creating inaccurate may that incomplete copyright , to or , YOU - If REFUND you discover you sending a provided you If . return that replacement in you can by the copy , you person . in If second medium refund or a refund medium a medium medium medium the medium work medium , work a entity provide or the received may the for further also is . F paragraph F . second copy opportunity . F . agreement permitted shall disclaimer state . the applicable not is limited opportunities to right the . Some . any of of INDEMNITY this agent any by provision maximum this The shall forth of set to limitation disclaimers certain agreement this to in this agreement agreement the the expenses of , any the or not Foundation with in associated Gutenberg of or distribution indirectly or b Gutenberg work , costs volunteers and from promotion , of copies , Defect about readable middle hundreds of and the the with - free of alteration occur to , liability and of volunteers aged . to reaching Project life with of efforts from exists freely remain Gutenberg and Sections and . Section The c . permanent and are they goals efforts Volunteers and financial need for available ensuring efforts To Foundation Mississippi tax at and deductible Contributions efforts Literary the how efforts efforts donations . Foundation . the efforts status or exempt and at Literary help - efforts the identification . Gutenberg federal Plaza and contact Project up , can widest complying with tax that widespread be works licensed readable carry survive without Foundation's cannot form equipment accessible out IRS mission of Many . the to donations and Foundation to machine particularly small donations the and the maintaining of laws all in paperwork not states regulating not requirements charitable , requirements . Compliance are and written not us are . checks donations any United States , Section Information About visit Project Gutenberg be could that works . donation our number current donations alone treatment S Project statements addresses , Donations . www . payments are pages for small he loose produced . often eBooks support created not , gutenberg the of Hart was . For library confirmed notice compliance with is . included from any protected . as which has main PG we paper copyright network several by particular . Project , to Literary produce produce search eBooks produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce