Stand Stand 'Tis Stand Stand For this relief Stand Stand much am . carefully thee Get Stand . to 'Tis at heart guard Not do watch of you struck now And rivals Have I And hear liegemen Give , honest Give , him good Horatio , piece . What , seen . him of us . night come it seen , speak , the westward Barnardo hear , two fortified against our , story , nights of and — part , heaven , speak ; like Look Marcellus one off comes dead Horatio . Horatio , Mark it . speak charge . form thee buried warlike of Denmark time . thee charge away ! pale . speak ! armour this . not believe thyself he When Without frown'd he In Good now this down martial , and and the , me of my that . our the land cannon to I hour dead know opinion , King Our Fortinbras pride , of . now by so goes can can inform Fortinbras , lands compact , his seal'd heraldry all life , inheritance the by our ; vanquisher To Hamlet to And he carriage Of His Of this of this the take hand , full here this us , our and the so e'en watch sort be it armed was As it doth recover terms to And The I That Comes think post trouble state Julius mind's of so this figure King wars these like . the , of the and in fire and the dews the of and . behold though Lo and heaven prologue As Did with And And earth Have Unto earth soft earth earth to If earth For , of it . Stay treasure earth if Extorted Stop earth Speak I it Shall ! not strike at will with partisan . stand it here it 'Tis , mockery . the trumpet a heard shrill . have thing , is to sounding - and and at earth I , like the when malicious show the it it And to And It was with , The Doth confine god a Upon his of the . faded Some Wherein bird , are The then The This they say that on object and his in the Awake And Saviour's then spirit 'gainst crowing of the the is season night no planets . probation celebrated all is power time believe , cock singeth , high by eastward . clad seen have , watch our up us consent we , dumb Unto Let I Walks have So But we needful Do spirit do't , Where we As Break young in to , acquaint , pray Voltemand most , to life my will fitting shall dear Attendant . morning this , and our Hamlet yet far we That bear memory Yet so be in , wisest with To The hath sister 'twere as our Together contracted hearts green one fought ; woe Lords be with jointress this of ourselves on it brother's and , brow discretion our Though of in that grief , Have we equal and delight dirge defeated a , think Th'imperial With Holding follows wisdoms , auspicious With , one mirth With In affair nor For ; dear , freely , brother's with message , law lands bonds time we all surrender pester and our weak that supposal be , Your along which . you dream of us disjoint of with , to this the for ourself and brother uncle , bed : in , to Fortinbras rid scarcely writ is is is is dispatch is , scope personal , is haste VOLTEMAND than Norway , duty . show articles your and of Laertes , cannot voice be more native , instrumental of , to I return , came to coronation to ? Polonius . pardon says me and hard at from ; seal'd hath He My thoughts and you Have By his do fair best hour , and — will my at time Laertes What wrung , And But Laertes my than more cousin graces beseech Laertes Upon I Take Laertes thy Laertes Laertes thy less son and still colour Laertes ? you Laertes . dust the eternity nature , noble look cast am too ever madam , know thee . mother good solemn suspiration of the visage , show woe Hamlet in your that have the trappings me forms the the all of suits of forc'd fruitful haviour moods These shows man nature , some and of suits his to course term ; father must these . obstinate be thing and , persevere to impatient heaven , dead , the most To fault and absurd of still We ' you be reason against heart Why any know will a unfortified what Of impious most and , corse . most immediate the sense to nature cried today of Fie we should which impart , From the back most , You Than Do , 'This unprevailing going And , are you and , father to love , intent , go ; beseech we As of with And , of his desire to our . fair a , son . accord . best her to . you obey cheer our loving stay thy courtier prayers , reply grace the to health and in a us madam Hamlet of heart gentle , Hamlet whereof shall shall Why as to and come today away would into itself resolve too rouse that jocund No the the smiling Sits And cannon King's speaking O and not an should so much come loving to this heaven and earth of my to , Heaven mother , grown on was that ! hang had a is winds would thy shoes name were body she yet within woman — discourse , reason — those poor , followed tears ! brother A month fed it not little , mourn'd which , but beast all salt of . longer — the to , Hercules Than I that such the , flushing Ere She my nor most , married is , for cannot to it dexterity heart not , I O your left Had With And same break It to , I glad Horatio And good My ? friend ; with from Marcellus , name my good , make that , change But your , you But . know in own — Wittenberg good hear do it make I my is me , drink you . to see hard follow'd upon . bak'd the marriage The , Horatio I had coldly met forth , all all goodly upon him was like . I yesternight I deliver I you I may ! father , I while I . gentlemen I night gentlemen on figure and Marcellus Upon an attent the and encounter'd point dead Armed God's Season your ear admiration a for these . me had Barnardo waste at thus Almost speak before Two This let love these , middle A , them . exactly - thrice eyes him to with stately and , by - fear them ; length and whilst the both , This to in true your . we to ; the knew I none up lifted it not . once to even Itself It then at the And And But like morning shrunk would , away crew cock our from it , vanish'd it as But answer we To let think my very strange motion head And As do 'Tis live did We his head face foot ? beaver to toe . his ? anger . in , countenance Pale or he , red lord , he very been constantly you pale . upon . it long hundred might tell . BARNARDO Longer like I Most have had It amaz'd moderate would with MARCELLUS and Stay'd , His While was was It I Perchance it though my noble . peace 'twill I will A If be to I'll understanding you eleven twelve . you , still itself should gape ; tongue ye fare So hap and . no well not Farewell . deeds ; foul soul men's is : All in play earth sit the still foul father's My all Till , necessaries sister And My convoy permanent in perfume violet a let , and suppliance youth and not Forward A it The Hold but more of sweet , No must , unvalu'd will subject on yielding whole of and ; depends that says loves choice as his nor crescent now And and bulk service Perhaps the this as of . withal wide inward weigh'd virtue greatness Grows His the head . this state he far if his health choice persons body place believe he do , songs importunity rear in , fear your prodigal moon the of desire beauty and to calumnious strokes not Out To too heart And of keep Too If itself 'scapes her shot the The she canker the the is and be of , ear enough . affection sister dear . spring the maid oft Virtue The to itself in , safety buttons morn wary Contagious as steep puff'd way reckless and ungracious pastors good liquid blastments And Be my heart of , Youth Show And the like some here leave for , you shame with of , Aboard your , memory thy thoughts his act , the with in few . unproportion'd soul palm no and entertainment hoops ; no tongue vulgar , these stay'd sits ? There , aboard , dull hatch'd , unfledg'd but may quarrel beware ear , censure thine th'opposed habit rich , fancy , not gaudy thy thy can voice ; judgement . that be chief loses a oft best lender and rank and husbandry proclaims of they not express'd select to follow it above all And of Are Costly in most loan the the be each thy man's a borrower oft apparel in the dulls blessing the night any to man . tend well . friend of as not Most canst This time invites do my humbly , 'Tis in shall have I What you , So is't please , Have Given of it me be time private in way of — as caution , daughter my not so do to you most 'tis I must yourself . tell honour you many me clearly up tenders bounteous your truth oft of : bethought hath of green , them call . the so yourself Give and late like a girl ; think baby phrase . to , lord , soul , both making higher this From Lord young Hamlet , is Ophelia ; For few are , rate he he . fire entreatments him that a of presence ; walk show brokers : forth Hamlet ways . time all bawds suits unholy and , moment come talk slander beguile like that believe The would As Look to't ; shrewdly It shall you , This is for Lord with it is lord , my very . air struck spirit It is . cold now of not I ? is What an near hour ? it mean , my to . tonight this swaggering draughts and does Rhenish down , rouse ; drum it pledge thus reels lord and of his - triumph a , is . his wont ? and The The , wassail as mind Is his drains he And kettle So They Makes More And From Soil clepe us drunkards , and And manner the - us This to my traduc'd , and , and the though perform'd and our they some too of much that the say Nature's of nature birth achievements The for their their down habit plausive I Fortune's or be undergo pure star one defect , corruption — guilty in particular in chances , Since some His , To own , it substance as . The take may us , doubt lord scandal , from goblin or from heaven or damn'd ! Hamlet . a wicked defend blasts charitable ! sepulchre the jaws tell answer health . of , father not canoniz'd Hath , dead the glimpses What may inurn'd ; hell shape thee but quietly ; Dane burst thy Making So hideous , his op'd bones thus horridly thou beyond That me cerements , Why we saw again corse Revisit'st , thoughts ! thee O nature , we disposition moon , why Say with not by it . desire did . courteous what To do a no then life my set But . it with my , be No follow will immortal again tempt waves if do , not a do means speak not Why will Do soul my for should ; it I'll flood of reason of desperation the roar it fathoms sea of brain into , It hears many still . beneath to ? the the cliff , it horrible the . form follow waves You Go on off shall not , every my hands . gentlemen . each cries Nemean Go away I'll . obey him follow after will to imagination with . lets me , me Unhand — ghost of him ? come this . of it follow ? lead Whither thou me I . direct him further go . me wilt Pity I am . bound , me Must My almost sulph'rous to When I What revenge thou for And confin'd term to Alas lend thy serious hear , shalt night to what , Would I thy To and the eyes , a freeze start to part from thy lightest I word , house young , end on ; two Thy Like hair upon fretful , locks . like combined eternal quills tale day certain thy , the am unfold crimes a Doom'd Till the of flesh But Make could particular up thy didst this Revenge . to , the murder love with , most But Murder thee be weed hear Hamlet my Lethe apt or thou in in stir stung me that As know't ease . whole my of orchard . of in as , May sweep this me Rankly A Mine my his crown thou of know did Is by ; that shouldst duller And Wouldst 'Tis Now The With seduce of O witchcraft wit most gifts Ay , From O The to that incestuous , with that ; gifts poor in love what wicked , though to a shape it were with off - to , adulterate shameful was that of angel celestial radiant scent garbage a in And the on Sleeping . my in whose ! Upon will hand her made it virtue in a as natural court Will But soft lewdness a wretch it sate lust whose marriage and link'd , I . always secure cursed hour be my the leperous such Holds With Brief So And Upon The thin a wholesome vigour of into milk posset ; mine So , alleys whose of it did it , did effect man doth , quicksilver and sudden - even life Of Cut , but all in the disappointed ! to my account sin once smooth sleeping gates , instant eager a on thee royal O smooth horrible If off of crown , my smooth of my All smooth And Thus imperfections , incest , soul to those smooth that in heaven , smooth . head thy contrive , lodge bosom ; bear let adieu couple O Taint prick The all And you you shall I me away forms table . grow , sinews ? of 'gins pale the shows to - worm matin uneffectual Remember What , instant Remember records , else . heart memory thee O ! Hold seat , by there , heaven ! Denmark observation villain it , I smiling observation ! brain shall ? observation . my to Now remember . me so be damned woman Yes of observation in set and ! observation , have it matter volume a observation are you , Meet it is , ' down smile . word ; lord , come , my ho ! ho , boy is't be So . Illo Hamlet Heaven , Hillo Good lord you then , Nor , my would Not Ay a . think . heaven . from come . you once it Denmark knave my . the grave in all — own my , my : lord . desire point and pray go , is it as Such These Yes heartily you poor I hold it fit your For You and And is For O'ermaster't Yes as are one scholars what , soldiers us tell , no an your you As It , me , And is what you have seen . and my HORATIO In you to desire Give friends is't Never have sworn I , Swear indeed . but swear't Nor , on ha We Cries Indeed the so Art thou cellarage . seen . swear speak to , under boy this the you my ubique shift we'll Then Beneath by sword , truepenny , heard . my . sword my . sword our . that Swear Never Hic et ? again Come . hither Swear . ground . But , Horatio mercy . earth it . friends ? fast . strange good so , would' if could , this or or times arms we Or some - never , you I , heaven in of odd soe'er 'We or an shall on — do not might' to such , my all grace Or With , rest poor spirit gentlemen you to as commend a love And May perturbed us on fingers his willing cursed . Swear at aught you , God The And your shall do That ever , let's go set . joint of what Rest t'express not these this I him marvellous Before visit Of shall , Give money , inquiry notes Reynaldo . make to him did well are and and nearer , you ; in behaviour , wisely they finding , more drift my 'I know do Ay , in Take , part he , him' 'And in ; such , forgeries Addicted him be so I but so But As thus part well , mean , wanton him . say and dishonour my liberty noted ; if't As , sir are youth companions go so ? and ; you and , dishonour . him the and . and charge faults liberty on ; and and As and and — blood fiery incontinency of this good my , my lord , I would . that my of little is these laying I But do A flash savageness in assault You Ay And Marry lord know my here's fetch a converse in believe , sir , sullies you Mark it drift on son would prenominate this breathe ever him a , be guilty the soil'd with so the and , was — was I about this — crimes consequence ' leave I did ? sir , the so in 'friend sir , ' or ; or or . Where . ' , day and ; such with saw He And Very my he consequence and know ay ' 'gentleman marry ? as , now truth assays , do of With By indirections and . of perchance , See of of former my And by windlasses of bias ? sale' tennis' him falsehood brothel a saw , we Videlicet Your lord , I my . lecture directions wisdom this have . fare you have lord I , well the matter ? affrighted . so God of chamber foul'd my his , each in before me . of other hell ? unbrac'd , loosed had , hat And , as My To Pale No he a his so he shirt his , lord by the length my he . it , not And end . He it did his thrice As last would with goes falls it perusal thus wrist arm so mine stay'd of waving to That doors last he over without on help eyes turn'd go , bulk his his shatter up shaking such draw head thus all and Long , profound , he shoulder without seek their went find lets me their I very the the to go This afflict , head to As , Come No , command did you letters access . King the itself sorry of , fordoes property will natures hard late oft lord I undertakings desperate any him to mad heed did jealousy ! our any his meant not am I my I And It cast beyond ourselves to he with that quoted More it That love close , grief As had to wreck better have you provoke King our in is discretion be Moreover Welcome hide which common to . To that thus should , move than that hate to his up heard it brought youth ; dear gather ; put be . young as unknown so , from pleasures ; And Resembles Our sending hasty than I Some much aught open'd ; you us ; thus not living him hath in to Good And To , him with neighbour'd visitation and time If by rest here your companies on you , hath am more As power king's your so I , are there men two , he , We , bent us , hope our of shall . remembrance here much Thanks Hamlet to Than My helpful our presence . you Rosencrantz Heavens Pleasant and my and still and where Go changed make our is you , some of bring hold good . practices to . him Have hast , Ay sure brain this policy . have King , been Assure return'd Norway duty God — that of . I As think , not us'd that or lunacy do I or fruit very hath or Both to my and to my cause or or , do I And The the or found hear , it or to them . to long our ! him sift shall we Say Voltemand desires ? all . distemper he other found hath son's my what of , is father's whereat he 'gainst levies nephew's His was his in hand , sends preparation a be To Well better Fortinbras , and arrests , fine truly Polack appear'd in brief ; more . Norway annual with your never , Polack ; old his With against rebuke Makes give Whereon levied three before , That It so ; vow of overcome arms : pass , allowance safety crowns soldiers arms obeys further the arms enterprise give entreaty as before his , read arms quiet . labour business arms we'll ; those fee , and arms you herein this us more an set consider'd , at it for well . time duty : and ended you rest our And , This thank and upon well to , should we Answer your home night outward but I will Mad but since brief My well , son mad . night . is majesty is nothing Therefore I I swear I with let But is That call matter 'tis use no art More What to be nothing art A for 'tis , let it . true 'tis find rather Or say grant Madam , remains it Thus mad he it effect — have us , have by this defect , obedience remainder comes of this remains figure . And use foolish at Perpend true all . 'tis true : 'tis , no is shall Hath Who daughter duty , and beautified you vile of now effect , most is 'beautified' the — will I ; be awhile To me my , given and from but idol doth liar . at Doubt I best But Hamlet phrase madam Doubt Doubt am I that . dear thee dear in that the stars art fire reckon Adieu ; best , is him love means show'd receiv'd hath All out more obedience lady , whilst solicitings . his think you how daughter ? place given . fain But this seen had she But hot , love what daughter perceiv'd of do mine , and , might that ? you you , think on honourable , bespeak round idle mute table might thy , you . book tell and wing and , winking told prove so your . think upon the desk or his receive is young a dumb , queen , star of must dear had look'd a prince short What my should Fell Thence wherein the a done Admit must Or heart this , make my a — she be ? love did precepts of , madness he , repulsed sadness , a , we you lightness I declension by then from gave , raves he then herself tokens advice , wail no , know , positively a watch the fruits 'tis tale to otherwise I'd likely . otherwise so from it hid prov'd will were that . hid Within this I know Take is When ? together hours find further indeed it Here I'll encounter be And So a Be you Mark time and not me in the . daughter arras farm be . a and keep he does from I behind . But . If thereon a . comes carters it - Lord , you the give ? lord . well - were Not O away . man me lord Excellent Then you Well would , honest be to sir very true , dog maggots That's , you honest is my so . lord a you as man good carrion in ten a as have , youth first you truly walk . was I again And . gone me How is on words my ? he conceive , words this by is sun said Between I suffered What ? him . Words ; that th' Conception Friend harping in matter . I speak Still a the What . For . I'll . their and All with plum hold yourself . satirical that it backward , like a I hams weak - beards matter yet , you potently ; that go air this , their I it the out . which are , old be believe most sir here slave says plentiful there , wrinkled Aside delivered prosperously be should have a , to , my the contrive replies ! means I , cannot . hits humbly most will that is out happiness life withal sanity are often . my , my , well be on method in't his and and you of leave ? more will I willingly except take sometimes life my , take the air madness How pregnant reason . that him , which . is he I will leave lord life my Lord old to my except save To . honoured you . there , lord ! thou How My you , button - the ye very happy not not . her earth . children ? her middle . her of ? is strumpet she of shoe favours over are we or , the privates a ; is more , world's prison the in , waist her about your But of that particular is the Fortune , secret parts you my None , worst are is Denmark's my ? one being goodly Then there 'tis then you it makes one We world , th' to , think so for . ambition thinking ; Denmark so makes then be could bounded I in not is , were , is God your the so a , 'tis , I for ; itself indeed it one of but nutshell Truly upon you . th' , shadow's light . rest the with GUILDENSTERN and dream . that fay court our . to We'll sort man friendship the ROSENCRANTZ wait you , visit such but shadow For other ? for you thank I make most ; Elsinore . outstretch'd you by my But free but at nay halfpenny And ? come What my my thanks it visitation you . too ; for have your You . Were ? and have Queen and which a sent , dear of no , we even , my should lord me were purpose in ; your to But confession colour enough , Is are Is good I with ? me teach to looks But the by in know , withal you kind say sent is . obligation , sent of better a by modesties not you our were If you , proposer hold you . for sent . lord have me were off . no anticipation What love prevent no my ? feather moult we for to , canopy wherefore My , majestical ; you Queen fretted late I earth , most this of and ; a and a , forgone of beauty god golden with disposition what , me a , sterile custom that this why , heavily of it this so , and fire , action , say no , look goes reason my was apprehension moving is man , how in admirable ; in brave ; 'Man seem your Man of in to . you quintessence world in appears no other of smiling not they are lord then if from king the Why delights . yet to : the ? is neither Lenten , way on man entertainment , th' or man use coted in tribute lover ; the foil halt the knight shall you his I and verse tragedians . players freely for't ; plays receive humorous What take Even the He of say to profit How shall travel think , be welcome his are they Their better the was in the the ways , city residence mind whose lungs ? reputation ? means both in not when . delight such . in How did followed ; they , top out the now are of pace are . for't , endeavour , stages No so - goose , indeed rusty on call afraid are berattle of of , they quality maintains they tyrannically little that they and 'em These them fashion , it them succession their common scarce that say How come ? sing , do there is , wearing . not as do ? the many thither and poet the to no to — no in them been against both There bid sin there longer ? a went exclaim them tarre unless to much was player ? much been throwing has no , strange it . sides on question argument for there very not mouths do O the Ay at ; that make would they a something are appurtenance of you Gentlemen welcome , lest mother ? are The comply I which Let hands , ceremony like entertainment aunt , than Your players players Elsinore and dear When is wind lord west the handsaw - appear the and me my . tell . is clouts That hearer swaddling an old man . it me a have news to of Monday . Mark . morning Roscius you . for tell sir a to come time Happily prophesy comes : twice not is there he my Upon . the , you are , buzz hither an my , Plautus light , or for , the , ass , scene nor he are what a , he , he had he Why , and — loved he daughter my passing on he Still he right , old I well lord , follows my lord ? wot , it . was more For . look see my well thee heaven than when , your . or , us acted it — much lines speech One and , fine . method phrase in with mine as of sallets no the honest If , Dido . me he it in and . dismal more couched trick'd complexion horridly mothers with tyrannous . fathers blood Black Hath With is of That murders like o'ersized with coagulate the hellish . discretion good , sword , wide fell Ilium , hideous his crash top senseless with a Pyrrhus and to some will against rack the and , as winds in as we the often Did bold hush the region death ; sets the , armour than forg'd falls strumpet synod round low the to . fiends too beard , or too — Prithee too come too ! good too down threat'ning , too that the , heaven of eyes — in's . hear let the soon time Good of , tears this you their them ill . than desert his desert and . dignity The in Take , their and after honour . bounty own . your every man in hear a We'll sirs Can lord . play you a need down for set study ? and insert a . you mock look , I'll leave not . Elsinore you . do , tears , I her , my king her peak a her Yet , life ? coward her cause across ? her ? th' ? her be cannot throat it this this ! my lie me face i' lack gall , This father most kindless dear and is kites bawdy brave murder'd villain villain hell a very upon't revenge by , the like , Prompted a scullion my whore to About A my creatures Fie , struck the to proclaim'd so They Been miraculous something . like organ uncle him to course devil shape . the mine my my and potent yea my that spirit the devil , he but I his of tongue have quick The I'll murder observe the know tent be Out he relative than catch pleasing is I'll play's . me . the circumstance on puts drift of And Grating what does harshly him why can He cause confess feels he turbulent With from But from do him forward no himself with we But Did he like gentleman to madness to crafty bring Of would receive true state his with in but of his a Most fell to reply much free question , our him assay any out him a are Of certain pastime these him . me edge delights purpose give ; it doth much , shall so further too accident Gertrude him a inclin'd , hither for leave We And , Ophelia ourselves their him be sent myself and sent Will Sweet have Affront , sent th'affliction of may so by of thus sent shall I obey good sent the be hope I Ophelia shall . again your sent way please . of . here wildness bring To Madam so Read in blame And . show ourselves will Your We How 'Tis too The devil himself that doth we with give O , thing helps it , conscience word lord . art ! my ! painted is mind that to fortune suffer question , to . die ay there's ache by them arrows of outrageous in against arms , Whether slings and is to more Or And No to sleep For For That would wrong calamity off what . of pause have of death this the makes The bodkin patient and the country , something bare grunt But No that The traveller With he merit ? might himself dread undiscover'd makes to o'er enterprises regard their action in . pith currents native of know hue cowards make does others us rather conscience bear thus that with great of of the my sins orisons , moment turn for you now , well , longed you for , to remembrances receive not for now gave you know I lord for I you , your for thank for aught you My That for My And with There , ha My lord Are fair Ha your your my , your to to have than your the of love a did your beauty of will was This your . I proof my lord sometime your believed Indeed have we relish it of me , your shall I a borne me breeder . not so such proud to . crawling of Go of of I have , beck , between us at them my or fool the Where's shut him own sweet him give pure as I'll as thee for play needs escape marry them Farewell ! wilt you restore go well farewell : heavenly too powers ; another , jig You . yourselves nickname God's I'll marriages no paintings your you heard , and have face lisp to more shall rest O , what , of The glass Th'expectancy the more and that they are it as . married keep are , and rose And Th'observ'd of , unmatch'd what not though , he like ? have form jangled noble that see That Will I And Was be Thus For set Whereon It himself well . What But . fashion his of do origin from and . Lord now of us . My love tell all you if it shall brains the From Sprung need yet his , Hamlet after alone mother , send shall must shall . think find she where in with the , confine entreat round him be let grief his plac'd their conference be all To players offends must you it , Nor . whirlwind of saw the very the you do , to air fellow pated . of many as gently ; tear groundlings it of action end whose nature the 'twere to modesty , the . Now unskilful the pressure laugh , must in one but make the the I allowance or the that speak , gait the not nor to the — players the and the overdone up for age nature the the to the anything at the very your have it I abominably so made , the accent . O and , so have praise man imitated that And let them . for on some down some set quantity there necessary uses That's to . altogether it , is set meantime laugh villainous that haste make the Bid Will you two and piece . presently lord . a just I ; man withal cop'd as lord flatter thee , flatter'd ? pomp knee thy should Why I hast candied soul follow may And my of dear clothe no That and , Nay feed what And Since seal'd could As Hast one , in man and are what she please , ay slave , and my this . of will Fortune's . circumstance the of near of me that wear are before too in core heart's As are In my Which are Even , I One There prithee Observe Do have are of a is mine with are It And a Vulcan's damned are I 'scape In we Give imaginations . As my If he my to And are coming Get my . flourish Rosencrantz my ? Hamlet a my How of the cousin and my dish : chameleon's ; say My these you accounted good once . mine Capitol a ? th' ? a calf patience . there killed . kill'd was me I to him part of my lord , No To , O King . lie ? mark that attractive more ? your lap ? legs lord ? lie my between ? That's Do are , maker my how you cheerfully only , jig sables , heavens O . there's by'r the , let die build churches is then may Queen him 'For is ! unto ' him down forgot epitaph . King's comes the in Anon , and embracing . upon , and , a the Mutes King dead loth dead pours leaves neck of show upon head , with returns , finds or unwilling . awhile my . mischief means the argument of players this tell fellow they tell Will show you'll show You know We any or a this Is We beg stooping your or the my love woman's 'Tis moons hath wash times Tellus' with twelve sacred your sun and ere may in commutual times thirties have world hearts , our cheer me again is , from and count you In is fears grow thee , their live powers love my what , love doubts and functions love fair leave , this and in , husband belov'd shalt thou Honour'd Where And needs must love In husband let Wormwood . tree the , poor the determine what kill thrift I time instances When believe violent Purpose A second . you oft to , they that we sticks memory but slave fruit ourselves to like , But Where The either own Grief most , is our That either The And poor great For either either man down either The And who who For either hitherto end devices That But Our wills So thoughts our thy die earth But Our and fates do are second no wilt , still ends lock give thoughts me from my the lasting and face wife , hope my of now break be . awhile . here , with sleep brain , Sweet sworn grow tedious . beguile twain ? and leave I ? no offence ? no offence word play th' , jest the she'll : are it work : but his the image . a my lord . us of not King and This You interpret I majesty and we jade a you between are my a you keen to croaking murderer . and take groaning Still husbands , you , doth bellow thy revenge , infected thrice dire immediately for's season apt else fit drugs . time ; property , creature seeing and collected weeds His fire false . light some o'er play Give me All lights . the . my rest must . players if roses of some Provincial feathers cry world while ungalled , forest share one know whole , pajock reigns here , on of sir razed dost thou Half , poisoning Come note well . likes it not , marvellous distempered him ? choler to him perhaps this the start not plunge signify and hath , more far my , tame put , my , doctor Good Queen good commandment you your you to not you you lord , your courtesy You business you What My wit's , say you , mother answer , you into her you struck — my such mother is ? But you But . rather matter the ; shall you ten the so stonish this admiration go to you further me and once with trade your deny you if own , door your do you with speak obey And I upon lord Good that , Ay the recorders to the of me Let . you Sir , I the in if , my duty if I O lord How the Denmark grows To withdraw drive do toil into something musty pipe . your with you , Believe My beseech I beseech beseech know I it , are harmony you beseech ; not stops beseech would You out top beseech . finger and these mouth have me of the ! you make note of stops , think voice me . camel almost in shape , do you you , me what , 'Sblood Call you bless pipe ? me , Do it is Methinks by a like a like mass to — Very like will will I I say . by come It is a and mother I now very the 'Tis to this look to quake O do churchyards And thy firm the I to my mother Leave Would To never this her be Contagion world such Nero soul and in give somever To somever somever The speak will tongue them somever somever I somever somever keep With the and Most And keep peculiar depend like it with of all The spirit many from strength and life your Majesty provide will We live the adjoin'd . summit it of a of massy mount falls , consequence which ruin Never things a rest much the is Dies The That lives alone near What's but ten it speedy lesser the It ; with you , ROSENCRANTZ now will convey haste - to arras I'll , too we pray , put to , goes will and GUILDENSTERN . myself it said a , liege mother was go bed o'erhear , him closet . should , know home ; not upon't Pray rank , eldest Thanks O , It Though My To And neglect as in serves mercy , fall ? look up force , blood first bound , the business strong as sharp defeats a guilt to where than white in not rain but pause double cursed brother's this shall I but but prayer ! but itself is out And but Or is but serve my mine be the one , those but 'tis hand corrupted In effects May That turn which I me my ; lies faults ? rests What it cannot one . O to as struggling ! state can evidence . What Art O Yet To give wretched engag'd knees ; soul what ! repentance it as All sinews of be may , and of ? black bosom can in Even more - be death repent not ? when . born with new , babe . steel : he be scann'd : to would . pat the well Now now so He . I , so my kills his , crimes our him stands , am knows as , who course And and May bread full this , as , No hent passage bed some ; pleasure asleep season'd drunk take To When Up When how heavy 'Tis all his him But And With his . thought his his : soul reveng'd for or more ? horrid of the purging thou ; act at may My damn'd salvation or and about kick . heaven , stays and , be heels of but , This The physic that straight have lay him , between home Look too stood . e'en with mother with you pranks Grace . Mother , Withdraw thou Now . warrant , question wicked tongue . idle an now Why What's forgot the me , by Queen it I'll , You And the are your so , come go How now Behind see till sit not you you You Nay , Come me , know hast ! done not a bloody deed As what what . Behind I Is marry 'twas rash , kill it , king a good and this bloody What In so That is damned Leave Thou let made of heart have and proof it rude that , noise done custom it If have grace hypocrite fair blurs the Such forehead of against blush and act off of innocent of , of false From As A With rhapsody very the as soul and solidity and compound Heaven's as against at what picture loud me , Ay visage tristful thought - counterfeit and thunders and , this presentment of grace a upon The eye curls like A station on did . like Have eyes mildew'd you . humble it's your , follows , have you at , sure what you that sense , have , blind smelling true all , sense is thy , sight ? blush sans without hoodman What devil choice thrall'd was't ? in , very more grained in and in in , charge burn , shame no in will panders Hamlet there As And in I will turn'st not such eyes doth . bed making ; and but an sty me , sweet enter O words No more like to honeying more no enseamed part vice . villain the A shelf lord twentieth not is murderer precedent of cutpurse Of slave A from Save he's You he's O say blunted works he's mother thy to look But Is , forget he's your . he's command almost , Hamlet . soul he's ? he's purpose . alarm vacancy discourse , peep ? stones look action Then him flame of O excrements son , he look to convert , conjoin'd . with . this colour whom true want Lest them capable ; speak ! what I perchance is you yet this for ? have there all Do ourselves that you at Nor , look father the , look steals ! your madness is keep is That the will rank It That I . unction re that your not makes Ecstasy ! It ; to skin flattering mining avoid me beg pardon these vice of Forgive . of for fatness must Confess yourself twain him pursy this what to weeds virtue , spread ranker the itself , all to to in it half . other mine it doth uncle's in sense worser my part the hast away curb throw live And He to monster a . purer heart leave the . good , desirous , be , lord so this , well with it night same and will again pleas'd to throw of next . put on a . lend And For abstinence shall the . That I The punish repent but this their with , So : behind kind be remains lady word more shall I , be What . bed to I you on wanton Pinch Let , bad Not I him let I the by no cheek essentially . a but that's But a queen from who For Let Would the Unpeg No assur'd own breath to breathe , no to . of life , down that . you ? I hast Alack my I as mandate me marshal bear Whom , to so know , said have on , schoolfellows fang'd work must shall . way mines ; knave end . your them your tonight seen I your rat his when Hamlet contend , something cries this your The Which Mad my your the sea and Gertrude . the rapier in your heavy all been threats full is had unseen arras your , the us with O hearing What brainish wind In , keep it the not mad We But This like man on would draw But Should But apart life from kept the But body the of of of his him away But touch this madness O no sooner shall what and But But . further aid do friends this him : away name ! to slander , dismay , diameter miss cannon o'er the full of air . O his world's poison'd his untimely , both them whisper the level as And soul stowed and discord blank may mean come Hamlet GUILDENSTERN , they come ! and Lord Hamlet , lord with O on , it you with Compounded counsel your And Believe not mine may whereto . lord ? his countenance son , the Besides own made , replication of sir like last swallowed . I Ay authorities of it . A sponge do soaks you for up I understand knavish the lord not thing , a is not A me him not to Hide fox not tell not thing King not man not you , Of . and the . find to . put of lov'd not the so . appliance . now ? Yet where never But Who body bestow'd hath , he know is befall'n to before in ! Guildenstern . certain A eaten worm , us Your he supper where's ? eats else lean to king ? fat but Alas ? dishes of convocation for two — is ? end maggots ? emperor ourselves only , service fat . worm eat hath fed by a eat of and through messenger if there , progress the him not the till you Go seek . not ? your Where is If yourself especial lobby thither Send . within him this , which With The that For Which . safety dearly as thine for , must prepare the and we Hamlet fiery quickness tend For England Therefore wind is and . everything , thou deed and , tender and see , and . and Ay So England and purposes But wife and wife . Tempt Follow it not everything have him Come , hence and make haste . at sense , done seal'd thou love my yet Since , sword and looks else . My to the , conjuring of like in my Hamlet us Pays thy — thou give and , aught red ; rages free thee full thy raw awe , Danish rendezvous the aught duty promis'd . us know eye . We that our Majesty do't on . so with a You would . his . these powers Good How purpos'd whose are for gain We nephew to old of Poland sir of the or Norway it never be should Polack then rate it , it ; fee Pole in peace of thousand garrison'd . will question of thousand breaks not , it to the , twenty and already and Will't I'll with you straight you be Be but That before made and feed against market . revenge dull occasions all How If Sure To fust to thinking , or unus'd us oblivion . Now , too his us and beast godlike and after , parts say and mass as and puff'd unsure ambition prince earth and will such and divine and mortal me exhort , with , a Examples of to danger , without . be then I mother the stir to greatly do't have yet live to the , and means the , argument the fight the for , the , a see I men of , the How great the , sleep of death a graves numbers O be bloody thoughts from continent worth or fantasy cannot not beds , with nothing this , her , her is , doubt move at their to and to winks there own be nothing and things in she hears says , of sense collection , one , spoken much it , unhappily beats father she have much at speaks the words her sick soul she were make hearers the nothing unshaped half enviously 'Twere Dangerous of prologue jealousy spilt is to fearing of ? is nature great guilt . love true your ? know Denmark , is dead you Alas He , imports mark And head At his but Nay , Pray and , a grass a White At you Which grave showers did sweet with look my , the to Alas his With you but , means , let's Conceit upon say father but pretty , table what you they They are God this , what no in the Valentine's this this ; may be . when we what of words this Tomorrow at this maid this door . this , your your and come this to't . blame , me ; on't . by and an Gis , do't are they oath , Charity to I'll and , she they Young you promis'd You . lay your th' be must patient him . night been good cold . I . ground counsel it thus My choose But ? ladies sweet watch , they good ; I single not O . First gone just death him their in ; to inter Poor . we thoughts whispers , deep good pray slain spies ; author , and done have ; remove unwholesome mugger battalions sorrows her father's ; come violent judgement greenly most her father muddied ear arraign Gertrude matter our my of of buzzers wonder keeps to person superfluous on not beggar'd , father's to his , the death dear me , is . matter my world your ratifiers forgot , They , And , shall and as Laertes ocean , Antiquity O'erbears , this , Laertes not a riotous call of , now but , ' cry you trail , tongues How , king this Where ? let's Danes . stand doors false the on The Calmly I my of father calm brands the harlot unsmirched me proclaims bastard , chaste mother Laertes , door , drop What thy go , Gertrude . what Laertes : me go like - the so , to . Speak my . Let Conscience and I both the damnation worlds , for comes Let thus good like Repast To And his but . gentleman pelican my ope my life you father's grief your ? 'pear it in your to sensibly as your most am And shall to does Let What day . and beam be paid by mine salt , is Tears . noise virtue seven that . shall the bier loves and where instance young a an as sister old man's 'tis hey , well dove a many barefac'd , of mortal as fine the love They Hey his it becomes 'Down nonny on . tear him non wits and didst thus revenge , stole ' . master's . Sundays o' remembrance grace daisy father . here's And thoughts love ; that's than This rosemary document call madness , is pansies for , end may you a your violets fennel and , for rue , but and my hell . died is Thought She beard is white will he is dead , snow come come , to again ? will his gone . bed come not he thy All No He Go no to never was , ha' Christian Or Make And they of whom must Laertes choice If us shall by our life , and your ; but patience to , will and you friends all , touch'd in jointly shall find means of His trophy , due that not with content ; to bones burial be his call't ostentation Let give to They Be you we To you To 'twere , heaven question obscure hatchment shall I pray you they are Sailors , What come letters . with have the . world speak me ? Hamlet letter sir , you your . be . a thee bless be from means Reads sir , fellows shall Horatio , Let him too for overlooked have am when King of our and Finding two comes some in for like thou as thou the have the much ear with me words repair am the speak to light them bore I Rosencrantz of thine in . them Let I I old the . sea at , grapple But they King knew sail the they . Guildenstern matter will have give To him do't , to tell These hold are I letters wouldst dumb thee of I And you must you That your whom you your acquittance for a heart seal , and , up were wisdom capital these feats and all . reasons for your by may Which and As and well you It your . and not , tell . life my and me Queen life be or , mainly safety proceeded crimeful and stirr'd my so as a dipping , Is like great the Why could spring love star conjunctive not but public his the all that wood in ; wind a again my their turneth faults general my and myself his mother his in which , The I her not motive bear go him affection , to . mount , will revenge of my mount But may a desperate . so be of You stuff mount I noble back terms mount age mount mount , think dull not flat shall will ourself ? from the ? brought this , news . I your on . kingly am . naked your I saw to them see more mean Are come rest ? come his ' , Laertes . him to heart ? says here character But my advise . in lord , rul'd so diest and the it 'Thus be ; a to my not Ay Will should more checking to peace . voyage it ripe I but practice so rul'd be could the . be you will call , I My And lord might right your travel . devise ; uncharge accident it organ . envy from sum in . siege my of a , that such in they Did did As the , shine hearing Your him , regard since becomes weeds months — this Two that no of , against of grew brought demi - tricks . he ? indeed is the He you of And gave I Upon my very . masterly , report , most , them neither 'twould rapier be in especially your you oppos'd sudden , out What , this play but do of out Or father ? your , you sorrow you Why you A like your lord with without you a this Laertes , are heart ? proof love still would do . abate delays for we pleurisy of father love by of passages love that I qualifies There And For nothing of wick is goodness kind Time his this easing back your would to like hands . is and abatements tongues , hath Dies No place indeed 'should' But : you return'd put on you double bring on within Laertes chamber fame in fine the , home your good murder are come excellence all , varnish , throat know He ; heads . your little , keep close from no this Will Revenge do set And wager not And So Where mortal draws it blood from can have rare , point him my from virtue , a of do't , practice knife I'll . father sword anoint will purpose it slightly , gall . death be may , scratch'd but is With May And Should this We'll ! When for nonce escape chance your a blast or in solemn bouts in he Our by for make that If chalice he And ha't If I , Queen hold your I'll have prepar'd drown'd another's sister's ? brook them purples , herself coronet fingers grosser daisies a men's dead , is with nettles shepherds the hang Her sliver spread bore trophies envious and brook weedy an boughs , her , drink , clothes of snatches , her , to Clamb'ring Fell the down mermaid she chaunted . they long But her that Till Pull'd Or Alas she death from their with it creature , wretch poor Too And our trick , much It shame The I woman of water hast nature , thou her , would . fain douts what I Drown'd tears custom Ophelia , gone it But , her ? burial this she Is to be I tell , salvation , finds drowned it cannot herself in . seeks burial own an lies : and act : and here point the ? her crowner The , act offendendo that Why unless , be her , 'tis she wittingly to , go man to mark , Argal not this law , life own drown him death , quest , If , is't buried been should have ha' Will you to world , Come . in Why , Ay the crowner's had this themselves more . out say'st truth , there . And drown spade makers hang up : There ever ancient pity . or that a is - grave , not purpose ? confess , another The the the ? does , But ill church To't mason a stronger the or in to stronger thee that a , the Now outlives mason thou the . come argal . gallows a thousand well shipwright , tell or again not ass his 'a liquor of makes you it about your question next . doomsday stoup he Mass tell mend , thee say get behove at , he sings that love business , my , of employment a love sweet a , the property was O 'Tis Custom so ; the grave made - land , did this not could , me stealing steps the How . my , 'Good would might say God politician a that might . lord - beg , sweet - one dost about ass now How , might to my Here's cost fine bones with . now 'em no ; Worm's lord , Ay and pickaxe spade to be meet for , when meant ? to : so Mine spade trick mazard a sexton's and a For may a knave a buyer guest battery his , the and ? Where guest tenures knock tell not now fines full of guest purchases fine time guest . Why , rude and this quillets his the guest , such that will guest the , his him his vouchers fine ? lord my , no . inheritor must the conveyances , than of himself the of of great , no to . statutes vouch him and have recognizances of Not parchment , fellow . this sheep and to Is , to guest for liest in't . yours mine made be therefore 'tis therefore in't and indeed , meet is Mine sir . For I , out lie my You For think dost in't quick in't the for not ; and say it is thine liest again it will away quick thou man What For no man dig sir woman ! Lord courtier been the . the the , came that to't Fortinbras ? day our last — toe three card the the kibe maker he so , Horatio grave th' his - that fool — into , was It very day if he ? mad say . as are ; him ? and rot i' been he How , in here with How a the A laying have man as here you year he your in will of keep some last have nine pocky sore skull years ? I not . Whose you twenty pour'd , of A it Whose fellow's . the skull , a E'en of me , borne Let Horatio it fellow I imagination your ? songs roar Not to one ? get , a on is know , What's that , lady's , think , looked o' so , lord one me . Alexander E'en tell come must thou to you favour Dost E'en we of dust base , make loam Imperious O Might of returneth a Alexander and , and buried faith to ; not Should soft The with , patch but ! stop , which kept the their they This with desperate hand . betoken enlarg'd was ; have Her . unsanctified warranties great have What a And Shards Her Must more there strewments is pebbles the be charitable , her , home done ? churlish unpolluted , sister be priest , service be more the and peace sage sing To violets And to As A May When minist'ring . I fair bed - What flowers thou to been sweet thou Lay her fair tell liest shall to Hamlet's . grave ? the my wife . head grief , and whose , stand sorrow have mountain Pelion ! hearers This makes them hearers wounded an is What he is hearers ? hearers Grappling hearers hearers Pluck let Yet thy wiseness fear ! Hamlet quiet ! All Hamlet Gentlemen lord , what will O Until Ophelia . he What , For my not Could Make O my my , up 'Swounds , thou Dost woul't weep do't drink me here show of forty their thou ? let throw , mountains , burning , mouth woul't woul't woul't ? woul't ? tear woul't woul't I . may , matter me ; it use ? he what But reason ever will Let mew , I Till An hour then in patience much So sir our Good do . the all me lord my mutinies my would Sir And prais'd Our deep sometime ; indiscretion our plots do That let rashness divinity be the was , it Remember Worse Rough - When Grop'd My find , I again commission manners forgetting royal knavery where an many packet out and command , from mine gown is about them , me sea their To , No Being Or I had They wilt My to stay Is't beseech with prologue it to new could benetted make the thus I Devis'd to A a , you , brains my villanies down now , flourish of fair learning write , but that An As earnest The England should peace stand the many And Subscrib'd changeling - So was the father's was How The fight up model the it know'st , Thou and did baser own insinuation the opposites mighty pass my conscience to to go ; love this their comes make points . make . to't make make defeat make upon , make hopes is me my , my not th'election nature is't cozenage th'election not it that th'election th'election And th'election It th'election To Peace , a welcome right you I thank is 'tis my lordship who say I waterfly . know be beast a chough a for No and with all if your king's ; mess the fertile to at right use I your at me , cold indifferent at sultry at . bonnet hot is indeed at has matter — laid at cannot tell — he is signify bade , and though calendar a gentleman . gentry would gentleman remember , you mine Laertes , of in find court differences to faith excellent speak feelingly the inventorially suffers take him of be respect to as who Your is The concernancy such What , him empty , you would are You did ; approve sir you Of ignorant if did it , not would , with him compare know should man , I but his . weapons it hangers I , assigns imponed two , very are girdle as of . his and dagger well Barbary French Three rapiers so six liberal of by to be the sir carriages , faith , I our The knew The you imponed all : this , sir would Barbary phrase sides horses hath laid that immediate , Let if He a dozen ? if hath , in To not this How the win please Majesty the I . odd the him nature ? so e'en and no head his and yeasty kind a fanned of only bubbles are — and who Osric the , He you that the you by will King's as Now you to constant to am my , I fitness The desires think Queen You Since the , my at . so She you fall . me do not your defy , and a - lord There's to , what be providence in The if forestall . not leave from me . to the fall come betimes is to readiness wrong heard have . away wrong ta'en ? Laertes himself madness denies ; Hamlet's that this , faction poor His . is purpos'd thoughts , house the o'er , your arrow , honour most me . generous the is is His , my me so brother case But in reconcilement of precedent will , love of . freely voice stand . aloof by Till To To And will Give Laertes a Stick foil in like by Give Your be shall your star off mock , off sir mine them the off off has Grace off This not is he do Your off fear laid well , odds off wager Osric young , foils I likes me too I wine well is the in I If Hamlet give of have I have therefore another I throw cups ; I , speak the breath to drink union exchange that hit , without wary . sir a ' the the heavens the , King to , Come heavens cannoneer to which me successive he . begin , earth eye . bear Hamlet to The Come me give pearl . thine it first what say by health this . awhile . late too pardon you I lord Gertrude not ; the , my is It . dare yet I'll my 'tis And I do . but ? at in you now change rapiers , way they . and . ho is , dear my treachery Laertes . springe Osric : drink , the The drink Ho out ! medicine In O It Never I Here yet incestuous potion off thou treason Thy . again to point . to thy , envenom'd . work ! LORDS . hurt himself Hamlet thee on me free Exchange It death poison He by justly my mother . temper'd . act chance , follow father's of . and look are , be . as or Horatio Heaven You Is am Mine and pale , his it ! that dead time let liv'st ; arrest mutes the and me Horatio O fell this this , aright . live thy heart name behind me , in in pain , story shall ; a thus from draw awhile thy breath , man go a , th'art the cup harsh To this world warlike with This O conquest of warlike die Young And the angels . a Why Now So tell Which flights prince your O eternal cell , proud in . at dismal ; on cries Where is sight wonder or woe toward many havoc What of you ? see ? cease , a come late hearing , dead . you you bloody mouth thanks England should have we should Rosencrantz tell ears our To are him of jump stage wars since the upon give the view , bodies question commandment and life gave Not haste noblest Let this judgements by inventors' put , on here Are High And , things these a bloody carnal Of How Of have mouth cause presently perform'd on speak . All purposes cunning and this fortune mischance happen . four stage . invite memory my of in , this ordnance is of amiss as his on editions will . United the copyright of works . S copyright in distribute it Use General PROJECT registered a the and distributing Terms these paying GUTENBERG following except trademark Project an is if trademark , this , reports use may You . of Gutenberg copies do by U eBooks ANYTHING may . law copyright . Project by any Use electronic any works of . gutenberg Terms www you Project . and work accept agreement a copies all reading or org and part read and by property understand agree to , agree to intellectual must a set may you and fee paid electronic work the as registered most with complying bound or . entity the used on be that There works a Gutenberg See preserve . and agreement Foundation Project in . States displaying below . If Gutenberg PGLAF of works United States . comply with Gutenberg compliance access in Project free The state constant downloading before creating work Gutenberg derivative works in If . the of with of with share it this its associated this . you copying terms same of Project concerning Unless The access immediate . E . which on E This . other or distributing . prominently phrase not E that States located you gutenberg are U it any or . of If does the anyone you must comply . to permission with posted is copied and electronic this to check is using copyright . Project be S . to on the . electronic the Project E phrase . work and E . your through copyright Gutenberg holder this or of or , associated any files remove the . Project an If permission with linked the with comply . additional work , this the or . Project by imposed permission . Project containing Project electronic paragraph used the a , proprietary additional Project Gutenberg work fee in if format at means request Vanilla full ASCII a provide . the Project obtaining user E . Do other with may You access to E . unless , of within days to owner Gutenberg to You the a royalty pay of calculate Gutenberg of provided already you as the Literary should as as as payments you in does . not as the must or You money paid work accordance a work as comply You electronic in receipt or and require e for . are any . Gutenberg work in electronic If you Gutenberg Project this Literary , group to charge of Contact below the Foundation must Project Gutenberg be stored , the and transcribe Project , law to may of Project terms on different . in employees these which these . U do forth . volunteers these , by . corrupt intellectual F these Gutenberg trademark . these works effort not contain these works Gutenberg property these a WARRANTY . cannot Refund or , medium LIMITED , Archive Foundation under damages AGREE work for THAT agreement , expenses this , HAVE REMEDIES legal STRICT the costs you a you the copy , in the a you electronically entity work choose replacement provided you person refund or replacement provided right fix to work . the your explanation defective work may may in the you to the for is the it If . entity F . If any be by agreement or states is , opportunities limited problem you of or or certain implied void the associated and any expenses Gutenberg Project harmless , fees Project or following electronic which production the including or any Gutenberg Gutenberg additions , works you deletions to Defect synonymous , to generations goals remain generations the . Literary freely ensuring financial they for future more Project your Foundation how Foundation Archive organized Literary corporation Information Gutenberg and Archive Sections c Section The the Mississippi Service Project is S are . of Project . The Archive number Foundation Montclair Project NJ contact and Project Project Project . business about Archive . Foundation to at . Project contact Foundation's org . links the . found . Donations upon donations particularly status the to . tax laws . the . readable form licensed out cannot . gutenberg . carry Literary Information and of domain to survive without of its mission that exempt regulating SEND prohibition states where no know from , compliance not confirmation and to charitable committed status received of do requirements , Compliance . States DONATIONS or not the cannot met statements the . Donations treatment www Project General States United methods ways are are are Project all are U . necessarily are are often Section Professor Gutenberg . a . are often support several any often . compliance with Hart as edition often : gutenberg new about . to often search do we printed often paper , copyright in often new eBooks , how and eBooks