Stand ? and ? Stand Stand there me Long Stand . Get your the Who's upon . Stand twelve . carefully He Barnardo Stand And For Stand relief Stand sick at Not watch , bid haste to most come You now you a Have Horatio . stirring Stand . make Marcellus ho ground Who . is . good them to liegemen , hear I If , and night O think The night , Give you Give Say Barnardo , of good . What Horatio but Welcome ! again seen Welcome , of of . him , come . fantasy . our us night along seen twice , And to will let I watch our , may With Touching Barnardo hear us eyes the this again approve us so And sit that's t'illume all down of , seen your , awhile again nights have . Horatio , it beating Look King to In Thou Looks Most not It it . be , spoke . me it wonder fear . speak , King that What It Together it fair heaven charge speak , night thee not will answer and now Is How this , speak , speak , my Before ! Of art thyself he combated ! on ? angry when strange So He With Thus he Such frown'd the smote before particular bodes and thought stalk , had : in on . parle ice Polacks sledded gross strange eruption and strict and subject , shipwrights divide foreign the mart of for land watch . that . day with me ? labourer inform ; King , King which seiz'd by and ; the To he of inheritance our a , the stood unimproved . up For hath Was Had And vanquisher Hamlet skirts in Of As But And by So source to it Is this I Well And Was Disasters Upon even And Have climatures ! Lo behold though me or use of , earth ! done grace it comes earth , earth ! again earth fate country's foreknowing to , art privy do good to , blast earth Unto soft sound me earth it , thing earth . be death , life partisan uphoarded the you my ! thy of oft spirits in treasure Marcellus it it with at if 'Tis wrong it is it To We And was And then It The his sea the Awake To and And made herein truth probation season celebrated , all stir , strike charm ; long , warning at and , erring of spirit in or confine And Walks But So This So nights No The fairy we us the , and , seen life speak have for ; impart young shall , to dumb loves most him and death our it us whole nature ; befitted queen joy , in , dropping dirge and Taken to Your we to sister this far contracted in our Yet To bear , weighing and a now remembrance . and sometime Have With mirth one with delight we . along , Holding Lost Or Now this He thinking follows Colleagued is Now our by is Thus is this gait ; bed - young this . is So meeting for have , all that : and you , is of subject his , herein nephew's uncle , Norway purpose is and impotent and Of that bearers good lists Out of you further the , Norway scope will and haste , your , heartily . reason offer native to thy , with duty . show . VOLTEMAND things nothing wouldst to What voice shall The What thou of more not lose From Your leave whence To Yet My He Have at seal'd him wrung consent says What , And bow them hath By my your will you best my cousin , spend Laertes lord do I Take thy , the Laertes lord is Not A But Laertes Upon And thy more Laertes my than , I am Laertes . Laertes dust friend thy like nighted kin that Laertes , hang father noble thy a with to , through If thee ? not must colour . die with Nay windy Nor alone my the nor No truly haviour me , that actions , Nor all have that . moods fruitful dejected within trappings in your duties the , your nature , must That For Together a forms which are can But But give sweet stubbornness . will unfortified understanding we ? vulgar peevish to is ; unschool'd and a to as to most know Why to For Of do obstinate condolement 'Tis we the An any As should heart against death 'This You of , a , Here , It going that beseech , Let , us lose cousin and of our eye , son Hamlet Wittenberg , madam reply , Madam . accord unforc'd Denmark my and to gentle health jocund cannon that the to thunder . Come away again . melt would solid flesh into a , unprofitable God ! garden ! in ! this not , this , two on grown hang — month him ! old ! body woman — reason of , she is , father mine uncle , she , even good , incestuous her most of most dexterity such married . O nor , heart to wicked to : tongue . sheets to my hold come . myself , lord The am I to my servant my you Marcellus name good , Sir Horatio good to very am But I in My , faith A see Nor To shall not you make yourself would glad , what it to teach lord what . see mother's , hard upon - wedding fellow me it , it was came drink , But We'll Against I My Thrift thrift had seen my Horatio , coldly , Indeed prithee your father's . all king goodly for was . tables bak'd foe , father Horatio marriage see dearest had — eye take upon his a was I ; he mind's Where saw a I look all like your I yesternight . I . I Who ? I , lord I think him Saw the King father ! I may gentlemen these till admiration witness This Upon I For at Armed Marcellus Two thus In Appears before encounter'd fear them and your night , the God's love let watch , distill'd , This act stately and their , as they and In , Form Stand dumb Almost I jelly truncheon's his By Where And of the thing not kept did . deliver'd word , night they impart surprised ; him both made I true knew like . father in secrecy had them hands the speak watch ? made none you It But lifted My . comes yet : I But And sight . very morning crew . 'tis in down my honour'd lord our , methought would shrunk from strange true ? me it sound 'Tis And vanish'd As lord tonight this it of it did We and but , say Then Hold , watch troubles foot ? beaver his . up look'd My lord , he sorrow in anger in ? pale very , countenance And constantly much . like very haste might . Not . no ? it . BARNARDO . in grizzled have life twelve . tongue tonight no but , eleven loves 'twixt visit to to your you : is night were come well ; honour ! mine Though Till all My And And assistant , you me is sister , Hamlet it Hold Forward The No and youth and , more suppliance of , of sweet . but In thews and The For And sanctity the fits As weigh loss your Then Whereof he give It is Unto therefore must his if he to and no withal sustain songs . dear of moon , youth . brother do , keep near , heaven libertine treads comes grace double leave of aboard , precepts thy his by thought may soul , may a may to may may , ear thine may censure may fancy ; best chief be in : friend . lender itself then season blessing go this , servants to night true day the be husbandry self . well tend . remember , I shall my said , you audience Ophelia , is't you And you , his in ! Pooh Unsifted , it — That I'll know not do Or Running My And With almost springes the tongue promise take must more the When Giving Lends in you , heaven of vows do the know a maiden For he may . of scanter light vows heat it parley not something your entreatments much in at that tether their you Lord him . larger a with In of implorators which dye But Do Look to't , I obey nipping and What It it I , heard it No ? I Wherein the What mean lord my wont near the lacks now of struck . season It draws is , to takes his of trumpet swaggering he - drains , doth King the mind manner the in to honour'd my , is't am it , breach headed is the and with and , tax'd revel than observance other and though birth nature by , choose achievements our This Makes From The oft in That our some their By Since for As Oft His As That King To cast With is the shake desire go some you what with Look It ; my be what Do set Why And my do I a not immortal as at fear the a it itself to what . toward flood it I will . that . lord , the sea form reason it , sea the dreadful draw very more so it , horrible of summit into of Think of every the to brain of follow thee lord my waves Be ; each as . Nemean petty hardy follow . that thee me gentlemen . on of makes As I call'd ! I'll waxes ghost Go a him I'll . To state it Denmark I'll , Speak me ? lead of Mark thou Whither wilt . lend but , hear serious , bound , What am , certain I , am term to spirit , for day away unfold thy from to combined like up harrow And , Thy two I and to in fires nature forbid , God ever his most foul most blood thou ears To meditation the my apt ; I find to strange , foul most know't As That given not 'Tis And Wouldst serpent Rankly serpent me ; that his , wit seduce will With Ay The that did uncle That From wretch falling to , Mine O wicked to and most a my , Hamlet O The So wit , with won gifts of O those Brief My Upon ! I garbage a in to in a as ; it and , virtue it sate methinks be custom cursed hour hebenon an such The Holds swift gates tetter brother's a body smooth life , I All vile did it milk through it at account head my my bear ! not be , incest heaven bosom ; let leave thee . thou howsoever thorns that her nor thy lodge once , well worm to pale adieu ! What else fie not old ? while up . couple table globe from In , Ay this books away all distracted , Hold earth . my , heart a seat Remember . observation Remember my memory holds thee observation , a in so observation it down villain ! damned woman , observation ! observation shall my by heaven brain Denmark ' observation . villain , my secure him it ! be ho , Heaven My Within Within I have and . come . it you'll How then you Not I There's ne'er Ay a But needs , tell you , fit business hath that without man every your more we shake circumstance own Look ; and I'll and are These but it as Such wild I'm There's they sorry no offence heartily . lord . Horatio whirling , words pray my , there me good is let what . lord vision , friends , scholars that , poor one friends are is't and we swear't . I faith in my lord not lord my . sword , the stage thou Art Swear under fellow . truepenny . lord have you the ? in swear my sword Swear ground Swear speak And et ubique ? by Swear to hands again you have my . sword by lay worthy day ! Well A Beneath mole stranger in of never your heaven in , before As To I Than are , dreamt is this but , odd antic times such pronouncing , giving out — be if . and to , might' , would' they you - shall never head 'There doubtful phrase do note not . do I so Let . shall fingers on of out come I . joint love a and lips your let's , was to , us you in ; pray I spite it . together and my lord , Reynaldo , him his lord shall how And very intend wisely . it in . nearer , Paris , said ; and you you of more keep they and means expense will son my some father you distant demands knowledge it touch do you and ; wild ; very , mean there he's , heed and and most my companions wanton marry him so forgeries What Addicted But But My drinking or , fencing , may would dishonour so ; assur'd this seen a converse so phrase 'friend in you the man he say — this to , did . ' ' about ? 'gentleman Where I say , sir What . ay 'I there : thus the saw in I or then Or , thus falsehood brothel him enter a then There , God his I him My you in my , Farewell . of purport of each other . hell foul'd , fear do truly ; length took Then And would , As last thrice falls he the goes he the thus his o'er up and , his being it He his draw such it did his At He hand shaking he his me , bulk turn'd their way went all waving little . perusal of profound down mine he arm heaven of , did words King . late , love to passion fordoes go will of any as . I am — command mad fear'd is . letters . and you as but to access sorry quoted not had To known hide must lack which Come go we to love kept our heed my King , move . age our might , thus it that of you him both and ; up brought himself ; in so occasion from ; as ; since That To draw , That ; us lies ; afflicts thus , of not living please you within much there men he hath unknown it will and our , by As Might Thanks , I , Thanks My And changed Heavens , amen . him and where to visit . Rosencrantz instantly . you beseech And Pleasant presence of . you is Hamlet some practices to helpful our . King this so policy of soul , news . liege of sure lunacy have hear . or mine or or or that or the them your the marriage , son's he in feast or fruit admittance to great that them to first all , distemper hath found o'erhasty main but other no , preparation which a your he first look'd , in , obeys fine in sends , whereat ? suppress found to him Polack griev'd impotence , appear'd . to and desires sent the in , from Norway he into borne ; vow th'assay old his So your it an might dominions Through arms him Norway thousand before as arms such arms arms arms please therein arms are safety . pass quiet took feast . well your at Most business and night nothing Were Why , tediousness And I Therefore My day is't but But use mad he Madam More , pity true 'tis 'tis is Mad call I it farewell Mad That Or For say us grant the him out , effect I . A : no foolish use art figure , remains 'tis at true true for and this Who given That's To the Came Good , stay stars fire are to Doubt love fell best never Doubt I ill at these doubt thee hath in , But , dear . evermore Thine that numbers . O this most , whilst hath time you faithful But hot tell , seen I it prove man think his by mine a do the this ? Or Or Before my my must This That you upon heart play'd Majesty perceiv'd fain would I As When What might Hamlet And she my my look'd 'Lord Admit should think took , a Fell he done It Hath all wail think If truth Take there Where You Within , lead it indeed ? to arras daughter I behind If love not then state , carters fall'n her , together thereon . lobby does I'll time a such And you . Be be from a We no reason reading leave . give , you good do I him presently my Lord - a - know you God man . picked . were you so ? to thousand world , of very . goes , be walk sun Aside How sun Have you my ? Yet is He he very lord for read . my daughter far love . my . do lord What harping again . words , you are . I most it . plentiful , honesty as not be should I . and All . it hold , they that satirical have sir ; a to have read says their , is method , grave o' happiness often that that Indeed ! Though yet hams gum of the madness my ? air yet prosperously , anything take between humbly me except my most lord , life tedious except fools old life , the you ; lord honoured the to except my These To Polonius save there . is ye ! Guildenstern , How , how do thou earth dost dear most My As good Rosencrantz that we children are are soles her her , Happy cap we of the - the over button very ; happy not my of Neither the or , her lord news world's hither honest , grown me the ? confines worst . and . world are We you to ; goodly your Why , then thinking I makes it . one being which not makes 'tis , infinite Truly I and A ambition but , our shadows Then beggars' are bodies GUILDENSTERN . by my for ; But Elsinore attended my , you most dreadfully . occasion at thanks halfpenny I but no other . free a a it ? in ? speak . not And you you ; sent . you for and ? Come visitation , Were , modesties nay for sent , Queen and which , your You were , my , what good by , by a , me , the obligation you ? say no or What . you of off were . sent my shall lord ; My , your , have all discovery . prevent feather my all to me look seems lost so , air is how how golden this my ; in , entertainment way , and , what . service the on man them 'Man was smiling no laugh , then lord shall hither My if not We to coming you welcome shall shall are they adventurous make laugh her travel — tragedians the ; lover tribute have shall Majesty and are they in in such city both both blank , players of ? late ? not the comes estimation , How . are now — many maintains 'em call pace in little tyrannically common longer than These cry wonted eyases of ? grow common — as is say them writers their own sides and succession ? money for controversy poet to sin like , they children no their on the to them and . a while in , cuffs . of ? his about and give in , picture philosophy of King his out could , Denmark little . for 'Sblood , find those forty . hands . Let entertainment aunt ? which like north what , west In . welcome mad are north you see time handsaw . When southerly That . a you have the a I you . tell hither , Monday of a child . for have lord I news The actors are Buzz Then actors , and Israel What Jephthah 'One he Aside fair which he he he he call he i' not I Am me It row The first good , beard to , thou O , altitude . chopine is within cracked me old . all in a of your I am Thy ! show you to ? Denmark like What I but , once as I it set no — matter phrase in as mine , wholesome in to , pleased down sallets received it play it than was the But matters such affectation very this line scenes much called speech , savoury of to honest top in there handsome tale slaughter in more Aeneas' but , where , Black he as so : he begins let me the speaks of With this couched parching , sons complexion ominous the sable arms — whose to resemble , night , discretion accent good , strikes his rage in whiff Priam with Pyrrhus 'Fore God Old grandsire Of So And , Priam Pyrrhus' falls , this and , drives to feel father blow declining , painted tyrant i' For . and ear speechless him work the anon as as we in But A And never sets region as to heavens see nothing the . storm stand rack , you power her of pause Pyrrhus' , Prithee heaven ; sword . Pyrrhus' away Fortune on strumpet spokes round down the , too wheel . too on too too too , too venom loins of tongue threat'ning upon and treason all caught have make state blanket About With the rheum lank up . A , down stood and th'alarm in , is good head that the . flames robe for clout bisson would themselves gods with things , he mortal When instant of the gods not that she made , at you the bestowed well out players turn'd colour eyes of Do ? brief chronicles this and you hear . study a need lord set You , a not . could play play could lord , mock insert I'll alone ! I ; am am player his whole in's his so in a visage distraction working fiction not in conceit or ? would He to What's he That should have motive Hecuba That he The her John dull and faculties Confound very her the the ? guilty her her For her her Had her And A - Upon Who A And Like Tweaks Ha me me off calls nose should lungs and beard the I - bitter oppression treacherous I To should slave's , Remorseless , That , whore upon't ! brain the their malefactions it A the of ! That creatures my to And most something my be May Before tent Get does cause he confess find a we his bring Of true him do crafty him we to no himself from so from Nor will Most forcing of of his his disposition well , told we kind order players question , it so free on of him him have joy They matter . me much . your doth inclin'd him delights further a on and and heart ; To , shall , Sweet sent For That he as ourselves bestow sent we Gertrude , leave closely Affront him shall beauties sent the happy do I wish cause your sent I wonted shall to him both part good sent : wildness your your his be Ophelia so sent bring Will That their of , encounter love for I Hamlet's And way again — To such prov'd . The too himself do it , conscience true that ! the my burden lord , o'er : of fortune to ! my is the sea of in be hear and take Devoutly sleep For in that be flesh The To No That give us calamity the and , office himself and But Thus Is sicklied And traveller rather make the thus Than And No The that To With bare grunt With Be And The lose for for , I , have for pray honour'd words for gave I . for yours . receive re , well well for longed No I for My That , There ha ! discourse should your . honesty than with beauty you your to , is his your likeness truly Ay your honest What your be fair your honesty ? beauty your but paradox force beauty gives translate now the can transform things I our ? and earth or have I of loved so . old inoculate so not such very us of he him . fool the play ! lord give offences at my . shape as fellows imagination to I . such , Where's all believe , that ? for shalt you make , your and , wantonness mad I amble , keep they are your him . thou this thee . Or if thou wilt ! jig make you well go well ; nunnery powers You and . made , already , sword , all a married as mould state of here , tongue , reason blown . and jangled see That T'have unmatch'd all observers of and form ecstasy O , have seen bells that ladies honey noble suck'd That Th'observ'd glass and deject tune of what lack'd though His he not Was Nor O'er which madness do sits the hatch and for which quick shall in he I demand the Haply With shall in beating puts his expel thus him different objects seas For From It do well . But What The some have down the set Thus This We Let if hold queen it , do of yet lord My tell neglected his fashion something brains of her or shall ; To all their England Of Your must be . she please . him send best , conference , grief be the , and your a beget to , that a , to split o'erdoing Termagant tear you passion , and for whipped capable are very soul , the . tongue town if you - as hear robustious part to rags neither you , action observance Suit not to show the her , scorn the make censure . the O of and the that must in make the the up , end as unskilful the theatre neither nor the Nature's man having others the they of well the imitated the reform'd that so so abominably . Christians highly — nor speak allowance the I made then laugh ambition the play of your them there of be , clowns spectators barren question . that piece , them ? to ROSENCRANTZ We you Bid sweet . at thou art think may dear Why should of Dost , her hast , election her . mistress For buffets that of let thrift may soul was fawning candied for man ta'en and judgement Whose As Hast A in Where seal'd could my And Hath one with thanks Fortune's herself distinguish pregnant . suffers blessed are rewards nothing been ? are are those are and pipe are are not are equal core thee a Observe uncle very thou One are Which I are my heart's There is Do mine with my . imaginations ghost damned stithy will his . our of eyes we after I steal detecting , I the pay must this whilst will my the the lord I . is playing , play . judgements seeming aught And 'scape , cousin Guildenstern fares you the play Enter a Get flourish Rosencrantz you to march are promise with this now mine , No I nothing I What lord , you , and Polonius , answer . did Julius part of Caesar my , did enact lord players so was me I No good No . lord ? upon my head Ay That's a . lord ? I a my should my . months my Then . year have lord for not forgotten man What ? do . O he suffer for not But suit a yet ? I'll a ' ; protestation ! is outlive , is very makes upon her horse hobby neck it , some The dead seems accepts his loth lord ? love is body awhile away carried four , and in , Poisoner play . in comes unwilling this , mallecho my ? ashamed not you mark play show meant what us Here Is a commutual the About many count may ere bands . moon sun of done , I it holds distrust , and shortly too there . grows behind : world leave , made , lord and , love leave their is my is the proof love fear extremity quantity kind do love love grow great love , My And Honour'd In The base second I Such Aside Wormwood but the wed must second needs rest treason me breast wormwood the second of thrift you do the but Purpose what we is like Of now , Which But ourselves doth joy . lose purpose or destroy doth themselves with revels violence , in passion ourselves we . either either either prove not 'tis fortunes yet nor most . either of own either Where Grief Their either For This The And down question fortune us with you or left to love . run own . begun , wed is heaven , thy no their , thoughts to repose cheer To thoughts That think and wills ours give me lock anchor's what Meet An and Nor here Both would have , be wife now it should and , with lasting and and widow a me pursue leave she break I , sleep mischance you much , us . offence i' world ? offence argument heard , how . Vienna anon in done The do Have you , O , jest is Mousetrap majesty You Lucianus good your nephew are , wife o' . not of : that Let puppets keen you are . croaking murderer Begin drugs the better a groaning to and agreeing , infected of blasted wholesome Gonzago . Gonzago's . His Italian . name's shall . how ? fire anon see The . me Why Give Lights ungalled , hart some of sir on , Damon now — very have pajock and perceive ? good . recorders . perdie , some music . likes like did the very of well the not a belike , a sir of what , The Ay King Is , sir ? with marvellous retirement With ; more itself show to my The your Queen mother in most , me you , a courtesy is answer of not my return you I be will shall mother's you me sent you you your the you , say — mother answer such my sir I , What lord the My , answer . Therefore she but ; to says She shall , with ! wonderful speak the were trade times ten lord is if , by you still liberty , I lack these your . when my what My Good lord your himself the friend your . a into the of ? proverb is musty toil too I , lord understand my do I O lord , you . my most discourse . the beseech your with it beseech are and will beseech the You ! beseech would beseech beseech finger harmony of stops have of top me would , 'Sblood , music ? pipe it speak much sound know now would ; stops thing what play pluck excellent voice my lowest make a can yonder shape a like of indeed a and — by a will say a I a a will a 'Tis When the will I The tongue daggers to this be soul consent somever with somever you , not you endure somever along estate as forthwith somever stands Therefore may hourly with somever words , somever is somever it bodies your bound Majesty fear provide shall religious upon peculiar life of strength itself the single and ; is much the armour live That The all To The not of weal The but ; with summit it ten which highest a doth massy rest draw more majesty and depend a gulf cease the and huge adjoin'd boist'rous , pray will ROSENCRANTZ We now fetters put upon this free too , this haste us . home , mother . closet to going I'll warrant I'll his To hear 'Tis you of upon I'll O , Since vantage tell you ere you partial . Thanks It A To wash it there But forestalled past is serve That mine but for ? turn be and ambition own retain , but of — but , possess'd . but ! but , queen , but th'offence my murder prayer of and but prize world ? am I Forgive which I cannot those crown Of My Offence's the be , In gilded oft hand may the . But the seen 'tis is what what repentance to his out shuffling teeth the no In To Try Art more O Bow Be soft as ; Help struggling to cannot ! angels black bosom heart be , do do't . it Now And so might And now He , sole his this , father took his heavy in how 'Tis And With all heaven To But is fit and our him his A audit take , To with asleep season'd and drunk pleasure ; swearing ; about in his more rage or or of may be . as a for horrid , bed of his soul but King prolongs goes heels relish no , his may up never , The rises words without thoughts straight pranks your his will him come heat Pray that and Much him . I Now Hamlet , go Go Why , question a . forgot now ? tongue , can brother's you part wilt help ho ? a for Dead do and Help , A rat , help down you inmost glass ! this ! brother his , mother a king with ? my farewell ! down , your to of thy intruding fool , vows innocent What have I virtue false As Calls hypocrite an Makes love plucks this front curls Hyperion's A rhapsody and the , doom man his Jove of was and , two - a heaven the seated this hill , in day This , was your this moor , blood judgement madness . hoodman , hey - and what judgement have , sense thrall'd , devil blind is without where ! in true sense thy one , feeling sight all in sans matron's as Proclaim in , hell shame Rebellious wax in bones in . burn , in enseamed and in Hamlet ; tithe , villain part of , mine enter . shreds lord shelf No . o'er your ! and , with your wings figure , lets command . he's , chide blunted ! dread , he's come of go mad and he's . he's passion acting in Speak , almost forget not but he's Conceit her bodies on O important But he's visitation your with to he's incorporal step O , Hamlet . you eye your how , And with the eyes sleeping the Upon up him them and with stern true To Do whom all did you ourselves but how in look habit ? all yet ; Nothing , Why Look This My makes I That And as as pulse the ulcerous your love for film madness of to , unction but flattering , yourself within to is the , and Confess corruption but will not not from the Would gambol And To And other half it uncle's in him . twain , this . fair sense actions gives a , virtue habits That Of That Good That He throw To the And aptly is , live O the But go you have bed doth it the mine eat not . in of next stamp out night and frock of that next . to this bles'd nature easy easiness and this same throw . the of but be , So For you desirous Once change can curb when potency you beg do me I'll Not Let paddling Make essentially in That mad But who I to in craft . 'Twere , good not a Would ? a queen ravel your let Pinch , And concernings despite , am from Who bat sense house's the down me to be made thou of Be And What said . you I to life own and in the hast words your break had forgot . And assur'd breath I marshal 'tis the will There's Whom They For will own the me letters I I When Is Mother now Who , Come And with his delve . 'tis , hard mines most meet . room . grave . this neighbour directly counsellor most , the , an secret was sir life your your , the sea , what us your this ? hearing your Gertrude arras . 'A brainish and the is your as my your Behind rapier cries It your Should have been yourself shall laid this short , us , much fit of haunt all everyone ; had man to what owner life , foul , be had To Alas But pure Among . itself Shows But a apart draw the To But The O'er To the divulging was But so most is ? gone was of But hath some ore vile But this mountains ! aid : skill him friends body the he and bring in , to haply so wisest , blank his , know done both untimely the Come And hit level And whisper the My noise Within ? they , come . dead the thence . kin . may we believe what Besides by not be best King countenance my , counsel of , them like , sir swallowed : ape he needs and in do up the officers me what — keep soaks an when such ; Ay the the sponge you , what you I not is must not not glad you is a — lord my is is my not , knavish lord , not A him not Bring . Of . body with . him . He's not to . body ! him the , eyes their but bear befall'n bestow'd What hath know lord . he Bring , Ho , supper Not fat and are but eats at lean beggar — for maggots emperor ? that of ? of eat mean ? man ? dost how of is Polonius ? the this progress ? see Where a may What king a to thither th'other i' . Send but you . nose you yourself seek this , some you Go . safety must prepare wind at thyself dearly thee ; hence — and and England . the and and it is and For and and , mother them But foot ; That it at and and Delay And Away ; my leans , not so Pray you make tonight and is th'affair love thereof power if Pays present death process of , like us conjuring letters hectic the me cure , my my thou Howe'er The Go greet of by that conveyance him , Tell Majesty our . promis'd the aught him We on , his in know let are , Norway pray sir ? I , some part Who Against , you sir , sir , name . sold it to five should will I the ground Poland profit but patch no Norway Fortinbras ? of , hath That To debate thousand This question of and never garrison'd Polack the Yes the Two not is Why souls of straw cause and ! much th'imposthume inward man That Looking he chief my all revenge ? us made sleep to but And Sure fust To Be a you Will't I'll be you straight before Sith A us , precisely some or whether but — strength exhort charge or , puff'd prince ambition the and or such of what is divine earth and , or dare danger or and invisible or to . stir and mother shame see stain'd I a to be a fame men and try Whereon Go Which the for imminent a at greatly But When honour's , in straw of the enough fight for a plot forth her . pitied distract have , worth . with indeed she says . hears move thoughts , nothing , doubt at , yield it Her of fit up the Yet botch And 'Twere my So full sick Each spills toy itself soul seems , Let artless It in fearing to sin's great guilt . know hat shoon true ? this staff and ? song you lady , Nay is his heels his but , turf . snow mountain my look - love grave sweet with the all to , flowers shroud White Larded your Lord . at , what ask they Valentine's window betime , but is in maid To I this Tomorrow are what this you we this words of say Saint this means no rose be a this the up he Let this Never Ophelia oath Pretty out clothes this your at his door your donn'd more , make I'll sun yonder tumbled are if do't , I hadst thou An hope think to all be long well good ; will would And I her is the from All O her it weep , of night How . close ladies ; counsel night good , night whispers muddied author greenly but and violent single slain ; Gertrude , Poor he people have and remove unwholesome own his Thick good and death mugger we are come to of secret himself his clouds , beasts mere from to arraign this France all , father's matter person in , guard is What the them ? yourself , matter lord ? of with Let what Alack my custom Laertes it word begin head more The Laertes flats overpeering , cry be 'Choose Caps , Sirs let's broke stand this The false . you . leave father , We , come father , That you . cuckold my cause brow the me door . brands proclaims calm him rebellion but divinity Gertrude go drop of Even Cries What can art little of such — Gertrude , me to . father Dead . Where To what comes my To to point the , I'll . only to ? the all not Who ! worlds , far and will , know well . father , in little And for Good foe arms , and your ? loser both draw enemies ? pelican - life thus them 'pear . grief eye your in and now kind then I'll blood speak true judgement it ? that in gentleman for to Within Like a good a death ? and is . loves instance bier — many rain'd dove itself fine wits maid's an a kind , as fine is maid , possible love mortal as , the it hey a and , wits thy 'Down it ! you move didst , nonny Hey the tear And . love ; and some he you you remember thoughts in there document you may all good is . They I . daisy of herb , remembrance fitted , again come as flaxen He Go No And His to no will All thy , turns She of And God ha' mercy , souls we And gone you see must I Do , wisest judge by will and , our crown They Be And you To shall satisfaction ; lend to you trophy His means this , nor nor o'er burial his bones — obscure his be Let , where Cry No sword of , must call't great . you Let not , thee a England to world . not what from part sir , God bless bless is for him this . give appointment a they I I have to dealt compelled They are will too bring England for have got am , death fly course thee I ; for have pirate knew thou These . will Guildenstern and much that you whom , for tell thee Farewell . letters , must Now Come speak for . light where do't , I him give the I you way you conscience with my appears not by Why and and you and put , Pursu'd against capital , up all and . reasons , and these tell and in , much myself , his , mother — sphere , arrows , him my , age lost my mount on for . of may father a to affection , will back terms revenge go all desperate perfections That And Break That we think And I it can Letters ! Majesty lord , him Of Who , your This They given , them ? not them naked set . them hear us . shall Tomorrow , shall Hamlet's the ? here you Know postscript Can character says ! 'alone . ' , heart his teeth him let ? come ' thou and very be it As So No As To thine his peace not you be should . choose in I , shall death mother ripe wind accident not my work now If now he will falls right It talk'd since Your for your . be That rather for Under even My And his you could if The the be ; rul'd I have in that A Yet needful age and . and Two but , serv'd grew . He such he to witchcraft well With As That And brave in Come the seen can on of against unto his - Normandy he far and So incorps'd horseback this gallant , thought . Lamord A Norman is for art He all very The , Upon my life . of gem He And gave such you your out The scrimers a you exercise you . Sir out envenom with play o'er , out Your Now That neither his his beg eye nor with but envy . your , of painting And There kind Time A Dies his when tongues this As by : like delays and are is to as are undertake you the quick , in accidents many 'would' what But abatements a would father's ? son spendthrift . back your words deed . church , fame of in , so ; from foils with generous a unbated Will A sword , draws , from mortal And for that unction of a cataplasm that . touch virtue , Soft cunnings me this performance . our If . assay'd back wager bouts for violent or in solemn motion , might hold see , end let project sweet may in a And woe they One Our purpose ? heel . purples brook the hoary with maids cold in Which his nettles boughs fingers name long . drink their ? she she , gone holds lord she , she yet Ophelia are these she , she ; again her when calm rage his seeks The . her . For : an here act . else an and to . wittingly perform , it Why she , and therefore it drowned finds Christian in cannot , you hear good ; himself , it Here is will he that water Argal , he drown the and But shortens not . marry is you . go man , drowns the , But . water this mark not thou on't Will should ha' you in countenance Christian ditchers . gardeners my he the was He a digg'd . Could How had ever a Was Adam . without dig he dost none art heathen says to If — understand the arms . arms bore . not me or the carpenter the mason to to either Now , tenants . shipwright the ill may to But thousand than that frame like thy It gallows the well is wit does well gallows maker good thee those . To't again unyoke . and that I tell cannot To't a , it can brains - In Yaughan houses makes fetch you last stoup sweet youth Methought the time nothing for ; very did , my love a meet , that of . easiness at sings daintier the stealing steps , hath sense . property of age shipp'd I hath As if Hath claw'd it pate and , would the might , a in ground This o'er , which good - lord of a courtier might horse a murder - one's This such see't . sexton's and now , when be ' , Or . Here's Mine ? chapless , it - think on't the more fine ; and , shrouding pit a O bones a is for meet skull . made lawyer the ? his tricks Where guest guest clay the guest spade of a guest a guest knave now him and dirt ones very full guest double the , Will land and guest , of , not may this and , quillets might be recognizances , in's will not fines his of fellow more recoveries recoveries him , statutes to of his fine fine the have will lands and They and this to are sheep , Not a parchment Is , fellow calves lord sheep calf — O it For my in't , lie out I , not to ; the quick for in't lie not be , part dig for from in't buried neither be For no it me rest have or , of years the , thou comes toe that , his grave he picked Horatio must the her woman What none . days near us , it undo the the grown so been , is the How the By courtier tell Hamlet , because ? fool , since tell is that to't . is Every born was that , marry , he ; not mad he that he sent there as mad as are recover the ? boy and i' he die before hold rotten not be scarce year , last in — the . laying he or nine man lie A a with skull water your Here's , body . while his hide a sir that will eight great is so - now And this it Nay a ! was This Takes him pestilence Let borne Horatio see , imagination it is know not I on his ! how flashes fellow My back your now mock that be , it your , wont grinning and I , my an chop , the — i' , lord , my looked , this one laugh thing her own , this Dost thou What's think noble the make and to , likelihood Alexander O that stop that , Caesar earth t'expel Here which kept comes . c King . they flaw . in clay ? the the . maimed King , And The Queen following courtiers Queen , their This ? doth estate some follow . noble as . ground For Her death o'ersways on , bringing Of Must Yet here , she is more As sage the service of dead ? souls , We to Lay her , liest I i' peace th'earth unpolluted flesh rest to , Ophelia have deck'd ? howling sister sweet my thy . to to What have cursed head ingenious most times ten . deed , thy treble treble wicked her more the on that maid wife sweet , made have skyish . the mountain Pelion blue Now To woe strew'd O in earth upon whose and hearers wand'ring the wonder Till I pile your flat or you devil The Of is , makes This soul . throat rash , Away something my splenative them am though take not thy For lord Good fight will , eyelids I , Why O Make Could not lov'd I , love my 'Swounds O show me do forty ; woul't Woul't woul't woul't fight up me woul't ? eisel Millions of outface woul't thou , come quick his prate woul't us leaping in and her till an , woul't : on work female dove ; him his he have matter me day . no ? may and that the ever . do it use you what is But will dog . night's we over watch a living monument son your . let Now the see shall our proceeding patience quiet shall of present push . other Methought a — lord ? my for sometime plots be , Sir That Worse - to To I Up That deep When our - find Finger'd room , out their packet My certain bold fine , so making , command , life , my bated axe . be grinding of . possible Is't should exact of in goblins no , supervise health knavery ! an sorts and off stay the and leisure ? at more did me how to sat , proceed now with prologue beseech it , play new the could thus benetted . you villanies it wrote I , to had begun a make ; service learning fair , and , Wilt I what lord our . yeoman's that write . but labour'd know sir , wrote tributary palm their great of these her the wheaten the King , wear garland , less , contents 'tween 'as'es comma view was the should Not had Why So Guildenstern did to their ; this to't already . the form , plac'd Now insinuation defeat points . what and make - sea Thou they , man , make love comes make make make incensed grow make him our is't nature life to th'election . come damn'd th'election th'election th'election th'election of th'election a portraiture tow'ring his his bravery a who comes . know this waterfly ? Denmark more . did passion , welcome back He , his and . say should . lord of but be beast 'tis let the more in the to your mess king's at is I you , good . lord No , gracious a for at chough Majesty were lordship you at of , all with at right use your for the 'tis cold lordship my and at hot — indeed my me sultry at very it ; It thank 'tis at indifferent , is it cold , lord for 'twere to as you signify remember good an , me ; for , find you what the he th'arithmetic in of yet in , I to . verity know and the his and But , his , his diction article nothing more umbrage of true him quick of or a part , him semblable infusion great we do Why Sir most ? You ? nomination understand in ? this gentleman ? tongue . golden faith . Well if ignorant ? excellence you sir , Laertes is him in . know well man , of me yet , compare what with , on laid , to but he's weapon and Rapier his weapons . with his hath , as imponed sir , girdle very The two dear which faith The must carriages to fancy and edified call by . has are , delicate , you I The Barbary sides phrase sir german be you might swords hangers , the that's all laid hath is carriages imponed : would conceited Why , exceed to not would it liberal you three day of walk here will , the , come immediate mean , and I , will hold purpose . the and will you e'en shame what to . your else Thus his kind a he head dotes — of and fanned and — for's , only yeasty bubbles ; has on the encounter to through them him you the trial the most , by to or , purposes Laertes that him to lord , hold pleasure fitness I My you his Majesty attend is constant to , mine King The am speaks Queen you desires use me entertainment . this . in been have lord I , France a such is ; foolery You will Since lose think I all's practice a mind If dislike defy , not aught we your whit . if man it now 'tis augury , obey not yet , what he of Hamlet Was't proclaim , madness . sore I was ? does he's Hamlet from Laertes be faction ? not , Then when it , the Hamlet's madness , does Hamlet away Laertes denies , is , so . it wrong , If't be , nature . house thoughts the , brother satisfied case terms will should of in in am I in my so me To name ungor'd offer'd not will elder my . I And Give And my keep I stand revenge motive Whose my do , us Come foil like I'll , off indeed . in this know off . off night ignorance star i' off have we , off heavy too since But off the off You well , my the length I stoups the I Your I . I Let I me therefore all I . I , fire ordnance the third their or ; Give the cannoneer the that worn kettle have cup crown than Richer And the Let to King cannons And 'Now the Come my . sir , A give Hamlet thy health pearl . thine is say you awhile . hit it . cup set what ; of rub . Our . bout Another first hit I ; Come touch will It Aside Come not drink is me dare I , third , pass make with a your you almost do I And pray Say wanton neither . of best . but . dally Come way in , they come , ho Queen again ! my , it ? is . the there How , lord ? Osric ? kill'd justly How woodcock see medicine thee is can out , an hour thee hand lie , blame . to thy work ! too . me . envenom'd and instrument not treacherous The turn'd to more Then , me OSRIC defend Treason ! incestuous friends and , O Here off It and . mother . Is Follow my union thy justly poison death me temper'd , serv'd , himself I Queen to — but mutes pale arrest , or , I my am dead tell , sergeant could aright , death of it , his As Roman man a th'art . have't . heart me name , I'll behind thy . left than liquor ; by Heaven pain Poland . of the with tell To this thee unknown , what Horatio If Things thy - the prophesy He do to , warlike o'er hear with , Fortinbras , from less voice dying th'election . To This quite . have Which tell On noble of angels . thy hither Where is this solicited Now This cries or ears him dismal ; wonder feast What Had gave never Not He But That , view the that be . and bloody these bodies thanks , I can this forc'd you , so jump upon world , cause and call For Of I me And inventors' Truly deliver hear it , my embrace kingdom , mischance . soldier was like , me vantage of rights to that his let men's minds had likely For while this mouth draw on more perform'd are be presently lest happen , a . States copyright . can owns Go the bodies Speak up Take field the the off , bid after off replace from be license print the the protect Gutenberg charge license . the Gutenberg Project of this if trademark law Creating concept eBook , complying and away such you trademark redistribution is research charge except GUTENBERG paying including the trademark given easy . of derivative be , If eBook , royalties by not nearly for , commercial of distributing the terms with way with Project To other , using with all org Use available comply license . Project agree to return by , abide Gutenberg at work the or . General all you destroy copyright agreement , agreement this of B . Gutenberg on used entity agree possession the Gutenberg Project bound you things to do of most lot are whom If . terms copies all a paid you terms fee and do not to paragraph There . agreement to the things you can this United the the copyright in work United a right and If in to States Foundation . There works . The can with Project See collection individual States on copying from works to access references an creating you compliance all of Gutenberg Project unprotected domain United the based work promoting not do we Of . are agreement License are you laws outside performing any , are most You keeping by terms Project Gutenberg the works of work sharing Project when govern Gutenberg links Gutenberg all status you . the without it the agreement representations immediate E This distributing check downloading , copying , Foundation makes work in any work , restrictions it online the most using you States an . not eBook phrase Project Gutenberg is States in to check laws not or . E . Project , the is holder copyright individual Project the must . set with or , from derived copyright United associated requirements . copyright Gutenberg copyright . holder at full with of beginning the Do from any not , of associated work , or perform files or other any of work E . links the any display this Do or set License Gutenberg to in , a found the of terms Project Gutenberg distribute and nonproprietary , immediate or , copy electronic . not part sentence work . any . copy request format used in a any , work electronic paragraph forth to displaying active compressed than the gutenberg of full Do not copying . any access in or . as form upon the or . including access a Plain cost website if additional exporting of means , Vanilla , processing up you , Plain copies of a work provide the fee or that . ASCII posted ASCII other obtaining . unless performing Vanilla E the fee Gutenberg the to of . user a , Any fee a Project Royalty royalties owner to Literary your distributing a License alternate paragraph . prepare The using : paragraph payments or are owed but the such as date providing of following to Archive marked which you be he from works taxes Literary refund Literary at the address is fee paid derive the , Archive Foundation to returns to s destroy discontinue all notifies Gutenberg or by days the user a terms such must agree full access works paragraph reported . other a or receipt Project of and of . comply with If You any You all money paid works the License copies . not for work . Gutenberg set electronic from . Project are F effort , property computer but , these data a medium or these LIMITED intellectual not these these of Gutenberg Gutenberg F these read a errors defective or by , these , equipment DAMAGES paragraph other , Foundation , Archive described DISCLAIMER codes your in and WARRANTY , this any and the owner , disclaim , F of the Project Project STRICT you sending a , NEGLIGENCE , including legal - for entity paid you any days money if . a the REPLACEMENT REFUND that give the to elect The electronically to limited further also it physical defective written on providing of a lieu written the may , person medium you you may right to 'AS problem to work demand choose may in fix not or or disclaimer the If or is provided limitation applicable to this . maximum this not , in the Project and the Gutenberg costs electronic Foundation the void anyone , the shall disclaimer , the or with associated works , or to distribution : work the with of free variety . It of any of Project will Literary is Gutenberg at donations Literary www future . identification - of Literary Project federal a and Gutenberg Project more that come . provide Gutenberg Project the created to for efforts Project can . gutenberg Archive non Project laws the Archive your information about organized Project the the Project The Mississippi Gutenberg Information . Project deductible is . Donations Archive Literary at be . about Foundation survive licensed form cannot and Many widest exempt keep in and donations it To . meet takes . www determine . charities , Foundation distributed support and equipment to of number are where , requirements these effort with cannot met we we DONATIONS have have against any approach us gratefully tax . Please outside the ways methods States checks concerning Gutenberg library Michael , please General S anyone Information was forty eBooks are . a . of Gutenberg of electronic originator Gutenberg are credit web . accepted . works Project in are the . treatment are are payments are Section Professor are often U This often Most how , make help Archive often people Foundation subscribe to often often our email newsletter often information facility to website including at start how