and there ? Stand Stand Stand Nay Stand come Stand He ? Stand most now . haste them and . there ? you . reliev'd night - night hath good soldier , Horatio . him A Welcome have this . appear'd Welcome good nothing . him fantasy our but belief sight I dreaded entreated minutes this the have twice , if watch That approve down tush Sit we That let are What two , Barnardo we nights sit down speak all westward then off burns course star that's that and — part of one . dead . of buried form Denmark speak night time Horatio usurp'st By I warlike . thee ! speak I ! charge and is It How like He Thus twice , and stalk like like it not the the he was As Norway ; like parle . our like like , our the of cast And So Why this why to Good But now , daily for brazen task to . not watch this by work to some down impress the implements to the with , be divide of - that such nightly toils to Does Why to same strict is't mart joint whisper can inform labourer Who make to subject most , he that watch cannon . the from that I so but know ; as by valiant Hamlet last Our ; who ; by this side combat so Did forfeit slay Was our to least At Dar'd Was he Did Whose image law For Well law , the carriage To gaged the the with law and known world esteem'd him competent the all life of which , this ratified Against And law moiety the design'd young , Fortinbras , full , article , Now law of list of Norway , which a , inheritance seiz'd law Hamlet the a mettle . to Had His But to up he been vanquisher Of unimproved Shark'd fell of diet well And this by unto which no , enterprise is appear resolutes and , lawless doth compulsatory in't and a armed Well I his And Is haste So source this A it most ; in and Julius fell streets blood , eye : so King wars and doomsday influence sun of Roman fire stood little the The our even whose to fierce . stands , on the , voice , countrymen coming omen and , to it Lo where it comes earth blast done , of to me good to me any though behold climatures be , death in life foreknowing to , and me , again fate , to earth , country's ? partisan . oft not here 'Tis I Shall which , it it strike , Do We it is here ! so the speak it to it then was the sea his the with his fire . present erring earth herein morn or the made cock , lofty day , crowing And in of celebrated birth 'gainst season is singeth spirit night power hath so nor , no gracious And The Wherein they fairy The say To This It Some object dawning , and do is believe . time the yon and my advice hill eastward by have us to will upon ; for , acquaint we up the heard and the , Let us Hamlet we our I him ? conveniently I him , shall what in , impart loves this , grief The of be contracted in green yet be , our dear brother's of it ; one that woe with nature on sorrow our Though Cornelius Laertes in wisest queen and Hamlet To Have , sometime Th'imperial we our we With in equal this affair wife better weighing 'twere as one In Taken Your , scale That that you along , have supposal weak with Importing the fail'd state thinking Holding Now Lost by Colleagued Our wisdoms know our dream to surrender of those bonds have : that to all we here : Fortinbras all disjoint and us pester we rid purpose in proportions and of nephew's : this To For ; that Giving Of The bearers further . made duty show will VOLTEMAND haste greeting you , the allow commend King the with and all it of be shall your Laertes some We , doubt , us the head voice thou What Dread more throne favour to leave wouldst lose The hand whence though , came to , toward , says What wishes and again Denmark ? last leave at . slow go you I ? wrung my them thoughts To willingly I . Polonius coronation in your bend pardon France from , to bow your , Upon thy now A than cousin best that But little clouds than ; will his He hath lord seal'd graces more , my lord Hamlet Aside . ever like thy nighted you ! will be , thy it the Good Not How Hamlet it is , let Passing , And Seek 'tis Ay so Thou for thy noble , If it Nay Why not Nor customary ! 'Tis not madam father to it common all that . is nature alone , with is cloak solemn black eye , know . seems , woe persevere term to seem . father father lost condolement 'Tis unmanly , grief heaven unfortified will stubbornness sorrow most , course , survivor , impatient a vulgar the heart what A heart is As it A To fathers most Why against first father are ? we most For any the , dead 'This From a You Our As And not It the courtier cheer and cousin ; go not lose mother thee stay in my to , Wittenberg Hamlet , come , grace 'tis to health the great Sits smiling No Be ourself all and my earthly And This shall gentle heart Denmark slaughter itself stale all me Or that Seem That Fie to canon Re - Thaw 'gainst weary to on't it months two Possess seed fie , merely — excellent he a satyr too But self Oh ? of , roughly Why might to So How grows not increase on fed remember on't think I That By not yet — she month ; and within had my woman on and would a nay dead Like Would me Let Must it Had father's brother Hercules no speed sheets ! tongue . to come galled , hold good my to post : lord glad , poor , not heart what And And am to . you same Sir change from my . Good you disposition shall Nor very My ? glad But Against But To see my own no you your think not was see me fellow mother's wedding see to , I you lord My yourself I it I your deep Elsinore , my do Horatio furnish Did Would ever — I forth my seen had methinks , Or My follow'd funeral The marriage the met father Where , coldly thrift , lord , eye a him his upon he ; not , I look , mind's saw take I man think ? the , an Season ! father . King Who saw ? a may while I these King lord The father for till to God's For Upon With Two ear of attent the This let , Barnardo had , them thrice surprised : and - march , the your solemn of on and secrecy them with , Where Stand before . point Goes I the These not your like where ; yet methought I , It But you But the speak once did cock our it sound from ; strange crew in sight shrunk vanish'd , head , honour'd lord true troubles know it sirs indeed To did live As we do I And Hold , 'tis duty . lord Both Arm'd lord saw my you from , Most A O Pale more Nay upon . very eyes . anger in ? amaz'd it hundred . had long . you had . had had saw't longer . had life sable in had ; again hell you . peace , it my noble will his no , seen gape should person father's your shall but no tongue fare . you itself men's the soul eyes night All deeds . well come you to ! mine as , spirit in would foul still sit then I Till My Hamlet A Forward not No more but of sweet doubt winds . that from not sleep blood favour his not a . soul temple grow this the of service The Grows His For No and more not no besmirch his birth do choice ; state : own depends whole his to must loves mind . his himself , for health not may for sanctity The It the Unto he no wide withal soil you is will ; nor cautel his persons of ; greatness For Whereof May give his head in his wisdom . the himself He and fits As Or it Out lose your heart unmaster'd importunity or , rear prodigal of strokes moon youth . spring : sustain may chaste , it you list songs , treasure open ; fear good none lies most , to As th'effect this But good keep brother . ungracious thorny way pastors heart my shall I not me Whilst some are Be the are , are heaven not , are , lesson though safety are rede not O long are Occasion , blessing a shoulder of There Aboard a leave aboard , father and of own libertine . sail thy no , you , shame your . thoughts . tongue vulgar tried , in , grace thy , precepts . any familiar unproportion'd Give thought his my means act adoption by with steel entertainment . Beware ; station not man judgement voice . day the to be lender itself edge own the follow This Most humbly must all dulls thine this any proclaims blessing false my The borrowing France loses a most and nor both select a : thee in ; well it . man , season your tend servants remember my lord said something , key in he told please he audience to time be , private your of that If 'Tis me , your caution of not do between You you ; Ophelia What Have it Of lord you to affection me and so 'tis I many me tenders . you honour . dearly poor more true pay for tenders these you know not do That you have ta'en lord think tender me a fool , yourself me yourself what , a ; the . teach believe as you should . phrase the , to ; speech , vows tongue the all woodcocks blood their your From extinct , lord to his the , With almost Lends than not in more When Ay Giving must promise parley him a with And Than Believe may Than be his dye which investments suits for This sanctified believe not Do to that vows beguile implorators and for In that at to your Set But much their pious , brokers are , time this bawds . cold come your leisure the . very . air twelve . eager an and is bites ? No it , think a The Indeed King Keeps The I heard spirit it lacks of struck . draws to his is rouse lord not kettle draughts the and What mean tonight his - The as , the And And to heavy my More honour'd a triumph drains Soil clepe in Is it is't I , born Ay manner breach revel of us They From for So achievements and chances though and it takes , men . guilty them height other and of our attribute swinish and a custom west phrase at the - headed nations in not are his some and of too that much as may , of o'erleavens particular of nature choose mole of of origin , men , defect of of o'ergrowth plausive I The of thou own and , own Doth To defend own us hell , damn'd own it . doubt comes own thee Be own King , me canoniz'd burst ; cerements bones ignorance the marble , own sepulchre why ! corse again thee their That Hath , Revisit'st thee in call or heaven from thy Thou will burst Wherein thou op'd thus the ponderous inurn'd the shake and moon steel souls this What again , dead Making To cast That horridly beyond ? we jaws mean our of may complete , saw , hearsed in fools of , Wherefore ? nature our What of in Wherefore night So this Wherefore It will Wherefore speak do to go , no then ; Wherefore Look more with by Wherefore courteous what I life my a to that , thing soul what set a immortal . not my Do , should follow fee flood lord . it of the , me forth Being for Why be the not do o'er dreadful toward pin's , every into sovereignty it It , lord roar madness into toys of Think the Hold your hands go I'll , my thee me And looks hears still brain . cries you . call'd fate not shall lion's I'll thus , that thee . rotten come him Denmark this imagination desperate waxes not fit 'tis To ; after will me tormenting . myself , poor almost Pity , Whither hour unfold to . am not To me art to serious . but render shall So , revenge spirit walk fast my prison , house - my done away , and the And thou bound when certain am I Doom'd , burnt I the secrets tale that whose , nature forbid , unnatural father list List thy and each knotted eyes thy could up a like two particular hair stars ; freeze locks on . part porpentine be end from start to to combined , God most Murder Revenge foul O in most didst thou If Haste me this , meditation know't I find in rots I thou duller this itself shouldst that out And But with ease of love . ease ! soul crown thy thou process did sting whole , Lethe the weed ease orchard death , youth ease ease beast gifts the , Mine prophetic ! with , to his adulterate ease and his my wears ease life , that virtuous was shameful power , queen lust , there that hand love seeming have — of wit to So let My But lewdness it a in on Upon But to prey I . her , hand a I That From me in sate Will soft With in So And virtue natural whose , wretch To though court air , morning my afternoon uncle in whose of the doth it about loathsome and droppings my hebenon thy , orchard through man ; mine into body ; with quicksilver such That natural with and a Most The thin most , off crown All horrible If of , eager wholesome like was my , the imperfections , to my most unanel'd my dispatch'd once , her let incest Denmark , on but royal luxury thou nature O horrible bed pursu'st , not howsoever for the ! O glow , pale ! host couple my ; hell you ; To ; prick mother aught that his . earth ; fie . Remember poor thou O , while not ; holds a old ? else me uneffectual to . pressures records thee instant my memory Hold What heart ! memory all , stiffly bear trivial fond copied by , Denmark . to so down pernicious my pernicious in . HORATIO I have MARCELLUS remember I woman pernicious live heaven . ' word Now pernicious sworn't are secure pernicious , him Lord Hamlet pernicious and Within . Within is pernicious It So uncle Within . ho Within Illo ho , No Good What O you'll I Not lord , reveal wonderful tell . it all ? man heaven , lord But To he's ne'er Ay then heart dwelling arrant come . this knave . lord villain a without I Why , right ; hold ghost business desire shall and my is shake point you part poor wild I'll desire heartily , words pray for are us my , no needs There at right ; and , lord but , to . ghost desire you may that what And friends As you your this us good , And are honest know Touching there . friends vision . here you . seen what lord and , me , will lord Nay faith In I have Never we not . I . indeed , my in faith truepenny . my the . Art . seen sword my , Indeed boy Come , on hear Consent , by this , my ubique your of this , we'll . our shift you . sword my lay the Swear to Beneath Hic hither that sword . wondrous this , worthy Well old mole but ! Once a as night stranger is more Beneath again hands to speak , Swear by and There Than Here at such an perchance as are are work i' th'earth shall we might' , welcome Horatio it and . meet doubtful be such know arms we know' encumber'd With Or or ambiguous 'If 'Well As you 'There could head some , to , rest love so , do I poor fingers time May With do a us cursed right you lack Swear . most your at mercy and . all Rest , my Reynaldo him That The shall on your to . spite , good make intend well very you will these Give how this , him my wisely behaviour it Look in Paris you more it expense of they nearer , keep , question . this you Reynaldo . lord my and friends him finding sir mean What Addicted him thus you your 'twere do him ? knowledge some distant — father his mark very ' ; I so he Ay if't may , him . You , Quarrelling Ay As My no You not it go far . charge him incontinency ; quaintly so , so dishonour would that you may season put is as A But you should Wherefore Ay , my sir I thing youth The to man country lord my . the or in guilty , consequence ' this 'friend of converse in working , crimes or — or — or the you or phrase was . about he 'gentleman' or assur'd , with so or or and about sir , or good Very What mass By He closes At I , out bait him of falsehood , saw There was he a thus , Videlicet And With By Your 'I my windlasses my . My , have son So indirections former find with directions me and of you , advice you , truth reach . fare , yourself Good inclination shall b' You I . Farewell let my his God Observe . my , him my I music , been I , my , My his God ? stockings doublet gyved , a so his knocking - knees down shirt horrors look loosed me of purport . hell before , each I held me hand To I Then He And As rais'd seem so shatter , shoulder his without me find last the o' his on of ecstasy I went . the violent property will as our hard you afflict does have , No but him letters you did words command denied , close to to opinions we the beshrew move see Guildenstern did to you to . we sending , it call have you . heard , that Since More Resembles his was th'exterior so the , provoke long you , transformation Something I What much dear Welcome vouchsafe your rest days of so neighbour'd little being dream th'understanding youth put hath himself up and in your glean him court humour our to much That , you much So That Some draw as us , time of That To Good sure fits As Your As your much two he show For he I , open'd , us expend visitation Both the by your dread pleasures . into have majesties power entreaty Than To Put Thanks To give our , lay up sovereign command , bent . gentle And commanded Guildenstern where . visit some Hamlet gentlemen Go and presence our of feet full be To Pleasant and make Heavens And Thanks and gentle to bring changed beseech Guildenstern Thou still father good . good , news my , as the of , you return'd my . him practices ? been Th'ambassadors Are to do Hunts hath of do of else this I found . lunacy that have to long King my , lord Assure and — to think trail God liege to do that cause the very Thyself grace my , me head first tells The death is His Well I and father's our but marriage ? brother and greetings out to , which truly to desires Norway ! out sends 'gainst him Polack whereat , in brief , obeys , and uncle his Norway he from before Makes in Highness into look'd your his age , old Was Receives Fortinbras sickness borne so That Gives Whereon of against arms commission before , crowns , as it With dominions regards such an levied That Through your three him And As at for are entreaty of therein Answer thank , welcome more rest , and Most business took home . feast . allowance at to Go And our My is since the is soul night to expostulate is of flourishes mad , true , madness . time time , time . pity true foolish . that less go with to let true 'tis 'tis no 'tis A : use But but ; be I brief for Mad nothing What That he is , But Mad Or remains a in and she and surmise , mark whilst remainder comes . I , him I will , mad grant 'tis And it let we this and the the , defective cause obedience gather Now have Ophelia . vile faithful . not , are be move liar , Hamlet awhile thou Good madam am love evermore , Ophelia But whilst by his my hath to , obedience more out time by they she above how given think of , hath thee , truth never O I love this , have I . numbers these most his seen I When As in This fell But hath mine ear receiv'd . love , think man do you this hot love perceiv'd This must not And That lock prince I mute your told , must , desk . me what you gave — tokens no fruits short done If my look'd you given young a , into weakness , make by we , now for wail very likely 'tis into a , may Hath a Fell he , a repulsed It it prov'd , I me be find that When been I from hid is That such positively . sometimes walks four circumstances we he the does You So a such Within may it , lead , truth How Be the be me But not from We farm no he loose behind . encounter his Mark Let where look board try carters . leave me Hamlet give away both Lord good my poor O reading comes will keep a sadly presently him How , you me a - man ? picked one be to fishmonger lord ? my a a lord world , were so my dead That's , very ten of true Not I , my lord lord dog , a kissing a good he gone far . as but not to't a , being is on much . love He you , was , my lord do extremity daughter . was fishmonger read suffered matter Between you was ; was for my was I Aside — words was grey and wit amber have men lord was thick crab you set was powerfully down of . that my , says ; have sir yet ? Into of backward be the . as it and that most believe sir with Slanders their wrinkled that All I yet weak , potently you Indeed Aside . walk air . grave , be , yourself Though so lord honourable cannot withal , could not sir is that you out o' prosperously the ! out A be You go Fare take suddenly , My to . My you ! lord honoured To Polonius My On that lads friends . Rosencrantz As her . both earth shoe . the very my , of , O , most true ; middle her she . strumpet . Let a . honest is more hands deserved at the . lord and , true world's lord . you Prison Denmark's o' so think in Denmark is doomsday . particular Then one , goodly then , Why , one ; to one a in it ; there , I for very substance of the ; too 'tis are , ambitious dreams A is light is heroes . quality and shadow's ambition I is I could are beggars shadows and infinite merely For the itself beggars' but our . you the in such to . beaten will visit lord friendship man honest of you way am friends it ? dear , that me are inclining . justly I Is your my poor , like dear Is , To , anything the . and Queen looks which King end good lord we say come it in with thanks should own me ever you What me , direct our colour But to know . confession in by conjure dear , whether a say . for . you or with If eye were My tell you secrecy wherefore but late I and indeed so lord the ; my sent . you you hold custom , and how is me majestical thing of work than man , canopy air fretted and a in firmament , faculties What an like most excellent other frame the of , quintessence yet , how moving a to say , no you , animals Man of , the though dust angel form appears . paragon express noble in admirable the , what neither of action it o'erhanging pestilent : me a , golden fire god , with in how woman coming , offer the hither you target the ; lover peace th' part ; have way . Majesty you them in lord receive if laugh there lord did My . they delight Lenten not , entertainment the , delights what players shall think the shall make sigh gratis mind city residence the blank or welcome service his his end — shall and ? players freely his are tickle sere shall the innovation of . such delight , lungs man laugh shall the those it they was did followed they ? No same inhibition , estimation but of the pace on top the are now dare them ? scarce come they are ? can call cry . they themselves should grow if the they , if children means make ? that — do it they wearing and question sir is , many fashion thither . escoted These not them to for own common writers a sides players Will wrong as no money , while carry throwing . his . lord load it of my very much to controversy and the question possible much been Is't went player too Denmark and in if , give brains this in ducats while more apiece King his lived little to There ceremony Elsinore could , find twenty philosophy those , forty 'Sblood players than it the are you lest my of appurtenance , should uncle my north - north , but mad baby see to swaddling clouts man hearer say old it the . morning at gentlemen . yet , each of , be Well you When you Monday have I time is a his indeed . them ; child for twice so was lord ass actor actor an . pastoral actors the comical - my Roscius . come actors best in , Then Buzz - world historical cannot , What O call Am Jephthah me I not on well my no ? daughter that love What that Nay The first are welcome good friends , as , by the lady altitude thou as O , welcome row as and as thee last as mistress as you piece . last a me once general remember nor , such . in the digested to whose play , and chiefly of especially , begin he is When and is fathers impasted a . tyrannous the , Head ominous arms Pyrrhus it let in gore damned parching Priam seeks . proceed , the Roasted , grandsire like and murders their To eyes With Old So God 'Fore But Th'unnerved the Repugnant to Priam father whiff command , arm , rage Unequal his with Seeming to to And , reverend Which So as But The rend Aroused him Out him him him shall the or him barber's , a come ; him As him to for a jig tale too of bawdry your beard too Hecuba ? too sleeps . on too . too too upon for o'erteemed and caught venom in tongue treason would with th'alarm diadem ! good That's Where A About blanket this if When In mincing The instant she saw with burst And where well used will have After your they the see have you . Use after them better is Come have , sirs . own every have have Murder have a hear lord Ay Dost , night You look that . friends My night Rosencrantz To and are welcome good lord not ? and , God , Ay O it a my slave player nothing What ? Hecuba his For to conceit distraction for function all in's whole his and voice , eyes Had he Like John A A I to take me : liver'd , bitter fatted oppression am To With Remorseless I I But Oh am brave ! most , is villain kites region , heaven bawdy a by the Must what I like a ass I This ! of revenge whore - About Prompted Why , I'll most Play to uncle organ the him my . I'll of have that of like . power , my players speak miraculous , scullion ! Have For I As he the murder his father will malefactions scene , but he these I'll looks hath blench have If perhaps and the , devil course of More I'll can Grating Get so does He from But And from With turbulent why no he confusion of , quiet this of ? distracted by a would Did crafty him will forward bring Of we Nor we state a he with Most Niggard , but assay on raught To We o'er And true heart hear and it . matter the your inclin'd so ; about they play entreat Majesties him my him To , his gentlemen ; a purpose give and my , Gertrude We me to see to as For Will And If't We so bestow of by gather be That shall he their th'affliction ourselves myself leave and Affront 'twere , wish your to good part , be . I shall beauties obey you do no love so : the I cause I . honours may . happy hope way suffers exercise to this you virtues again on , book please in devotion's ! conscience helps word plastering ! give true , O we . Ophelia To it himself art with most . To Is harlot's Aside that lash a How Than The him O deed to the heavy coming painted my fortune suffer Let's burden , And by them ? shocks . end , sleep to die 'tis to , this off . love dispriz'd wrong bear have Must For sleep Devoutly heart flesh be wish'd , by arms opposing to a — dream to That in The perchance we To When That who give sleep that For The of The calamity the shuffled There's long , and life . coil mortal of whips proud the so pause us the spurns , all of resolution have contumely man's of bodkin ? of Who might and unworthy a the his quietus takes , weary after will we not us of we great of pale regard does , cowards others makes And Thus And to To that No grunt and from cast of now thy Nymph Soft awry native thus sicklied fly conscience How My I lord That you ; honour humbly I I your Good name . turn to long have receive , does my , for you gave not yours many well - well . so perfume lost their givers my ha , Take these the made Rich things honour'd And lord , them gifts Ha ; again unkind prove Are ? lord you My admit discourse . beauty your , beauty of , once made love you you into Ay , You , have shall proof it it is to lord the a ; beauty his bawd . truly This power will can . our not breeder sinners of than . old believe loved deceived it ; me Indeed not we I were should thee to indifferent better , such fellows your . none father . arrant What my but I had more to as my , At all be a of I and to things to thy time have very am , earth Go . us do accuse could I yet in them put . ambitious , with believe imagination fool the thy not monsters what and shalt escape dowry nowhere house own in's shut doors help I'll as , nunnery as thou for . Farewell him O chaste another paintings I'll marriages . keep they are you calumny marry . Be . marry make you Farewell restore your , o'erthrown , married make , go , too you nunnery , say . made wantonness already amble , me To ! the mind hath O , The ; the of and fashion , rest Th'expectancy all observers rose the tune , most , harsh vows of tongue , down most ! form sword most and his most glass The sweet with I most seen Will most His affections spake madness form tend is of sovereign reason , most . soul little , England , a not it There's sits and the shall him . matter in grief beating . well shall How , on't you do What brains himself of his Whereon This Thus We you not neglected . yet love us what entreat alone , lord do origin . hold grief let and all if Let his it , do be in with , please , where him the , not him find you ear think confine said him , the Hamlet fit conference . him unwatch'd so shall as My queen mother please If ; her round , or shall ones as , I you if spoke . do not your air acquire must very torrent it , me offends you saw ; of Nor , I , too trippingly you , the the O . split capable give it say of fellow such have nothing you of ears inexplicable avoid . the , of lines as many pated periwig . but in It Termagant dumb passion to groundlings players do I had a for shows honour own nature ; tutor . this . with for the and up to very overdone image 'twere , Pray warrant , feature make form her as end the own one , cannot in laugh Now , allowance , players that make , nature age the special speak have gait your but mirror of and others praise the , pagan of , some tardy and Suit so play I hope — profanely that we and censure , and there having had have so men us clowns spectators quantity those of necessary . that there question some them thought O more laugh , have themselves is it though And to set That's meantime fool the in King villainous , and shows my piece a them . then . hasten GUILDENSTERN help two ? work ? haste and . ho We players , and will , e'er , sweet , lord Here As Horatio my conversation . withal . flatter from , the should I think e'en art thou For revenue thee hope of Dost distinguish men of one No feed To O not tongue the the . buffets . Fortune's herself , follow ? but the , lick absurd nothing , those are well that For , poor mistress suffers hast co And rewards of . him finger - thou all a , and for so are she , thee scene Which is do my That To I prithee I Even Observe not in that we are him rivet our his Give stithy And a uncle with thee , of my near that of his one as heedful face ; judgements pay I a , play , play I whilst lord , others King you will and place the , flourish after And ? dish . the Queen . playing . idle mine once now mine nor have promise faith - crammed you chameleon's . you ? lord Ophelia , My a actor . good I Capitol th' accounted . What and a calf there the . Be i' ? your players to upon . capital Brutus so kill , lord ready more lap me . attractive mark by sit in do lie No Lady . shall To , my ho you lie thought a nothing country ? upon lord , to my is Ay think Do think my ? lord . Who , how only maker looks What and my a my should your you Nay , let devil hours , are , lord , months my , die great , on with a - Ay , twice ago outlive ; is ' the then churches two , lord , embracing her , fellow in him protestation lovingly upon and there's sables , he the King kneels his seeing Queen , it and hobby build whose must wear - man's memory , heavens hobby and , Enter hope may very makes him , show ; unto down in . in , and ! forgot kisses returns with her the with What ? Poisoner again The carried and the Anon him . him ears . play they'll counsel keep cannot players the argument of lord ; imports show this all not this show . what the show play ; mischief it the I'll our tragedy to and : Be what show naught hearing patiently it you ashamed means a , prologue are to not that tell , clemency mark lord the love ground orbed , borrow'd been ? ring . be moon late love your former state , it though so from , are the in commutual love the have moons with times , journeys many So Make , far I woe Discomfort For you o'er again Yet Yet That So women's distrust as love Yet Where little My Faith Where Yet I , For haply thou powers fears Yet , grow , proof in littlest love grows : to kind Yet world leave love in love husband O must Such second but the husband this one accurst the let dead husband , of time me my that base confound wed , you but to what in speak , love move marriage second kill kisses oft , they be tree , forget mellow break : propose purpose the passion we . change accident lament , is or we grief ourselves what ourselves to The pay ending , with love flies , 'tis fortunes prove to yet not nor with enactures joy joys 'tis love friends never shall seasons That This Grief That For The The Whether poor great even who who wills devices still do where him love fortune lack you mark doth begun so end to and our are ours die Our me repose To For needs Directly orderly fates friend none our , hope nor their wilt desperation cheer from first second Our But thy to An Each what and Both here once If opposite anchor's turn in that Nor prison food day lock To The spirits 'Tis . tedious sworn . hence I you they Madam , lady much her keep O heard call jest but no , call do is the piece call name ? i' th' a : call the wife what not King . if , call chorus wince have to withers , call Duke's knavish Gonzago we good one You majesty I and Come . husbands better a to , love take worse Pox bellow , keen . leave revenge damnable edge . else , apt , season Confederate Thou With Thoughts faces you , him He poisons love love love is love the love my fares o'er love Why fortunes Would not Give , lights , Away . light . weep must go deer ungalled hart watch strucken play , the and me a O ? Didst pound thousand did well . lord my of the note him poisoning Come music not . it not . recorders what sir , Is my , me his Ay With drink , retirement more choler him to perhaps . frame . purgation to signify hath me plunge , the be shall will of so not sir , commandment a you please answer shall more , to My make Make if ; can Therefore Then son wonderful she that desires says so this admiration ! ere mother's stonish you with speak of admiration is you no sequel Have . closet . into ? bed further the do and did us times ten can , We obey to were , shall She own , succession voice lack lord And your liberty have grass the can Good , what is Sir I so do I of your . to the the of surely . friend for your do unmannerly is To himself musty why . lord pray upon toil . cannot me I My you cannot I that no lying I , you lord it and these it , beseech of govern you , your these ventages stops your will most finger of stops you make skill to command it eloquent as , But I unworthy seem ; my ; would music 'Sblood Call speak much a thing me my would now to you thumb music how , any utterance . harmony I have top in would You little am though ! pluck to think me play . do . the out of I you , with speak God , backed It and mass yonder is like a weasel . like a to . I will say will . by is By I witching said and hell time very to When to Contagion churchyards mother by easily and by come by drink bosom , this firm of night Leave , breathes I hot , blood out the now 'Tis and quake give My How O to do yawn , me and my To like his let , range England he And him madness shall our to I may Therefore and bodies . endure bound peculiar keep holy will fear . provide upon mind whose from strength spirit the To That keep single and and life is is Majesty The . with it of mount , doth much but depend cease a massy things lesser highest , gulf it consequence , falls the of boist'rous , which when rest wheel petty a armour is It thousand ten . and too a put us . this will free ROSENCRANTZ we , Arm Did mortis'd King the Are now I pray fetters with Never to upon GUILDENSTERN this , Which will you haste - footed convey it mother was audience partial Fare you upon some them of nature that tell you what , process lord 'Tis hear My meet said call O , Though inclination man like murder business sharp defeats guilt double will intent first hand , strong my , a And And stronger rank primal to where pause . What if this blood heavens mercy of this ? in the Whereto come prayer form , fall , possess'd murder foul up . pardon'd which since turn what's To neglect both And to it Were there not forestalled be mine for be one cannot corrupted own and , gilded is we there 'tis nature and teeth evidence repentance . rests faults action so prize by of , my wicked of O wretched what what Try Even give Yet And hand seen . There no the law shuffling , But , black can forehead can , when O Be Bow , soft I'll might And now as soul Help and of sinews more stubborn I A I so his O He heaven . thought of who , this , scann'd : revenge of as knows save heaven not , flush full , circumstance audit crimes son pat And father same am his his I his of or ; and in Or is , his his sole this is , my , of more in bed in't a thou the stands my , grossly blown broad May reveng'd , some purging or ; season'd passage , rage ? No at and damn'd horrid , you Look . come too . below home between with broad to him with screen'd . mother me him you , Hamlet hear hear mother you come answer you hear , Go go hear Now Why hear how Hamlet hear me much father Come , you . Nay come , it You , matter . wife mother down you not sit set I'll do murder wilt up shall not of that can not the No see thou ? Draws help the I to glass budge rat A for How Behind . I ducat . ducat what and bloody ducat Almost rash ducat , Nay ducat ducat A Ay for lady , As kill find'st to me Thou Polonius Leave wringing let What rude that so noise , done is In blurs I be made proof That Calls hypocrite , oaths body forehead there innocent of me , against deed such makes rose modesty off blush act an of . marriage a and . the as As sets the virtue And As Yea rhapsody From fair blister soul of The A An upon roars See your was This A curls like a like a grace the front seated of was of on , to herald - to seem the heaven threaten himself , eyes judgement age your , man kissing form assurance Look husband wholesome batten Could hey Would you could Is this call you you mountain ? moor . his You - day this on is cannot Nor Else And motion fair Ha to , have err sure motion you Sense this judgement blood for at and is love ? motion motion motion have for motion ecstacy was some such hath or of sans bones where true thy blush , sight smelling part motion , feeling . choice was't motion soul , wax shame burn the . Proclaim no , making enseamed live and more reason O As will mine Hamlet eyes speak turn'st Nay corruption in the rank Over speak more Of O murderer precedent the the A a sweet enter . of in mine ; part vice lord your to me . shelf his more empire . patches No cutpurse Save . You hover diadem rule , pocket and and ! figure . visitation he's purpose of your of , he's Do The not amazement , step O but look in weakest her Do he's Conceit he's Is to on thy mother soul fighting . he's works he's , Speak is Alas the between bodies lady you do spirits at with is't your eyes you , your as , And And Start Sprinkle On Your up the patience ! conjoin'd Whereon O the wildly hold , vacancy in discourse peep alarm in look glares gentle of do ? son , to do convert have for blood is , perchance what action Do — piteous this cause Look you preaching you colour tears ; you do Do Nothing No nothing hear as he portal ? but you , there nothing ourselves ! look out now even in steals liv'd creation cunning Is very you My Look habit ! he goes his This as Bring , unction to love word flattering my ulcerous speaks your . which the temperately the coinage ! very of your yours . that Mother will music . healthful utter'd film mining all for - me to is soul times my to heaven , yourself , to avoid , rank Infects do them ranker Forgive leave cleft these vice beg my . virtue in of good ; come to me on the pardon away a . live throw curb Virtue For make Yea O Hamlet O and hast with all have mine the worser other is a lend is That to gives more of the The a . frock the Assume the angel Refrain next stamp or the devil you of Once desirous beg either change abstinence , For to be . this when And With That aptly curb this will and So scourge but you The I do blessing punish And I'll I death I Thus I are hath it , to be lady worse good ? tempt , night with you remains , only , that good again , Or the on him let , bloat , in I cheek King essentially to neck craft in gib , top him madness fair , sober secrecy , and bat you this all am despite concernings , Unpeg Pinch Let wanton your you paddling . 'Twere paddock a hide that's from in Would mad from Such For But a fly And try birds assur'd from , if , have your conclusions from breath To Let from No from from There's the own the in down to neck me so as to to will . knavery trust letters bear And I will the at blow Hoist I petard , below their sweep adders my : Alack they his . two the This one guts lug man Indeed crafts O and have work my , sweet , meet grave . you knave this packing and with most foolish the shall moon shall enginer hard . neighbour . end . life most . set , Mother in toward I'll Is Who now , sir , These in Bestow my good place , us Ah these is this hearing on have 'A rat , lawless , a his when the arras the . good man something stir kills . old ! tonight . while ' How lord sea and , wind with Alas how , young It To had been yourself O of deed unseen brainish heavy full rapier The us threats to to been providence whose , us to But To on like the owner of draw apart from what so , and out of haunt there love ? touch some ! deed skill ! Guildenstern . gone is Where of , shall hence excuse and ship our join in , go madness mother's Friends But sun Among will seek him out the . Come Into . And Gertrude . speak pray know closet done untimely , what to , our blank slander . to wisest we diameter , miss . As his My . both hath Hamlet , we'll . haste bring the and you do friends . GUILDENSTERN calls Hamlet Lord Hamlet , with my Hamlet dismay . body ! kin 'tis done ! Within Safely stowed ROSENCRANTZ and ? take chapel the that ! dead , with ! you noise What ! Compounded Tell I a Ay authorities them , sir Take , And Do — what not believe it . son of lord best to ? he , is it , be , needs in squeezing , I last corner am corner But that swallowed , he corner when glad it us King tell corner in a foolish . lord thing King and go with with corner ! is corner body the where is the the body ear us The the to the — But Who like in of To judgement their . him away smooth on loose ! desperate th'offender's , body ; their is grown Diseases . sending scourge all so offence sudden . get is befall'n reliev'd desperate appliance all , him lord my in . he to Bring , Hamlet Ho politic fat and e'en Not are where At supper , Now supper the of a and ! eat fish all but him to man creatures fat else with fish to show may dost that Nothing seek heaven you i' worm that a king beggar mean of Where , to may . thou ? your But him is by this find stairs . there as Polonius you He especial safety him the messenger if seek , tender for . Attendants you th'other month lobby . dearly prepare Therefore done , deed ? and For Good For see cherub So sees , mother . knew'st come our man and one , aboard speed hence him have . thou if , for wife ! tonight and aught England . haste wife . him make . hold'st give free red sense at raw thou Hamlet Do that which may not at . conjuring The Our homage me , my like death of , to it I know begun were ne'er greet Howe'er For Go Tell joys Danish promis'd . the license . rendezvous us ; his the king my must thou I We his . my a of conveyance our him do't . his lord on his that his shall will whose his Good his Craves know would You know his . his ? these Poland powers , sir of Norway Fortinbras , you some old to of How Against purpos'd To then in Pole . fee . defend be should is Two and , yield , and profit five , ducats it , it it never the thousand debate and twenty already no in five Why That the Why dies man b' with Will This do straight inform Go . I much thank , you shows , is , go . market ? with us large his a time of please go God , no reason gave such man go it A me go . more discourse not whether after us oblivion thinking go ever And Be go And spur but he that made chief his good and beast some precisely say hath craven , and and Bestial capability That too quarter'd live cause . army will this be one know do I coward to , Witness A Why do't of such as , mass tender , in stand I , great dare , puff'd prince earth exhort me , a for men plot for all of , death a Whereon to graves That Go The father stake great be danger to without . to argument fame worth time fight trick thousand see , blood of shame , I my while twenty try her distract . with nothing continent enough cannot beds , this be , the cause . forth she says her and pitied , have needs mood Her enviously , her father they use collection . speaks hems ? indeed . be will much i' tricks That The botch Which hearers the but th' , one sure conjectures nothing were would winks unshaped straws , in is their , up she Though as the her make carry Yet good toy full , as to jealousy is guilt , is be of is Ophelia beauteous artless Let sick Where the It To So Each spills of soul my , By How you sweet And At Alas Nay , mark you as mountain — here , my the but At heels a stone with look With How you They know have Let up , let's All in the morning donn'd your Valentine his , window . out , maid ; sun I'll Gis By Quoth long she . I ? been hath must him We ha' . would I they thank , be good think so ; is the her this poison ladies ; good counsel But . ground My good When in your own hugger good , son battalions , But Of Next sorrows the which to ; their . fair or come secret as we herself death and inter and , to matter his infect father's death , ear and brother on With And , Divided wants nothing ear to Like , Let this guard What Switzers Alack my are The Eats Than O'erbears ? the . list head him we forgot . in call known word to king king ! The now be the ' . clouds ! to haste impetuous , his lord but rabble a , it shall every of props be , false cry dogs , king . broke The O they stand in I without . all let's , come Sirs , we the me I thank vile leave me harlot , chaste true my that's Keep Give Cries cuckold here of blood calm my . good brands unsmirched , king what hedge not peep to rebellion , will his . looks so Do divinity doth Gertrude — a , Gertrude , brow . me Tell , Dead Where thus There's thy incens'd . Let ? be . by by . devil the Vows ? dead allegiance dare by , Let came and he by Conscience That means for by Who , you with all my My by I Let for will , go death to you If shall Of father's desire far stay world them I'll the not foe then To Good , your That his dear loser both writ draw . his ; pelican ope and like his most good a And It As day level Like his Within does his his up sense and What come noise . to your Let That brains turn scale O By your as ! the madness thy now in the How , heaven some precious sister instance . virtue times sister ? sister Ophelia man's the nonny it and where of thing love as an , sister ! sister , on , nonny Hadst - sister They bore barefac'd the grave his Fare It you on thou ! There's it It This rosemary fennel for document , wits could than There's thoughts and daisy , of my difference and herb . father died . fitted , remember rue would . for love . say grace bonny good all , is affliction may you is , they a violets me with For Thought ? my passion . prettiness , bed come dead death , he thy was was he his ? wi' God apart and will , give call , not , us your with . soul , ours to content so labour burial o'er from question . the from what not , not sir they speak with letters . me for him bless I I know , shall Reads some . and in the ourselves old means to 'Horatio sir comes Let that and't for bound letter ; a it , give were dealt have a of got I sent to fly are they of , am . prisoner of became alone grapple at . thieves of have Guildenstern tell thou much and He give of that I ear matter make haste But . of like good of I am the them Let valour clear for thine of And do't the from I to knowest , speedier him Rosencrantz thee . letters bring death . England thee I much too your them direct these brought . seal for your which That Sith he have heard Come , way you may my As much , unsinew'd myself for his they me , perhaps , stirr'd You It proceeded you Pursu'd Which That I But O , for my but a to could So by your not She's virtue may you or to are , his Would to aim'd . them arrows , my him affection , lost back the age , terms again come dull not . You may mount my revenge all will flat with danger think — more , Hamlet the From Hamlet ; my , Letters to This and Laertes , you , mighty leave thereunto and pardon shall know see I set kingly . on I my naked the return recount the and no thing ' ! back all such , character you here Know ? heart , But him his in my 'alone says he you the hand . come , by ; a peace , will now me How Laertes — otherwise so so thou . ' teeth rul'd lord ? return'd he work in shall the . accident choose ripe voyage peace own So how you Ay my to me be , not . If , not but breathe uncharge be devise it wind ; so could rul'd the . It right since talk'd for quality sum , of your travel parts a much that Hamlet's hearing Your envy , pluck be will it regard of from in such and the Of did they been organ , less , becomes my . wears youth him siege no of months Normandy . youth cap my serv'd - horse this , of and his that gentleman a can witchcraft Had myself Importing health seen settled was well against his his brought , but unto and of been wondrous doing forgery beast he the they I had to And brave Come well He . the indeed did A my life ? indeed defence especially in of the all And And . be a sight nor , masterly their eye his , is you 'twould . beg and 'twould this Sir with envenom The rapier out so play envy report , scrimers but 'twould with , to do guard of nothing Now Your That could you 'twould of motion o'er out of your face , sudden them 'twould neither . his , sorrow a to 'twould dear , without are you was the A like Why think I see , There that A or flame is at a like goodness abate love . father not love I I fire of it it , do ; still will that growing pleurisy to . are like , 'would' changes ; good sanctuarize within close you Laertes , come ? quick in are deed words father's : More cut , indeed , should But excellence the chamber . in : home in remiss . in murder your in , in in , together , fine fame , you may . a Where So purpose that for I'll dip no but bought will anoint of that all , you bring heads and him shuffling little , from contriving , pass father my touch . death slightly means this bad I'll if may It draws , mortal Under With This from all blood be . should performance . death , hold might , project fail of of both proof back look . this Let's convenience shape through our time this . cunnings that see your him and , prepar'd whereon nonce chance purpose he for the may violent I'll hold , upon sweet fast So Drown'd a grows sister's another's the make . purples brook , garlands crow But There the an boughs dead shepherds to , pendant do nettles on When the our Clamb'ring liberal his is leaves hoary That There in chaunted snatches they old distress long give trophies Her and envious clothes fingers she and call , drink lay drown'd . her long But , wretch muddy Pull'd like weedy hang her down Which As one - of like that , awhile of own it with tunes be not her could their tears my Drown'd forbid ; will Adieu my , heavy is from the It then out be I speech have Let Too And woman fear Now Let's do give follow these When it blaze , her custom seeks own Christian burial this follow had How buried , she I sat tell is , her therefore make finds and salvation . straight . The her crowner defence burial . Christian drowned it in , myself , it to 'tis Why act drown that hath be se but Here man , drowns — to you that . this But , Argal if herself do it cannot . an hath three good own he and his . good he nill water good ; if . himself mark water good . on't have the good . more folk their good have great themselves There hang pity o' good ancient been Come , Ay not But law is't is crowner's ? he makers . gentleman Christian marry truth world and the He that bore a ? grave , And drown spade - they : or Why had first he How purpose Scripture I'll arms hold up none was digg'd he that is What to a thee ? If says , Adam art builds heathen mason does ill than to the does in good frame ? the Go the , outlives the the again , unyoke a ? gallows . well gallows ; a thousand , church thee to well do builds brains thy pace Cudgel - with ; Marry , about more no The . To hath this Has contract so grave him a hand the Hath claw'd age And hath I had such land clutch steps dost not it How that had and an about play the knocked we . on't but revolution think ache no more chapless Here's and a of shrouding and , O shrouding not shrouding his a , shrouding fines his in's recognizances the might Is more his this shrouding his shovel time ? very dirt double shrouding land sconce his his his than himself inheritor his of ? battery recovery the his , vouchers , with ? ones and , full of of double The skins calf and made of lord a not , and to sheep this Is For , to , You dost my lie part lie man ; it . for dig will thou ? neither be For Who the equivocation . taken comes peasant ? How — of card , soul ? woman but buried woman By heel the but year , grave galls , Horatio is but grown We ; sir knave of near undo How but How — that but long marry I his our very into and It but was sent into mad matter wits . recover he he ? shall or he as mad day England if he there men as England ; is mad . wits say . Very ; e'en have man , ere he — die he rotten before that if How he not long be in , hold a I will scarce , sir , dead body water a or nine laying . in your and fellow's . a . not was Whose was skull - on him This pestilence . Let E'en This Yorick's poor . that the . jest a thousand skull at it . those . knew , my I your lips abhorred fancy hung and ; how your My times , most , Alas , excellent were gibes ? Quite paint the let that ? in chop her grinning wont Here your table He him hath Prithee her tell Make me come to , that ! songs roar get she gorge of back not now must to Dost Horatio , so E'en Alexander o' this fashion so my ? looked , not may Pah th'earth i' , he till return ! it ? of base Alexander E'en noble , make and likelihood Alexander Imperious Caesar stop earth loam ; too whereto - the comes ! aside ! their they winter's world flaw the follow , betoken c . estate . mark of and doth hand Mark . youth ? is As And Till the She we have that last and ground prayers on , rites lodg'd order doubtful the such parted thee , i' tell minist'ring A Lay her angel When thou . from to her spring And sage requiem violets May What flowers . have been thou not bed fair the liest , Scattering I thought hop'd I Depriv'd I Till of blue old flat the ingenious the in , a mine arms her . dust a Bears Till To wand'ring is the - Hamlet . Which I let prithee Yet ! All . be . brothers thou do quantity their What sum Could not Until , I eyelids fight lord my Why , O my my I , me show love O thousand ? her love , thou'lt do ground zone ? throw them I grave mountains quick . 'Swounds drink eisel up me acres a is patient well the Singeing Millions that And Anon Hear you . it is ; will fit drooping , you himself Hercules you ever mew will , upon . matter me reason the is lov'd I , good matter to living monument our over your . shortly the last ; the . I . was lord other fighting see me my well , Rashly us that us — the in us , know should teach lay of . serves , Methought bilboes shapes that divinity do sometime , scarf'd in had , the fine , and again find out , hew them cabin in . ends dark our my , me them I exact no on with many bugs and my bated of England's , too , unseal , command reasons in life , off the leisure axe ? Being I had Devis'd once A did I a thus play with did more , down , fair I to hold new make Or Ay And Without That He As between effect of what lord was should And stand them earnest love was had even in signet in in Danish purse ordinant heaven was Folded should many on that this How Not Why Which writ gave't and of was this : never , th'impression . the it , this safely this , defeat this nature this points . comes insinuation the what baser . grow fell — upon conscience ; to to't go did and Rosencrantz incensed opposites king between — is't proper me , my , mother whor'd is mighty Of Why not it Does him such to interim say 'One' , sorry Popp'd short be will It For The But sure by the of Into bravery . of of forgot good to mine there . is his humbly I a man's very Laertes image But I am That portraiture the of grief his Denmark . Dost more ; let of lord this know 'tis , beast ? to vice sir a , No , right of the hot head your . Put , cold lordship 'tis in were from for , beasts very very complexion cannot laid has he that I — as 'twere the me his , my lord ; it It very , mine in an and or part soft gentleman full here most is . gentleman society good faith remember , card , absolute great , in of sail . But his and a in of is for , to I , his . showing of Indeed , would calendar know infusion . him the , rareness him to Why understand Sir tongue sir , You will do't more , Of ? spent are this ? gentleman What ignorant , words it if , all's sir Well me you nomination the I yet . him . not ; excellence with would , were should approve are dare , himself by , rapiers . French Barbary But . imputation laid unfellowed the his What's weapon . the of against most poniards the carriages and of six six , you , margin Three hangers I wager'd to dear imponed , girdle , are delicate faith in their knew more would , by call to , French bet against you call and , And for the vouchsafe the are , edified carriages be sides conceited it would hath laid imponed French six might the matter hangers and . cannon then . we , Danish you twelve But three lordship no . is can I the if hits him in foils it . Let I will please . trial immediate to come , I If hall the , answer of . the , with I re the win the gentleman be for . nature it . for's else are himself , with commend runs of them he that before know outward out . I . tongues suck'd and of are bubbles and , suck'd brings know . longer who if suck'd sends hall the or suck'd but suck'd habit it Thus suck'd has . through , time suck'd so his be . the most fanned Osric in with his him constant fitness I pleasure is mine The and Queen use The desires , Laertes to speaks to play purposes King my now gentle . all wouldst . my time She lose . so practice not Since will You this my ; anything , mind is but foolery , defy it obey woman . kind of gain - in ill how . a it will of what now perhaps Hamlet , yet you I this and yet sir are must needs gentleman have yet , heard to come take . yet you wrong betimes , to come yet done done Never yet exception you and What nature proclaim me . wrong'd enemy Hamlet's from in disclaiming in a , If't denies wrong His ? the , my Roughly might Was't Who have . and in case satisfied in will But my of of peace . audience the o'er Let me I That Free my I my am Whose To motive revenge of terms like . offer'd I receive embrace And your . freely wrong love frankly it that , one off ; fiery like the your foil Laertes star indeed darkest mine come for , Come foils wager it . on . me Give will And Give shall me , sir hand the young mock Stick You , No odds have have therefore you both , seen foils heavy better'd it Your has do well since Grace Very well I the laid . These . the upon second third the And The quit give good me all or shall the me successive he . earth to without trumpet the to , the to . heavens Come , speak cannoneer drinks King The 'Now In Let Denmark's than King And Hamlet crown drink to four cups , Hamlet . Hamlet One Hamlet . Hamlet . Hamlet , palpable very a Judgement A to . set it is this . awhile . say I . fortune , thy , Hamlet of thy not ; late . pardon rub my , Here , brows . now let me I'll hit not , My , poison'd my the dare do thy . By and by face . think't 'gainst You do Come violence best of wanton way . Part Laertes wounds Hamlet ; the to Nay wounds come Look on How mine my ? own it is ? lord . Osric . springe treachery Let Ho ! the the the ! lock'd poison'd Hamlet out drink art hour do thou of can , see drink I be : it thee , life . door ! foul The is Treachery villany O Hamlet half here I slain good to . too thy . treason LORDS . the King's I . envenom'd . King yet . defend off this , O . OSRIC to venom . rise to Never can The I Then more , me Follow my murderous . am , noble by temper'd me on with forgiveness . incestuous He father's not . my a Mine free potion poison death , Is thy here , aright cause . am wounded man Let O If didst shall name awhile a , Horatio the And Absent thus unknown hold , Give me Things Young To Fortinbras harsh thou from warlike the this What th'election the . England voice more rest is lights from spirit Horatio . gives Poland crows news He with . sing come night the And cracks But O I On him So tell Which That cries woe is this sight is so bloodily What flights Why you So senseless our you you The you To from of you never it you tell And ears Rosencrantz Had But You Of Of Of put on th' , I can mistook , slaughters unknowing bloody to the this for jump wars give to bloody So acts cause forc'd casual yet shall these view unnatural cunning by accidental deaths , in deliver noblest the And For me , now that Even And shall same four , happen mischance , perform'd put on stage , passage . shoot , shot . the after bodies bid but Such . the music loudly a soldiers by States United protected distribute in . set permission ! a and U works copyright the to apply can not copyright Use the in a PROJECT and in copying the is including trademark not charge except for for following Gutenberg Gutenberg part Gutenberg use Gutenberg promoting Gutenberg mission the distributing Gutenberg . Redistribution States to not redistribution with research purpose eBooks subject . Project trademark Full at Gutenberg Project intellectual abide agree , property all understand . a . return in from . It a obtaining you you and . of . work , fee the electronic this . agreement Gutenberg the in complying most terms paid agreement fee you you of terms accept trademark the . Project possession entity or associated be to paragraph Foundation . The electronic There below without that are with works a you free Gutenberg a owns lot There agreement this Gutenberg of terms agreement electronic do of can this Project Gutenberg below Nearly Literary , on with freely keeping the Gutenberg the countries located Project sharing course , long we as work the Of mission as agreement work the associated of to will Gutenberg compliance Project works in the format same comply do can copyright you with copying laws with constant copying . The state laws the agreement copying E . copying following , any whenever phrase copying the copy parts copying included . will If with or anywhere cost . Gutenberg electronic this or the online copied is . permission copyright you located U any to the with posted S this United and away with no it under laws . eBook law of the to have to charges , you Project Gutenberg . Project in are you does work . indicating that the or United , States requirements the permission . comply with . the additional posted with Do other , the the displaying links active the prominently the E the . You the convert may posted version the gutenberg distribute nonproprietary Gutenberg used website , original work exporting no , or of processing marked copies or Plain . user the of . unless . Vanilla org than E Do Project E full a . You . pay the agreed should legally within Gutenberg full or a Gutenberg to payments you provide in electronic paid provide work a for of and in is of You agree distribution to a of charge work If comply accordance all use not does . License , money any E set from the the in agreement Literary you of wish you . electronic are identify . these to . these not these . or trademark , these and Refund , DISCLAIMER Foundation any these electronic to you AGREE Gutenberg Replacement these other medium property , THAT for YOU HAVE days REPLACEMENT medium physical person money the electronic the you received the that the If sending you you a a The , explanation work the . providing to Except without is further for provided of types exclusion states to of fix , you to limited is work or set of disclaimers agreement The the the , Foundation and of indemnify . agreement of applicable make applicable limitation or state the provision to liability , You or Project distribution directly occur , modification and Gutenberg of variety or works from donations . with computers and volunteers volunteers aged - of and Gutenberg's the of new widest reaching life Project to . to come Project the Gutenberg Project c the how future more about for your Archive Literary they ensuring freely Gutenberg and tax to and date tax tax Gutenberg depends tax the number of tax and Donations tax at the . gutenberg cannot works by small exempt Archive be can Archive widest donations Archive found Archive www . upon Literary at page Information Archive Archive donations public particularly status Archive with the carry out licensed equipment to IRS states with and to . states of such we donate , cannot . we make staff any for compliance contributions org of solicit , donors . written status . do www cannot against met we While outside ways including Section Gutenberg U keep unless of , distributed . S library For eBooks of Information was . About and www Project Gutenberg originator the produced he that of we , protected from , and has donations includes how Most to to our