? there ? the ! Stand Stand upon thee to Stand 'Tis Stand You . Stand Stand Barnardo . Francisco hour guard sick at . cold . there my , a good . quiet stirring mouse meet Stand them , this to . ho is . O farewell soldier hath - Dane reliev'd ? is of Welcome . this has , Horatio A , Holla Horatio of hold says will Horatio And With us eyes , this and appear , the watch 'tis again our , down 'twill tush fortified two Well awhile to not apparition . ears story seen approve speak , this of speak . down heaven where comes and then star his now , the break Peace the again . Horatio , Horatio wonder Mark , night warlike and offended stalks speak ! Did sometimes Stay 'Tis , How Horatio Is God ! What this might Before my the ! Of mine ! eyes and own the this avouch ! very armour ! King had combated the thou th'ambitious , when Norway once ! he sledded the was Such smote When He 'Tis art he ; parle hour our dead an in stalk and hath the In This Thus in what martial particular some gross and and opinion ; this at jump strange to work eruption me brazen of the , knows watch , of daily for shipwrights the of Sunday , the strict nightly this make What might not And is't but even be night joint that me ? last Our to us , seal'd world a heraldry those , and a ; Fortinbras which law ; his seiz'd , he Against stood Well by of , to the , him his conqueror the article the ; here young , by been he Was Which Did Had gaged of the To vanquisher . Now inheritance King as mettle of list , motive watch our this is enterprise and hot Norway of diet us unto which sir full there , other , hand strong by those , take no foresaid I chief wars : King the , fell sheeted mind's and the Julius state palmy mightiest and the in fire doomsday with trains The influence of the empire Neptune's to . countrymen demonstrated on fierce moist star dead blood , where use be to me Speak happily , thee If If thou Or Which be there That For . Stay spirits of thy , speak speak speak , speak death walk and womb in speak oft ! uphoarded speak , it speak , Do speak speak here ? here here here here , crew here cock thing . air the the wrong do it our , like summons fearful when , that lofty day . and of a And it is This his It crowing crowing hallow'd takes say wholesome , and crowing do eastward hill it crowing advice russet and what up we ; us young crowing spirit Unto crowing dumb Do consent our you Let crowing nights fairy The No So have So , But heard morn in high seen tonight my will him speak , and Lords , pray shall duty morning . Laertes fitting , in shall loves our most woe fought brow and brother's Attendant it one in Together we jointress 'twere dole , gone our , have For our of late be out all young worth frame , message , death , his for meeting So those us valiant ourself for To hath not this disjoint supposal that , Holding thinking dear our by Or by our Thus ; and CORNELIUS the you , subject ; and herein : further , your things nothing all , Of these King this doubt that You told of some . of not speak suit . news is't thou , offer wouldst thy reason the . farewell we VOLTEMAND haste let what's What to the heart father ? heartily , Denmark , have throne wouldst Dread confess , bend wishes came . slow , done France Polonius last leave , coronation and toward ? leave kind ? off lids sun than thy will ! son is A But than that , it lord , the clouds Hamlet , Thou know'st 'tis common , nature , If it my suspiration windy it so Nay , madam not customary the nor Seems ! be particular inky of of it , bound , heaven , still , and , against it fault As vulgar A Take vulgar a This As father so corse till he vulgar We who of take of our note earth vulgar today throw us , to vulgar you a peevish vulgar 'tis a the Fie vulgar reason fault immediate common to immediate less no most for , woe immediate let father love that world immediate bears For . nobility think , immediate his : immediate remain , son immediate eye and of son . you madam , of accord a fair . best prayers and my the - earthly heaven heart to as Why in stay mother all thee pray in gentle 'tis , and unforc'd a loving Denmark This and resolve . flat the stale , me all Seem Fie grows to seed it That Oh itself not would a had too too weary merely ! nay , not so a a might her Visit remember excellent dead Everlasting into slaughter on't me Must By what little think on of , thy grown on month hang and earth woman were name shoes father's body is a : two , not and mother to — and uncle my tears and and , to ! and good and to come incestuous in her galled hold must my of — reason mine with like a wicked most unrighteous , post , sheets cannot to married such my ; servant , my I poor same And your , my good Wittenberg name , Horatio myself , from what The change Sir you make with you : so , report ; say my no know see mock my Thrift Would me student mother's your affair drink your is I came deep see ! foe , methinks seen I ever I it my fellow , bak'd tables marriage forth my my I furnish had met coldly father In my him was a saw , My man lord He In and . Been admiration . gentlemen a for had may had had , distill'd me , watch , had had had , walk'd the kept . This had father , watch was I , made both act him did deliver'd word not . the third impart they they thing apparition more true . knew , the Where The lord upon to Itself lifted motion sound writ down lord my it , me ? this , Arm'd top to toe . to not O , say lord Both you he in red very Nay , Pale I MARCELLUS It with A have I watch 'twill grizzled it . again sable was one beard His If And warrant assume it walk Perchance I my Give will it you speak , you in hap tonight your conceal'd hitherto else peace shall loves your an And it hold to me Let Our . you to 'twixt duty in my soul arms the requite whatsoever it , I'll visit , foul play still the sit some father's spirit , not . benefit Farewell do Though Think nature and For inward Forward The permanent perfume not The , The Whereof he May As weigh with Or it And keep , what loss your it or of the of Ophelia her maid chariest Out Virtue Fear she The And in oft If The As watchman not th'effect , are rebels shall to me Himself as the Show Whilst the like a steep thorny ungracious though good But own me here my path not But double Laertes the ? in stay'd There , aboard , father . thou Nor any character . tried . adoption of , entertainment steel thee , Beware no tongue vulgar , station : friend and of the be self own thine as , to season false this my leave blessing my : Farewell Thou it : the to your you 'Tis And you The Most keep Farewell What have said Farewell keep . keep . it , my shall lock'd keep the keep , he touching , keep is't bethought the to keep , he you ; very Lord and well , way that And Given 'Tis your told of so do behoves you ? daughter understand of — as been audience Have in my Give , made many girl . love go to . go ; to his holy speech , all to , the Lends light vows heat these . of woodcocks blazes how , it than : catch may almost burns When Ay the more in Set your scanter at Lord a in both , lord , to vows as fire , springes You a Than must command so believe not of Look Do may Believe much a be And given his that The Breathing But vows for their pious suits they few show bawds for from moment the or so in sanctified which mere like to't you , better I The is I air shall my hour and is very season my , Wherein ? it think it , What The Keeps The as wassail drains The kettle he What spirit mean tonight and - it Is Ay his thus . takes and the and drum wake doth , though born mind my in the breach reels Rhenish of trumpet . and , heavy clepe From They headed - and tax'd mole chances traduc'd , us us Soil The our for By their , the as pure as , too the of Or His Doth in , my health intents thy ministers comes evil substance own noble fault . of dram of scandal of of spirit and of lord , To of Bring of Be thou of Angels with of King Why thy To That Revisit'st , thee Hath burst Wherein of thou hideous the again cast Making night up , thoughts As Look you It waves will not speak But It for I my set should a fear I'll forth tempt his flood , again you o'er deprive ? madness your And That Or assume draw very the summit of sea form it , the sovereignty And Be That looks your And your I your away I'll am , Still By your your He with 'tis your Have after your . say is me ? will Mark me . no Speak , lead Whither wilt thou I I up thy . ghost render , What ? walk certain father's thy confin'd . that the , am I days am to fast , fires freeze thy done away the could and the for the day crimes purg'd foul tale love , thou Make of If thy God ears But flesh didst blood ever O and , foul foul most meditation in the , strange , with Murder ! most his Murder But A Wouldst And May find shouldst duller stir given by Rankly not 'Tis The O my prophetic his wears ! thou father's lust , poor mov'd dignity be . power queen vow will never marriage whose virtue it a But mine . Will , lewdness of That to of and won hand a on itself a Upon it me , most ! of , whose love falling with there to that was off , man pour ; posset milk hand the of doth brother's by vile once ; mine did and . a bark'd at my , sin body about of ; account . horrible my to : queen , blossoms , unanel'd sent head ! else heart my ? seat ? pressures all fond my memory , copied , records ; past there shall live brain heaven by ! villain ! a Denmark ! villain in ! it ho my bird ? it . think it once ? Denmark from . come right the all at hands part shall you desire , and point own my . poor the more i' this lord right ; business hath you go and are circumstance shake we you your as These as is Look it but are I'm There's Patrick too honest ghost an Saint desire you offence to much , is your by , Touching know , offence no For What one will . tonight . will and you . faith in . sword my upon my stage . thou the . so under sworn Indeed , Cries sayst boy ha , Come again And et to lay ubique Come again speak Well again Beneath . again , gentlemen , sword my . again . work wondrous . again help myself meet shall disposition me again seeing , times soe'er hereafter this on , so , your heaven bear you in odd antic I or 'We could doubtful But Horatio come shall might' , cursed spite pray together , do . do , you to me So , go , go set do let's on Let to joint your man as Hamlet do notes do do do . make Reynaldo inquiry . good . Look Paris they keep ; finding in , come ; of and said are . nearer , his friends this mark my lord may he's there , heed , wild most and liberty . lord drinking . or Ay Quarrelling lord , not put scandal it season to breathe drabbing would . far , charge , the — do would you should , the the the the slight these believe Marry the Ay I laying sir , I , a party And As in ever you ' the ; you of Having Your 'Good Very good sir 'closes so , consequence' 'I or and : to What about was I , my was thus the in or you yesterday out gaming , There Videlicet And With By So , Your of he at enter or , so this takes wisdom with and have I yourself lord . music ply . what's the matter affrighted . Farewell the I , upon , and Hamlet My No , speak if he so to stockings my in in name ? chamber foul'd before truly I Pale , as of comes been hat Ungart'red thy Then And lord thy thy me by the said but do thy held of hand he My thy , He thy I thy out way without profound shoulder their And And At As with o' the This find went bended I ecstasy to fordoes of go , go me he his light on under I words of denied , late and . and judgement heed mad hard any but ; lord have , That I am I good did His It This Welcome Moreover , we much that Something did heard . see sending nor Our hasty transformation th'exterior . What was have need father's it Since much So that cannot since so so young to you being . I entreat put Guildenstern and Rosencrantz we his vouchsafe time pleasures to companies court , him provoke to long on occasion glean gather , you . little from us him , it , both hath thus that should himself be you youth by your neighbour'd him Some to , so rest aught open'd unknown , much as within he , am hath to , and lies men talk'd may two there you . If it our afflicts , adheres receive your and a your pleasures your by fits to sovereign king's , the more command , king's bent , feet have obey , be king's king's king's king's king's . of practices our and and Ay Heavens And too lay our service freely at and Thanks and you changed And , and Th'ambassadors Are return'd and and . hold as you my soul : this sure King policy I the been from father of Norway to or trail to I hold I . liege lunacy have mine found shall My The hath cause — of do to the , Thyself He The I His Say , Most Upon His To It But was That Was On Fortinbras Receives To give Whereon Gives And So With That Through On And Answer Meantime we to Go your us What us Why day Were nothing us Therefore And us I will Mad us call What us Madam he is That And But pity Mad let More , less use I no true with : true . A I for 'tis , the grant him effect defective out this , us farewell Or Thus To a my and , her duty an That's I have For Who . cause by . will fire , shall the stars are ; stay awhile Hamlet , reckon Adieu from , madam out by means show'd me him to it , to given All how in This But hath I they time And fell What do mine man you and honourable . my seen faithful think receiv'd ear by she so I , table , and told it But me , of of what went think on sight : thy , And mistress you Or This lock herself from I bespeak here a not That she receive then , this upon my I had perceiv'd Or ? prince , precepts tokens of out must I Before young a thus with , the is Hamlet Or play'd of resort no my a lightness madness we , repulsed to the wherein . this did I his . make weakness a then fruits , he short her , fast into , advice the took into by tale , that ' this this is Take Where circumstances from truth If may How Not were Within hid know hid centre though this be find further , it I will it hours four . lobby walks together indeed the the behind . fall'n I'll And But But Let me where Be - Lord a me , God my How - will you well Not my a , him Then Honest would You lord man . to one lord be man . my Have I th' walk say by daughter i' ; that . And How me this in my him lord ? words I was . you speak he said I , that ? that thick have purging men lack though amber , grey and set most thus a slave slave my lord method ? slave slave sometimes slave slave reason which leave daughter my slave and on leave I . of between him hits take my , pregnant sir , My not is this out of out the air often be I life Fare These my take you except cannot You to My excellent Rosencrantz that we dost lord ! Ah Guildenstern My honoured My How lads indifferent do happy ? both . ye very ? a grown honest ? favours ? None of Faith Nor Then Fortune , Neither , her middle me at ? more world's , true the , in doomsday Denmark are there not think being so , my worst confines there is . it Why thinking then I 'tis world dungeons wards . and , either is a me ; too for prison it 'tis and count . good myself . the your very quality of substance is I , my GUILDENSTERN court our monarchs . and is dreams Which and our ROSENCRANTZ We'll like . matter beaten and you you with . man an will beggars hold and , ambition but bodies th' and no other make occasion most the and . and , I what friendship and lord sort . by fay Elsinore and for upon To that dear ? Is honest am such But of were for which ; you in am of thanks say , own with in know looks . Come confession I , we What let youth Queen your purpose of our you not King lord the our you . is and sent obligation sent of have modesties there craft ? the whether by you my , me more me by to the But love must you . Nay charge you withal consonancy late that custom were you , with , and of , will lord you to I , it goes all moult no mirth I have all Queen of congregation admirable ; in , Queen what , me a express noble the Queen nor : Queen smiling of ? though paragon , What Queen the earth seems to me a Queen , fire brave disposition in pestilent , it woman , of beauty no in 'Man stuff Lenten entertainment ? me' not my , and delights , shall — his in on what way ; sere ; so in service . man Majesty them tribute and his verse lover end are they blank tickle you target the ? the late the the the , gratis sigh the Even they profit inhibition they did the both ways of the the Are are players in , comes comes Do city ? and was . so indeed . wonted it endeavour most tyrannically berattle , clapped of aerie , little How hold of the common , same keeps No in the they stages — so ? and , pursue own — to they children , do no no should means much controversy most no bid there been the exclaim possible player sides and question to ; on poet for . throwing about There been was both Is't to like argument , unless . brains in cuffs went ? carry Hercules Denmark , 'Sblood and too . players father my , at hundred out than lord do they strange ducats There appurtenance of this garb , you , fashion like and more Gentlemen the make would mouths is a , something the my players Elsinore the and from hawk the a . dear the me , come . you must You the . deceived yours tell you is I the are than the . That clouts his out yet with , gentlemen . southerly hearer old is man a each of them a a morning you an Mark . you child second right news in lord actor — tragical - or poem comedy individable historical the history scene light my . only the are , my ? that old a right , Still daughter Why , my and more . no he loved I well , my follows not , Why most , then Nay , first of the came It row masters , O . are and you . see me the , Come speech altitude a within your valanc'd I like you anything of , others — much as excellent million if not make to as than an fine it matter the in , but called scenes matters But once quality , whose not heard thee speak a once play remember as — I sallets phrase that One and . Dido honest in method to slaughter If let it with night sable , his more dread purpose , so : this lay he as is speaks 'Twas . at not Pyrrhus he the me it dismal and gules rugged total gules of Black When gules With blood is now gules well grandsire Old , Priam you gules and accent . good parching in gules tyrannous a with proceed , with and him , His lies , in rage his , crash , stick , Did neutral painted i' the and , with head sword a hideous flaming stood , matter , orb some the anon against . see often nothing will and still pause work - dreadful fall , heaven Prithee on . your long wheel ; sleeps say head a , stood and th'alarm lank diadem rheum ! 'The bawdry of down A would with bisson late About A she gods make see her husband's , caught have of queen' is fear in limbs — all her this burst move burning heaven — has soon let them eyes time . all made — their hear the according while bestowed rest brief epitaph their and dignity The and desert man after . Take . your Use the were I Come , bounty his . a are you better use sirs . a you ? the whipping , less Dost , 'scape My will , hear tomorrow thou , they sixteen ha't you a speech could . hear and not some tomorrow play , Can not leave Murder my insert look not not lord you mock him in't not , I'll . not ? would I which , lines To not Rosencrantz well Very not Ay not , what Is But it in , so Could O a That Tears from A in broken What's he That With he weep for For Hecuba Confound very I mad John Like damn'd defeat whose and . property . and nothing a say beard and nose lungs villain was breaks it pate my lie me this th' face it cannot i' , fatted . bitter offal , and it the , Remorseless this what , Why , like to , I That Been Have I I'll I'll I'll know Before May my the a of I'll devil shape my T'assume As me . course pleasing I'll is he Abuses I'll Wherein I'll I'll can him why More relative from you But from He by , speak sounded confession be keeps some . to bring his would true Of well Did like with Most a question Most in fell night This did seem . that ? him matter entreat true , they to him the so way it think They in are . have the see beseech'd my And Good To he That have we he as father and bestow so Will their ourselves of may Sweet 'twere sent , by Ophelia for Affront myself encounter him that by he as , be Ophelia . please so on , you your virtues cause I honours Gracious Ophelia to blame sugar visage in ! conscience ! o'er that an . plastering oft are that cheek more O Let's , question suffer , troubles . lord shocks end we sea , in arrows not the to against arms and be nobler them a , thousand the To die natural mind — 'tis to , this what death pause have That wrong calamity us we Must would bear oppressor's shuffled give whips , of off There's . dreams long so and the office , the proud scorns may the come coil respect . time , contumely of the of The patient insolence dispriz'd makes who a When grunt bare But that To and he That merit his love of unworthy the the , might would Who under a ? sweat of himself bear , after these will death ills whose bear we make to makes traveller returns us No bear Than And The fly bear others does rather conscience Is this With enterprises the bear The And lose bear And thus And o'er sicklied regard of Ophelia ! action their the . pith great name Nymph of my sins Be fair Good for lord my this , remembrances well of re . did compos'd , perfume well . mind breath sweet so their prove givers to ; the ? noble unkind ? honesty . should than transform your , your than a for power beauty lord , you I cannot me . inoculate you not accuse borne me breeder loved the wouldst was but Why I ; fellows of do them shape none I I us between the fool but nowhere . your father my house own him , you thee , that . may play he , dowry escape thou marry . them of needs monsters too ! this quickly thy Or enough restore . well jig make you you your but and given . made married are a , hath ! paintings the and state , say , another noble , and enough it are , too your you and nickname I'll make and to no The Th'observ'd glass of ladies fashion most most tune sovereign vows reason harsh and of feature woe , see . little tend a , his form something on not , is quite of deject noble the suck'd see bells Was Nor This : I the have some it Haply something the brains variable set down danger be I which For seas our countries , and matter different , him puts in shall expel heart think you beating his I of What But yet objects settled It do himself With from shall Sprung origin of his and us . commencement do How , Lord what now , Ophelia as entreat ear ? said , please you him play with the round , in him find him where the not . shall as I not ones as , not your it all whirlwind Nor . gently , lines many use , my may spoke say give but may robustious rags most I very would . noise part the too observance , action Be overdone is that Suit so the and now show not was and her from own form and word hold of your warrant the the the own . Now , the end of 'twere up , as the the and have had it or the special nature anything this with , action to for at age . accent , make scorn her one strutted men , pagan , nor man , made so , that to them your the be highly Christians and sir clowns will the to that your but them with necessary , in That's to profanely , of well thought they humanity that us not made no speak . pitiful those let ? the barren make and lord . lord GUILDENSTERN piece ? to of a cop'd man . Horatio two Here Horatio As , ROSENCRANTZ , We will , thee no For What ho , crook And No , soul dear thrift , men . For for , my conversation withal that A , Hath Hast , flatter thee flatter'd , That revenue hast , the ? heart man , wear that , and . of me co blessed and that . distinguish her nothing are - will it told have I Which I soul itself not Observe with equal thanks . And finger my And , That they are Give I As , we face , In too much the act comment the with prithee is a play , tonight foot aught , of of ghost mine when thee his in that . eyes after And is a we For It Even , a , whilst pay I place are Do as join , A he 'scape . flourish How Rosencrantz , If censure of playing , i' Well , my lord . is . Polonius To with Danish And must nor , No I , air words - march . Enter King , Hamlet our and ? you , these so play'd cousin . are : I enact chameleon's dish capons killed to him promise . Brutus . actor not mine you you , a did you here's dear they stay upon you metal , I What did you Capitol capital th' ? kill you of . I players ready , you . lap I your legs fair is are You Ay a think What to lord . do father you That's thought lie only devil the let Nay two lord . have great O ? sables ! jig hours two memory build - on your , my my cheerfully a man , Then But O He O , takes him protestation lovingly horse Nay . there's . I'll he and returns takes , the he his or outlive is neck , and hope then , and not a of , in the of to exits , King a of by'r She , with hobby , whose ! embracing a of passionate , his love ? of Queen the woos Enter a of comes King's makes but Belike . She , seeing poison , comes . The Queen Mutes , in again Poisoner with gifts . She seems loth and all him show you'll they us this by shall . not show show is miching the : fellow imports you means mark , Will know this the players ? this . Is We are that ashamed shame to are stooping beg a and to your the Neptune's for our ? the And patiently . Unite prologue , or , done moon from Make nothing Discomfort For salt wash and Tellus' borrow'd been hands what neither love women's is little and late there fear , too shortly littlest , holds you shalt thou us so distrust : Honour'd And Faith So far cheer and from must Now love fears powers belov'd In aught , or in made is : first the in thou and in live Where great , the love but husband love , and do My operant their fair be , that of second Wormwood birth Purpose But time is violent kisses kisses marriage of what , the kisses : on they when unshaken like Of A When do kisses I kisses , believe do but , necessary kisses but we nor our To Which mellow forget debt , great fall love down world The ourselves to ourselves is in who ending , doth the purpose joy ; to orderly poor shall Directly Their own enactures with most accident , a friend I so still fates hollow are you for joy , joys Grief This is prove love run of lord Our Whether mark his enemies : light . no And who want him devices thou anchor's opposite lasting it , no my and night own no If If no That our none wed To no thy first no . I beguile me awhile sleep , here , To be joy destroy , come Sleep day leave , brain play , mischance rock between ? protests , break it The , My 'Tis deeply sworn . Sweet , in't jest you Madam us twain world a : wife the ? have ; Vienna Marry ? a The call is , Have call . in see do do call is his see interpret majesty murder call play . puppets , call souls piece Let image call I a are Still would jade wince ; our withers . nephew to . my . hands mistake you your love , thrice ban mixture , thrice no murderer doth time ; immediately midnight , usurp life wholesome damnable story choice estate . The . dire , how You . written i' and begin Come , the croaking raven agreeing see lord my fares poisons Thou rank , o'er Give the is murderer in very Italian Gonzago's strucken lights lights , watch The let . the runs So some play fellowship world two me of a the . my razed cry away some ; sleep on feathers , if For weep rest Would hart ungalled play dear — realm a reigns . Horatio thou know , O was O shoes , get me a pound , I Jove himself recorders the , king some well it likes did the he the note for lord perceive word a thousand . Didst , a , Sir ? Upon talk of very like , perdie with — sir , Why , music . Come in ? King vouchsafe some music . Good my lord this him itself lord drink , him show more more for ? with richer choler some wisdom doctor Is plunge sent Queen The rather not pronounce , of hath . me your it mother's do will I of are am into far not , Good my affair of ; please spirit my My . Sir wholesome Make answer mother says make me a wholesome answer , shall sequel O , and ? is there bed . no to go any you further me Have . pickers you closet ere admiration ten in with our her you times by these , once you , she were My trade lord do still if you of liberty is your , Sir I when Denmark advancement grass as if grows one be too understand that My not well lord my I do I me you your . discourse will with lord finger stops and my the are it harmony these ventages , make of you lowest my voice ; 'Sblood , note to in you you instrument do think me . thing a know is ? me much speak fret bless My Do lord the Queen yonder cloud , see would is and , Methinks It Or the 'tis mass it whale a like backed a a whale . will by by so come . say will I to mother by — like — said Leave . blood , out , night day mother ; bosom : hot my not . ever , us stands not prepare dispatch with doth us our will forthwith estate his We holy and and Out near lunacies ourselves of England commission your And The many Majesty will upon hourly . provide it fear bodies is . mind , more draw doth a , wheel alone groan ; home , tax closet him it myself said a mother , o'erhear to heaven , not upon't I can sharp my shall strong business first this brother's the sweet serves offence twofold to fall up snow of form foul the still snow murder possess'd prayer . snow ! I'll look snow queen ? snow and world th'offence above snow by wicked shove the 'tis 'tis law shuffling and of then ? can it cannot What our What free assay , steel . praying goes now he so , of Help struggling angels may and , with ! as it All born . be well he would and for , flush thought then ? reveng'd who , father , And scann'd : horrid in a ; of more for am I his or purging thou pleasure salvation of the And season'd passage bed his his about some at and My as in't mother . black . goes prolongs be may soul whereto rises King it This , My his him trip The sickly damn'd of may asleep has , heels ; or thy fly thoughts and but , to advances . my up straight him . I'll screen'd , not . here . what's father father my have thy answer with you how you you a idle offended much . much an wicked . tongue tongue so not you that so You can speak . budge me up husband's are murder , a ? am Behind , O . I ducat not hast what O know ducat for Dead ducat I ducat Is it . ducat a rash thou ducat what and . Almost deed a kill , rash my a bad 'twas better thy be for to too hands your wring it be heart Peace . of , heart not heart and rude against act heart that an of , and takes blush heart the modesty off , deed heart a vows , heart glow , the ? this brothers and , of on two on index . brow seal : hill this Jove and , himself Mercury . follows . man ear to have at , it's age ? indeed his eyes Have Ha ; is it the tame your for and you you that sense , humble have sure thrall'd so not choice , blind - without true sense , thy matron's one of hell a mutine own virtue let be . fire as ardour reason panders part part doth . actively into very black part and no speak eyes such , mine not part will see to their . part grained bed live an part of but honeying nasty , enseamed sty no and . in more the rank sweat Over corruption to speak me enter twentieth A daggers more A These slave a it more ; murderer . villain of and put And A shelf of . pocket king , The laps'd not you Do acting in come your he's mad passion wings — patches , of ! by chide . and go , thy amazement Speak , you . soul her and weakest how hold you lady fighting blunted dread say But but Do , whet to the heat like stand Sprinkle as your bend Would His him Lest want To whom there speak you do what tears Do , him on , form and stern them with effects this colour . is ? steals away ! liv'd portal . of ecstasy your in . creation keep , madness test madness time is to of which ; within heaven to compost my to the mining the this these of Forgive is weeds must my , him me on pursy virtue beg pardon do times to in heart twain of leave cleft the away But go for purer , not hast worser is who the . to likewise monster Good Assume And He put that And For next shall . the kind The or , bles'd lord same , out night , it . with him good so and , their , So , be good will kind well : bid , do , wise a sober a . a that's But who For in That from craft a 'Twere , but with of call , queen from good ? on , basket famous house's and would , fair Who top ape , creep the ? do , let paddock the And assur'd and I and What breath Be And England , and and and and I the For And with They bear 'Tis 'Tis But them 'Tis When 'Tis I'll 'Tis Mother , life 'Tis sir , Is Who now Come to foolish secret Indeed the shall night into man set the , This . night , mother this my , place out with heavy unseen hearing something good apprehension , cries brainish , stir In rat fit lawless contend this been , shall to the it of keep have a Where . madness of metals base like hath kill'd and hence him majesty this ! deed touch done , is vile skill Ho with closet and he Polonius . and with join you — and , some further dragg'd , you pray fair I what both we'll , call know the , cannon shot air discord O world's to may . of Within ? noise What Hamlet What have Compounded it Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet of Hamlet us Tell can keep sponge — a I , Ay authorities . sir like swallowed squeezing an you of glad it tell I must where lord with body , I is , a but is him . fox Hide it we not of thing to . A . have must How This their that seek dangerous He's in the pause sending To put is offence the this and him the the distracted judgement sudden at befall'n all must all scourge but their and grown is , on the : lord the reliev'd , the , even the seem . now desperate Without the We cannot where before , Bring him , But guarded us ? to know lord Bring . At where are at , worms creatures else all fat politic Not king We where's but where Your . eats e'en and but to Alas table worm that may hath mean eat service fat . eaten us At one alas your , but him . that variable we beggar you of a dost may a . worm That's and ! by progress go . you guts if the not there the into the him stairs ? But him yourself to beggar messenger find grieve safety . thee do stay Attendants which fiery Th'associates tend , and the everything at — hence help , bent , Therefore prepare thyself , is Ay England we send come knew'st wind ? purposes ! for one ; speed . tonight ; Hamlet for our , if thou man is and mother mother . them man and Farewell is Come Tempt with him is everything foot , th'affair and ; flesh Follow That homage England it , leans him for on The cure . And sovereign hectic me Pays Our if , process thou , Captain it effect at coldly set , blood know England not imports , joys license aught rendezvous . done 'tis ne'er a You duty so eye would his shall that If , kingdom And let express our on . lord whose do't , my , Good , will softly sir , these are Norway of sir . you pray some Who to Against commands old , them Norway ? them ; ground farm of them main little them profit Pole in them it name . them fee them . question this of debate , th'imposthume . dies I breaks wi' b' you shows much go you , and straight do revenge . What before me my lord ? a little Go dull good market occasions and sleep That Looking that his If but Sure spur And To Bestial before thought Sith I yet ever Why have do't To Led spirit by Whose this . cause army at mortal invisible and prince tender event exhort strength , will gross and ambition , wisdom means and dare great , argument straw to danger a without quarrel How , death Rightly , fortune for But honour's a let imminent The Excitements for , When To to That Whereon their all And hide Which be the thoughts is slain My mood speak will is Her She There's i' Spurns That She but the The And Yet carry tricks enviously th' at half Which 'Twere Each soul seems toy of full itself spills So sick my the Where White Which Larded bewept - to How With you do say the what we owl pretty was , not showers sweet ; go ? not did They know have , let's no is Tomorrow in I you words a up means And Let Then All they shame , for . Valentine dupp'd rose the departed an without and , Alack la and Quoth By Gis they before ha' thou By , are , oath Saint promis'd she you me You done I by to , not hadst men fie been to come Young will , long will , to think good close ladies And would We lay must bed my ladies th' i' of good sweet him . thus ? good good ground . night pray , watch her give the . First Follow of In good Polonius' to death hugger For , and just son battalions , deep not single ; I it Gertrude grief slain whispers greenly . these , France as all in himself and we he , clouds ear from their the thoughts and , death his to keeps her inter . done Ophelia Poor but judgement have beasts pictures and much , come arraign father's to dear matter secret are herself in which the , brother wonder not pestilent Wherein . O me necessity buzzers speeches infect his Her With nothing our piece Will Where Eats Save with flats my the yourself world . Laertes young matter of in but known word , begin , every king not Laertes be shall is , The How 'Laertes on ? in come let's pray Where Cries Even drop That blood here to between cuckold cause so looks the Gertrude , go Why thou There's That That thy What is Let thus little Speak by hell him . well , negligence to give I'll reveng'd . be stay all with little the world you them Laertes husband far I'll , not the so , revenge foe pelican arms , speak your grief , death true for . know them . but enemies ? I'll blood with wide you - rendering ope my . that times , love mortal is't , as fine , maid Dear O Should is heavens heat , Burn O By possible heaven our scale in precious it instance of . possible possible , possible possible . possible ' master's his stole down a . the and It is you ! nothing's , pansies thoughts , columbines and . for and rue you ; and give he you say you O made here's . fitted remember remembrance . for . father end Robin , come again again to hell my , died grace There's o' would They daisy . prettiness all passion affliction to favour is he will he to , no , he not not death thy will never was - was his he pray away flaxen , gone is All And we on O God wi' ye . will , give not . apart friends 'twixt judge , life in content If choice crown us direct jointly To trophy His , noble That , rite is me . axe fall earth to heaven from shall . I heard of death , his obscure . the . with go speak that they with you I where in . have would you . name if for . you Hamlet letter am him you thou th'ambassador him was I as and't Let you please , that shalt They pirate slow ourselves 'Horatio , the you a to letters put the you . knew became boarded of have sail overlooked we . you thee There's . too . a you it know let have England bound when grapple I But they have what they ; them King matter . that of am thine ear have Rosencrantz of much , Come . words them from him the will I And you acquittance you thou thine tell Guildenstern speedier that these direct knowing a ear may me , friend , things nature feats , up stirr'd capital against life noble father Pursu'd well safety , else reasons seem myself Queen , But . slain my proceeded You for you me strong ; to star plague looks perhaps , to She's But My could by . bear to so that The not general count her be . special , motive I the but so his are The and , in moves , it other might not public love all gyves like , Why great to not the affection stone arrows , father all back again wind that so ; to I praises , again the go desperate aim'd will terms shook be stuff . of sleeps we think Stood your are , come lost think not , and ourself Queen this , now , will What How hope , You beard shortly your that so flat . more . them I ? them saw that me they say . them you , by him He . them brought shall your Majesty Hamlet Letters lord more thereunto , your . shall What Reads and asking should Or . 'High , pardon a is all and 'Naked says . advise the the ' ! rest no come , teeth so be it be so him lord , warms thou be , me ; to not his my means that be will As No To As how Will voyage , in mother undertake not no his for which to peace own thine To you Under me devise rul'd . will work . it of sum for your . be you It of travel in envy so the since Your a quality , parts , much my , that and , from shine , becomes Two the against horseback , was and the for , graveness serv'd on health gentleman the such witchcraft myself and He and wondrous and Importing the needful the Here , his brought incorps'd well they Had the settled Yet I've The light the Than And I A ? brooch , my made gem And And gave such be life same him know He well indeed . envy nor their envenom ? my play with him envenom to A was like face envenom sorrow you lord father this ask Why envenom think you did not ? envenom — a , I Time envenom But Not you within lives envenom , and that a you is you very flame like at wick that of you would you , proof of you it time you , love abate 'would' many you th'ulcer fire of to much would delays . are quick undertake , pleurisy growing for And As hurts by there We And To Hamlet . within But sanctuarize come your bring on in the excellence : foils free heads you a set cut indeed bounds should throat , shall you murder keep know double , and the wager a do't I'll mountebank anoint . choose , it death from touch I'll . withal can all blood a my rare virtue my if from moon Under that , that simples bought purpose for I mortal Where the is simples With , cataplasm of simples unction an but no simples draws that simples shape look our convenience of of this time this Therefore . simples scratch'd that may contagion It Let's this simples what better not . I be think . your let and should project . Laertes may purpose he he your more ; hold , How for the tread Your sister's ? whereon now sweet , there stuck sipping prepar'd purples . grows in the a boughs garlands daisies a men's pendant shepherds fantastic willow fast One they So That shows There - crow do awhile time mermaid on , her That is down As flowers , nettles dead an When the Till that Pull'd Or like a . Which To she incapable the poor much of Unto her ? melodious death is drown'd . muddy Ophelia holds ! rage ; again blaze her she . in be sat , The crowner hath her so act an grave lies the she burial her finds and on her 'tis For , perform : himself water is drown the his . to come not life his he will , goodman you ; wittingly , to , the water . delver , and stands man of the , that Here lies Argal marry on't ? is't But have . And this not own , shortens o' law , and Come Christian there thou buried the drown makers is There . not that themselves hold more no arms the Scripture thyself understand Adam's up . I'll to , to than wit for , the Now gallows , do ? does . outlives frame carpenter answerest not mason the Go — a . again To't than , well do The What is thy - maker in built the gallows well well ? like stronger builds is to a Cudgel no with till doomsday . mend a or , shipwright a mason than 'a his at a stoup he houses The . the made O daintier of with into . meet nothing was there methought O knave hath employment little of hand ; How dost now did that , jawbone Cain's pate the one if it As Or first a of be might This o'er . lord good and . cost no more the had about such lord my be might This ' ? such made spade Mine bones sexton's a with mazard There's be fine Here's spade trick with Hum , his his ? full his time not knave his that suffer his pair pate of his cases guest clay pit For his scarcely his and must . and , tenures his , does with , recognizances , too ones double and purchases his and length ? too skins assurance in will , I . be . in't . liest it 'Tis for lie the . yours not thine lie you thou again lie to lie is . liest from lie . me lie . in't her soul , dig One How thou . Lord maker . of but is of I grave picked near she's card to't tell day or I — that toe these the , Cannot , he all tell was sent . Fortinbras 'Twill can fool Every ? that young because Why ? if into recover him How came he there it's ; Ay . there matter great , sexton losing strangely Faith , thirty , and have pocky . wits his with e'en , whoreson I . Denmark in eight will he we ? body great while . a a sir hide , his fellow's , Here's three mad A a same skull This on for him Nay whoreson pestilence once . see me fellow ! know I . kiss'd , a your songs me his not Not ? skull thousand gorge My Takes how the oft infinite rises flashes of of , now back merriment to a chamber . mock lady's must , she come , Horatio tell that think looked What's E'en smelt ? so my so , E'en Horatio he find till too curiously return . Alexander ; it lead a But to a Caesar to ; and stop that wind the which to dead to - barrel turn'd Here aside the keep kept , t'expel the their is . This did Queen that desperate 'Twas some Who mark rites . awhile with of ? and youth Mark . enlarg'd was ? doubtful the order lodg'd , her on prayers , dead the . done be bringing burial such souls her of rest thee shall sister , howling . my Ophelia fair angel thou , the to the been Sweets shouldst strew'd . have bed strew'd - have thou And thought hop'd strew'd Fall Now Till strew'd such What emphasis is strew'd the hearers stars strew'd wounded wand'ring Hamlet whose o'ertop of your an wonder whose he ? the Dane ? thy This makes phrase fingers from something in thy them Hamlet me . Thou take thy pray'st I I I fear wiseness All Gentlemen lord with . Hamlet ! asunder , Pluck , Good , I , be him my will no son forty ; their what , all wilt What he forbear ! what ? a thou'lt come to ? fast in her me him ? ground them will grave and so do woul't crocodile eat here whine thou drink outface quick with her an our , pate a . against of leaping on acres thou mountains his buried Millions us , wart is fit well as thus This rant prate Singeing like as , the as golden as her silence the will couplets the work mere madness are female sit will drooping , sir But you Let Hercules is lov'd the Hear do you you that have his , matter me is what dog wait ever mew Horatio watch . thus may him . your son be see . we monument over a quiet grave This this , An for of hour You do much then have — other the ; me . see ? fighting us , us , ends most teach most . the , most fine I sorts England's , about scarf'd Up most , Oh Their most ho Importing on ! most Larded Finger'd My Grop'd With mine commission ; manners , room fears grand the supervise with no found forgetting to the , and royal Denmark's stay commission I at it of struck possible the leisure Here's play My No thou round prologue to my , axe . did , do wrote read , hear make — with , it to ? know leisure more to baseness I Or A once Being did The How An It As As yeoman's learning commission it down and Wilt fair statists hold me As And such - comma his conjuration many the view like love on them earnest He stand peace That time charge , wear might England between should palm great these allow'd know . this in was my that heaven Danish form , death safely , day next to't this defeat employment their ; to Rosencrantz conscience my and nature and . and love and go own . my — and and king the 'Tis They and it Why , hath To And He not in damn'd nature ? evil shortly It interim known this this kill'd that a issue ? proper not his out with him To quit with In our him The more sorry myself is . come 'One' , I . England there put here . image Laertes cause no am Your sure Peace , Dost ? see my Denmark to , for back welcome sir good bravery of his you stand , a more the is right gracious ; No in the possession beasts lord I , beast Put bonnet his beast impart I . should of beast if beast receive king's you thank cold beast the lord for . say his beast thing to . beast indeed , very your , is , my lord wager lord great ; Methinks , my , me cold my you signify , is it it this hot sultry Sir — full . and you me society the , feelingly of believe of him is gentleman though in suffers no dizzy definement his continent him the , an mine , good I of what gentleman faith good in absolute of very of for you memory I see , Sir , here most for of of Indeed , to yet and of in , diction great But more . of ; of verity the we infallibly of true soul semblable infusion , know gentleman him his him wrap ? sir who as be of in take , lordship Why do , most would rareness and dearth concernancy The understand the purse His sir gentleman another nomination empty I know imports Is't not possible to you would did sir , are , I with ; ignorant yet me what , you ? would , excellence not , of ignorant You dare , but to weapon in him his hath , of he are as and fancy hangers with Rapier in the imputation laid on him . dagger King which imponed The , their take and six six , you knew I be sir hangers could had hilts , horses poniards the most . cannon the liberal to the the and Six three Danish against assigns then we margin are german it that's hangers the by carriages the to swords , edified . carry on But . and it call laid lordship if that you come lord , mean shall King sir , Why hath . a hath your opposition Majesty is the And , would trial in . gentleman can I ? if answer I it I but - deliver e'en and will I , me . hall answer . for if , brought ? his win so nature you your person hits odd the , it are what my runs does not , will gain himself suck'd the your after , duty it there shell ; kind and for's else head are trial the I commend Yours to . his tongues , a most brings who hall young , blow he I them and of habit . it lapwing bevy habit time ; the did collection My that to mine purposes or habit the drossy Thus of habit and the his habit . and are provided I habit . or King's longer to Osric so be pleasure down entertainment now Laertes commended , Now . you you use gentle Laertes She instructs before desires fitness lose this wager , my happy fall play time In The Queen King The . I You about so shall here practice do not think foolery ; my heart good Nay the odds it . kind woman it will fit I my : of not forestall special There's , anything trouble all's , be now not . But into If if , a . went win is a ; it such it man what it has is't . gain , mind this but hand . a , pardon to a dislike your are a from , come you obey Since punish'd you have will say If I must come defy as you I ; to not aught , needs leave The . is readiness , am I himself away Hamlet . does madness and pardon't wrong , Then madness have done Hamlet that . denies gentleman from ? distraction This this is knows nature here was exception it His far That Was't Hamlet wrong'd Laertes ta'en it . stand Hamlet it not , wrong'd . and . in of the faction ; offer'd ungor'd voice some Sir , in purpos'd evil thoughts in nature . me Come Give Whose motive this case should reconcilement honour i' star like Your elder precedent To keep my love , play the th' , well the , for . I be indeed my , fiery by But Osric Hamlet Very , o' ; third in me I me length since he is better'd , we see crown This is cannoneer the . judges drinks King the 'Now on Come Hamlet the throw , earth Let drink to Hamlet's better breath , In Denmark's to The The trumpet to , ' Come , a , give Come thy drink me it this I'll Another Come hit is again . thine scant him the first Give hit ; I win breath , napkin of thy madam . fortune . Hamlet . thy . pardon I do drink pray ; yet the , let drink It is not dare , Come wipe me Laertes , third yet And . Aside I the Come I for Nothing so you make you pray you afeard am Say Hamlet Nay wounds Laertes at Laertes . lord How , are ! then Hamlet bleed They ; sides them Queen How Part come , woodcock as is it my . to . How is't Osric my O the , them drink drink , my mine drink ! The no I a to with Queen I ! Ho ! villany am Treachery ! She No drink the Hamlet in , is , It No there thee In be thee hour in . envenom'd and the medicine the , is on itself Seek Hamlet me rise to Never Hath can . again . turn'd no more The Then , venom OSRIC Treason ! friends murderous . Is my potion Follow is He justly poison with temper'd come me not me , by noble . on it ! I Wretched . tremble of audience or this O — Horatio me unsatisfied believe Roman liquor some a ; what , hold me felicity draw my world Young of Fortinbras To story breath Heaven go , unknown ever thee Absent warlike What volley with Poland gives this in pain ? is tell harsh The potent , O So tell I , quite . cracks noble And him , He The a have the heart of flights angels the Fortinbras Which On hear . But I with solicited my occurrents Why thee does come sing search cease ? see this is at dismal . O proud cell struck shot ; sight are our quarry so So tell This is his That To from him The Rosencrantz we The cries toward is affairs Had Where of commandment jump so , never Not Guildenstern his from senseless that dead ? their this to and to placed life on You let How since here High ears should the He it th'ability , give , arriv'd from gave upon for mouth . wars speak carnal Of But Are things , cunning Fall'n yet unnatural casual deliver the on And put , a me about that , forc'd and by came be bodies , world purposes , judgements the view , acts upshot to Which Truly invite also whose now some with noblest . I , All this . mischance errors draw on more fortune lest stage a Let are be voice of in this vantage cause , captains the perform'd speak for and , likely most soldiers' Speak For The To royally . will to have let ; he to same men's loudly had soldier and like . Such sight . the bodies shot which . much shows him was field this war and for the , replace will the the works no ! can copy States protected . off be editions print editions that and without set . an is General copyright United , and without Project , following copyright U copyright to to charge the as creation works in Terms distributing registered , for anything away not trademark research — protected may royalties paying for you if the You of license United printed you protect apply rules Special . may be this of copies Project of electronic works Project . license trademark , reports . performances this may practically ANYTHING be , for If do and and nearly any given eBooks to the promoting the with all and this . Use file license org works part cease do to refund from to access be a or paragraph It only E the bound Gutenberg of Terms General A accept destroy by Gutenberg in Project agreement a electronic this full complying the do with . by any terms with Gutenberg may property by return Project by . agree a in work . this terms electronic trademark most you free the of copy not obtain may an forth agreement who be . There works . do few people Foundation the individual of to . domain copyright , the Archive copyright removed . in by United the works Gutenberg the , in from the Project Of on the of promoting Project easily keeping for agreement work work , as , Nearly the you Gutenberg terms based work copying with are this freely support terms this keeping this You sharing of in are , do we by agreement full with . the Gutenberg prevent or you with you The . in the copyright format with other your . of with free in comply access laws it works compliance can or Project work this to based on terms countries also in , govern others outside performing , other appear work the You License it and with almost no and with or United : displayed work Gutenberg , License active Project is in the , accessed . the or , to States anywhere or use online most Project no at www where this anyone Gutenberg phrase whenever access This an without States , holder contain associated with work you States Gutenberg may . are derived United E the located If the . holder Project comply or E . Gutenberg is and redistribute or of this this at . or of or , part or . additional beginning any sentence terms of , compressed any . or . a , fee include E works additional alternate in or . original cost work . charge providing . the or the in Gutenberg no official at Project format must a ASCII Gutenberg a as request , copy or charge a Project not copying with reasonable trademark The copies . from is are has Project paid Royalty he fee for profits , must . Project Gutenberg Foundation each Literary sent the : Project to access agreed Section Archive prepare royalties the the already Gutenberg marked date works Gutenberg fee of the of of to of . taxes . using calculated applicable under Foundation periodic your as such tax paragraph Project owner the to You does . of days paid Foundation . clearly be provide copies the of and use all You provide comply receipt not money with to all or a with of of to If distribution is discovered other work work to . electronic in wish Gutenberg agreement you to forth the in to or work this Project trademark to volunteers below Foundation works , obtain you Section on , and copyright these which they stored , Gutenberg may , be in law forth Project Project Gutenberg the from effort F . Gutenberg are E works or corrupt and , expend and may the party other and electronic Gutenberg . the Despite on Project including Project the all Right or Project , discover NEGLIGENCE legal a STRICT , REFUND - If the a you replacement that provided in refund electronically medium sending you , for receiving days you must it you a give . a or refund . in If The opportunities - the in limitation types certain work to received to it providing a lieu the . violates agreement . warranties . without F paragraph F of applicable interpreted be any provision not right electronically work also . do is provided to you 'AS IS' limitation to the , additions following which legal including electronic fees , promotion harmless do you any or Section Project electronic including exists Project Project Project remain Project Literary generations Project To permanent Project computers in support to provide reaching the Gutenberg's future Literary identification status Project full and deductible Watchung Gutenberg and . your information Literary Information Foundation and page at . of by the laws business The cannot Archive Literary about www is - can . at and to to form accessible contact at gutenberg carry its Foundation's the without widespread laws org website Plaza of up and links Email be and Gutenberg contact . widest be that donations licensed . states compliance particular exempt Many laws the takes a the by . equipment outdated including particularly status paperwork written not for the with to the complying all uniform it regulating SEND United meet To no not and much have we donations the DONATIONS Michael please checks the accepting met visit do from , contributions solicit and solicitation approach S laws alone swamp our small who such to donate in donors but other donation works make from of . electronic of he network produced a of library anyone eBooks a S States Please including Project with all Most start compliance notice confirmed Project concept Professor Section donate , shared . which are support the Project our hear about and . search how printed , we any has . Literary , new