! Barnardo live answer , Who's Nay upon Stand hour . Stand Francisco bed your bitter 'Tis Stand Long Stand come Stand Stand a you mouse Horatio , watch my If you Have I Well , meet them hear to liegemen , Stand bid . haste to you night , you . you there Horatio Holla place my has piece Welcome , again . good . along . night us apparition and not tush And With That fortified two Well And , awhile , your our down all , speak this the , Marcellus t'illume that's westward of night and one — myself again it where King Horatio Horatio . Question Together In the thou art . it , it with fear King the Mark , form usurp'st that which march Did Stay ! gone , 'Tis How ! something will ! speak not it is ! offended thee stalks , and on't more ! might and think the God my Of ! he Such was he the sledded smote He 'Tis stalk he I know not scope to thought gross and the bodes strange to my opinion , observant . hour an parle ice Polacks work eruption This Good in what before this watch dead ; that ; haste day : he land . week , this sore task knows watch , most implements Sunday be is't the as the you know , even whisper goes known a pride compact seal'd of our who by world his , esteem'd conqueror the to , moiety all , King last , those him to . so now but by his King of Fortinbras had ; our the with stood so Thereto to slay For Dar'd combat ; which competent which same sir hot , resolutes here and full no some appear and , there , doth and skirts of list up Shark'd by Of may it be but the chief , I lands . so head in and our lost father his source Well main other , these mind's like e'en King figure : streets the in sun whose in with graves and trains the influence like harbingers doomsday comes , or Speak any to ! though behold climatures and it Unto the still of precurse our sound to good do , it , walk oft uphoarded in womb of earth life fate . thing speak to If If there be happily O you in hast to speak For speak Shall Do it it partisan . speak speak speak if , I at here will ! mockery , and of the trumpet have throat . of erring And and object . confine his with god lofty and shrill - at his air truth probation , dare power is gracious and so , and , heard I So No So fairy nights And , they bird The Wherein our on that ever crowing that is all singeth nor yon , to us Let Do we our Break , find Voltemand , him , shall our and , Laertes of Cornelius , in be our hearts be us of and our with on think him nature woe , brow fought that grief dear it Attendant . gone barr'd . thanks , young and He be weak along , by disjoint , we marriage , delight . this Holding state Colleagued hath by his not the and for time of , writ : meeting us those with with brother , Importing most valiant father business the ourself uncle this Norway : Norway , power we : and gait His The herein his good with these let and , haste articles , King more you old further and proportions in rid purpose that - full Cornelius no the to you this of ; and , all nothing , what's . some Laertes of us of reason wouldst suit What , not to thou with news : heartily your . duty show duty you . to not more throne more offer native to France and pardon slow ; to I lord my leave and must confess and now whence my wishes again leave , laboursome will do A little , clouds on and my But Aside , my is . more than the lord cast , thy a kin common through nature all father with noble look too still . die , the thy friend nighted dust lives . with If it Ay , Passing it ; eye , mother the the haviour the customary alone windy nor Nor madam 'Tis with all But are can Together That and you it Take reason should the A to Is From fault A a will , simple unfortified of father unprevailing the first To must . most absurd , till corse ' and most the And You fathers so be of Here And Do Than As This 'This In is beseech you her prayers obey you , Wittenberg Hamlet our : intent his Wittenberg in For . desire comfort bend retrograde , mother best ; us lose cousin my loving Denmark and to This as Why stay not go to . come reply ; God O unprofitable garden nature this mother to , much come this my was to should it satyr roughly she ? on increase followed or my poor Why of even month — woman is and winds Heaven those , within name body , discourse more Within of flushing I Ere Like Niobe O have , which , that longer mourn'd God My Than father's Would But break is , the Hercules most speed galled eyes to sheets , unrighteous well . ever ; friend servant lord you , My that same , my The , or And And Sir — Good good name Marcellus from , I'll what make good . Wittenberg ? am A I Against teach , mock see meats upon in Horatio father see ? foe mother's your me my follow'd it , to see The Horatio forth my met furnish coldly Did lord see Would Or see was man his my , I day that see bak'd eye dearest eye ; I ? eye look a saw In he once him eye was saw ? eye take I My eye upon I eye He an Upon Goes had of the . gentlemen , these hear these you to For their to with as they had made word , thing the I of good and father not ; like . deliver'd me distill'd eyes surprised - fear oppress'd deliver'd Form deliver'd My It deliver'd lifted motion it : deliver'd , speak deliver'd address loud haste crew and none did to watch tonight watch but you know this of writ honour'd it my think , you , MARCELLUS Hold , Arm'd , Both , We A would And , fix'd like . you much like very . Stay'd amaz'd it long tell ? again walk watch sable 'twill warrant you I it And I'll Let If bid I A it hell person should all , still tonight twelve sight pray gape , hap . you ; well farewell eyes . as is , And Do of ? from do embark'd to , them o'erwhelm my , still are , the hear a of sweet in blood a of minute his . the doubt favour , alone temple , grow must not will but you , to his birth , depends choice ; do of health ; subject on for must voice is And he The And wide and For nature service . inward withal no may greatness Whereof for himself and his so yielding be circumscrib'd unvalu'd his is sanctity May of Out And Fear Or Then your you If The chariest Ophelia To the she keep , lose heart , in If The his shot maid is prodigal of your my of the infants the their her beauty to enough . moon strokes not safety , steep the Whilst And the Show Do of ungracious some as me . recks stay . I . Yet here too . There for . you . precepts few . thought thy blessing . double a a unproportion'd any familiar thou them soul palm hoops act no tongue , thee judgement : reserve few entertainment steel vulgar . of with voice Beware : be and lender chief rank the , a loses dulls to thine false season my in this . well tend . blessing , the night . friend ; remember and hath Farewell in my , 'Tis Ophelia , something well me hath you Given audience , you . he he Marry he he What As it between you he my me like speak he Unsifted Pooh in You such his late of my understand Of a you call , his affection up honour . lord you ta'en to thus — are , he Running Or That not Lends the the take scanter for entreatments of light their more blood promise as , the ; go , of . blazes extinct in , a From this is it than : in You a him to , may And Than Believe Do Than a command I would The not better in , shall with moment time forth Hamlet leisure . very lacks What hour it a nipping twelve . air struck draws the . near now eager . wont , swaggering mean thus takes ? Rhenish reels , here native is it am I upspring down , his bray phrase . men pales cannot mole wherein of and , choose manners I plausive say Nature's , Oft their Or The By by the o'ergrowth down breaking of Carrying His his it us or health blasts , thee , shape but sepulchre jaws dead up his Wherein corse ! again thus Revisit'st That Making night cast Let , will father me Have thy cerements , horridly , Say It what we should our reaches ? of to , glimpses of the our disposition shake beyond Wherefore is thoughts to alone Look It But do not To waves to it removed action . it follow cliff sea the horrible of reason . my brain desperation other Think thee It Go My makes ; not out , go off Hold You shall you hands Be And As Still By I , I ! ghost I'll with 'tis Let's To ; He follow after say call'd desperate to thus imagination . I'll will rotten Something , I follow further tormenting flames shalt bound I revenge , spirit What to when hear , I what am . hear to to thou art Doom'd And Are To secrets of freeze thy on young , unfold from stand part not list father List unfold unfold unnatural dear . start stars unfold eternal blood this quills particular , murder unfold unfold . porpentine be ! love ever Murder But Haste to Revenge and most . fat Hamlet the than on , Lethe ; wharf . this in with wings thou know the sleeping thee . weed my , revenge of thee sweep duller That not stir itself shouldst ; me did wears O incestuous wit , Mine that , of his serpent Now but ; my that me it From With witchcraft soul ! lust queen of off even ; and were angel celestial a as gifts never of shape it will heaven radiant , marriage whose virtue it to garbage a in poor be , pour the did posset mine ; my , crust with it eager blood most And with lazar , All I my sleeping off crown in , with the even was of with reckoning in thee with let thy act of , royal pursu'st nor ; that with well , be incest to bosom fire , me ! heaven 'gins A worm to adieu Adieu And To Against you couple me . Remember , seat ? memory my table the trivial fond a ? old my instant ! Remember earth ! fie to . What ; else ? heart Hold not O my poor , books youth volume villain down be set , smile tables , villain and . may least At That one am me a in so and I , are it . Meet it , smile O baser the And O My It Within . villain I , is So I and . Heaven . My HORATIO Within Within it . him So Good What , ho How , my tell it lord man be then But say my , you , arrant an , Nor my lord , reveal No Ay you'll it . Not , To ; you right this heart I , my in MARCELLUS ? dwelling a by HORATIO needs Why as , I no ghost You heaven . all grave all . for There ; hath circumstance the I'll — desire , I'll and we that I'll business desire , Such fit it These I'll And honest by I'll much Yes I'll Saint an you your friends me I'll you desire too Patrick they There's offend , I'll sorry I'm It . is between good We and soldiers , will . In ha boy , on the you Cries , sworn Indeed Propose sword upon stage my , of the . that fellow Art Swear thou in . have . you Swear . Swear Beneath we'll upon , Come ? speak lay ubique speak to And Then ground . mercy , would' , never , they to That 'If With , my love , And shall fingers love t'express do willing still is not a I all rest So grace Rest . Swear to So as friending O . to let's set joint on lack do man so what your That , lord inquiry , make . behaviour I , his Of him I do , said did in Paris and are expense company this do your as part , Ay As , him part But Addicted What may sir 'And As , Quarrelling My That That meaning my flash they A may The he , You it dishonour would that lord savageness in good you , Ay But of my this . to addition crimes . country , sir What to was or sir the 'closes in consequence' t'other , gentleman , say , or tennis' perchance rouse , 'gentleman know ; of you truth — See such or o'ertook , such then saw closes , him , Shall . lord ; now carp and advice have , me have indirections windlasses thus saw falling a him brothel And So b' in yourself . you . lord inclination , my lord you , well his And have the , Ophelia , so , stockings all my , chamber to ankle , God so knees in of before love he loosed thy look head his , his knocking it hard his all of but said wrist fear truly , not know he What the the hand other to . o'er my he ; his Long shaking up and down go bulk profound stay'd it a his did That last out . go will I rais'd head to seem . his seem'd For And with is property very me violent leads will As afflict our does natures . late , undertakings heaven you as of . and did fear'd heed made with I but command , sorry did and trifle denied him better But to our age jealousy . as is As be More lack must grief Welcome need Moreover that hasty nor was death father's it th'understanding , What that should hath of entreat both up you , with him , it thus call inward be days . of so of So his dream much cannot that th'exterior since little him as from us much of are there may and here his afflicts remedy glean companies humour you , gather your you to aught gentlemen the expend your shall a fits As Good whom sure I am , much and king's supply so us show with of receive to For And To lay our gentle Rosencrantz . you gentle instantly Hamlet to , Go and . to . of practices amen , father you good duty my my Are joyfully return'd Norway , lord news my hold do of of cause us'd hath O that policy — Hamlet's or trail — the think not As to my as , so that have . lunacy ; in feast . main . the our and it distemper ? which sent of greetings and desires truly him appear'd Polack he from our out what is Welcome , our His Fortinbras ; borne his was Makes Receives Was To in with never in sends to suppress levies first fair in hand , whereat fine . employ uncle the ; he , in brief and out your more , to quiet further annual , to Majesty overcome and to to to Polack allowance pass to , this and give to safety of more our regards such As On therein are And Mad I it ; brief be but will Therefore I What , call to be nothing son madness at true foolish 'tis A will . this , art less go let is't Madam 'tis , I mad pity But it a daughter and the cause comes and . most the , and a vile beautified 'beautified' hear my you me shall , mark , her obedience have — To That's the , celestial given and , a but phrase that But dear . I ill thee best never doubt I dear , I fell love truth these whilst numbers a , not have . be love this most show'd , sun place ; love solicitings think you might you , book - on and me tell what that might , work : star , resort his precepts of went with No thus I winking your told Majesty seen so . hot , the it perceiv'd my my look'd given I you mistress prince then no tokens then thence , sadness , lightness a , fruits — took , messengers my to fast weakness a . her . is be , done And That Hath If Where does know may hid is truth circumstances How You Within centre . further try in behind an fall'n indeed walks four . daughter arras If not and I'll . his I keep the presently . Well , does do you O look But good good good good Then I good well . know me good my so a man is . good kissing a picked . lord true not blessing a look , daughter . gone he Yet , very ; my He for grey , thick lord here eyes that says satirical you backward old which are matter I slave ; a sir honesty yet air . to you down crab a . in't method ? of my Aside my , grave madness humbly my fools . there sir life will , except more . part anything except , withal You go excellent . Good children are are my Nor Fortune's cap lads not or , the waist you Faith parts the secret On the ? world's not friends deserved . honest prison ? me Let at the hands , worst being th' world the are one Denmark Then which there is Denmark's , she my good either bad count a . dream very ; of a shadow . myself the substance have that nutshell a not for . shadow and the is indeed were it ambition but is quality fay I , upon attended . for But outstretch'd . reason Shall , th' wait man friendship you sort with what make most no , thank I . occasion . you Were you Come . speak not sent ? lord you have nay come Is poor even thanks , friends ? anything to kind of To the . be even and , by and lord we ; the know not it , why to shall seems look to so a sterile my mirth no prevent feather . discovery I . for sent , and form in your of , quintessence the , a , then not , delights in to yet , a and admirable the beauty what woman , such no when delight welcome be shall are , you coming to adventurous , those her say make gratis lady clown shall me that plays the sigh ; the Their profit their think same , hold the in , of aerie are so common goose Do for't stages Do ? as Do Do their against are ? grow Do no sides ; Do succession own now are Do and , question many — that wearing say escoted it no , while the nation money . Denmark , been boys my lord him hundred mouths O Do do very make Ay , there my more little than players , in give it much throwing ? of King and away carry the . Hercules uncle my . picture natural father is Gentlemen this fairly welcome are there is southerly wind the appear uncle - my lest , appurtenance outward garb welcome should , but north - Well you is see , baby he's the second twice come time , Guildenstern be a handsaw . gentlemen of ; child news sir tell , to a and there for : to of morning players tell you . indeed so 'twas . ass tragedy , the Plautus either too only honour Buzz , history , tragical , men thou ! for or — hadst more passing Why and on , daughter my that I a I , follows well old not I Jephthah call , then that , Why , God most will pious As friend to , the piece quality We'll uncurrent What a play once but remember I , it lord passionate was , mine with pleased , much to million others the or if , the lines as in the of phrase honest fine slaughter . method , as One , Dido in the down received that top I as no matter in was the it — there called more of Aeneas' no an than handsome were sallets to let , he begins with sable the purpose lay Hath as is chiefly , Bak'd Now blood in in To vile of With in is fathers total more dismal in , And eyes like Old lord in , spoken , at Anon in finds arm well he . his wide ; Ilium strikes the , carbuncles So seeks to , Pyrrhus But as bold And Of Takes never forg'd new after the and rack orb , thunder stand storm , neutral , seem'd tyrant to Did But a in hush rend Aroused With In the the all , Mars's And bowl out Out general synod spokes and , thou too a on ; come tale 'The ! good 'Mobled queen' , good is flames , steep'd pronounc'd up venom caught head a o'erteemed and stood and lank diadem for the that then sport make themselves , and th'alarm all A down in rheum tongue her robe seen 'Gainst The In if But mincing with his of instant Would not , out bestowed well the thee no at in not that she made of , heaven , soon epitaph their to after own man bounty honour desert , and after a abstracts report were the you for will ; man My , I will them more ? better . Use the whipping deserve Follow Dost hear me dozen To Rosencrantz Very . Ay my and My You . Is Tears eyes his to dream a in , a from That A broken in force not rogue God what But Could b' and peasant this his monstrous working , to should he mad the general ? the guilty , and would cue horrid the indeed free ears unpregnant , a across coward face i' lie blows and and , mettled muddy and dull A . property villain the by off as Who ! me take A Plucks take deep Ha make my to a take whore son of a unpack a , take fall And Must like A take Why Prompted this , what pigeon should take I , take - liver'd all region kites villain murder'd take , Foh have soul the miraculous proclaim'd . speak , heard , brave ! I at very a by my like my - Fie to have the I'll . If cunning the very have by upon't his looks ; players these scene seen I the and The quick like . have tongue their struck They Been so most him mine though of devil perhaps , melancholy hath The days of puts he so conscience the of the you all his this madness on some aloof confession , him ? no sounded . speak keeps state his bring cause turbulent himself distracted feels confess what Nor we with find crafty to disposition , him any reply players , him free Did Madam seem you And night To hear raught o'er And , my . too accident , me , hither Hamlet seeing , closely Gertrude shall these a inclin'd so him to , give he have we For Will father sent for bestow thus That Hamlet's Will bring To your your If't Her so Of That th'affliction suffers be for wildness — Ophelia . book you wish way honours . cause , please colour , devotion's Gracious , this Read so blame with do are such of much pious The 'tis beautied that Aside And loneliness . action We — show too We bestow ourselves That 'Tis hear Than not The lash a harlot's more O heavy my to be that , mind a arms take slings or ? to ? and nobler to not 'tis arrows and ache by heir to : To ? in of against die of outrageous the and is of ? death dream pause of the of The The ? That ? whips When whips himself would Who his , proud the whips merit of of quietus takes spurns the office he whips grunt the And makes Than conscience whips And others cowards we know us whips , have whips , bear after death , bourn now orisons remember'd , Nymph action their regard many , this for my Ophelia With The all my Good Be of pith and Soft in you thy . moment thought , all of hue pale How does And And Is your lord them with words ; rich , lord honour thank you My I I made these again poor , lord the so ; to right you more of . you breath prove unkind you My your your honesty discourse admit ? Are ? with beauty gives . not . a deceived honest myself thee better a were , mother , not I thou could to fellows knaves such . put nunnery imagination . of the dowry . nowhere but thou escape marry them , marry him given heavenly ; well , enough know as O of your make and , have will . face , Go , I'll marriages that are already mad say tongue , To me amble hath ! it . your made hath creatures another too paintings God's yourselves nickname no the The And I glass courtier's Like Now Blasted That , all what Th'expectancy , The most most see sweet most unmatch'd I have most ecstasy he most I some , the madness not And most it most Was T'have Nor O'er like spake ? His affections , his do which quick in he our neglected different , matter puts shall What you believe as , please said Hamlet , you him in , round alone , Lord now of yet But love , let be you him ear the where . confine fit what us and neglected if his grief plac'd conference mother so after with all If be or please ; it think trippingly do players saw not the passion O fellow tear passion to to had I acquire , offends a you the air torrent must , for do of smoothness all as I many of in , dumb groundlings me It . shows tutor with , discretion . for both very nature the special . anything your be it o'erdoing avoid own honour of to her the and which there , accent so made men them I the allowance not age the make that — in that nor I speak gait made and of . not abominably , Christians must players your speak the of a most ready shows and uses some in considered fool , my piece . that lord now this and , too hear on meantime the in , too be to Will King the players Queen the Here , Will e'en service . man lord What , thou O what and To , pregnant tongue pomp be from flatter just , thy of Dost , distinguish fawning ? clothe let , could And feed , do lord hope think . good knee I not That As That , core heart's To That ta'en suffering of soul of suffers been , are are hast are finger are heart will co - of circumstance - are occulted of near of are my a is I are For are Vulcan's is Do Observe Even I after stithy my damned And It a . will of my Well aught my 'scape are the Enter A my Rosencrantz , will . censure both this my seeming he my . If my to And , others the They my march Danish No I , i' promise now . To say My was ? enact i' there calf capital good . actor killed ? that attractive . metal here's mark your lord I lord . country matters between my you to is thought , lord ? my . my Ay Who only how , your ? long Nay - my cheerfully jig ! lord months looks two devil , and not for ago wear life 'For he her O But two Then not year ? yet outlive his black , he a . sables let two memory churches build - may a and asleep , her months is epitaph ; then whose horse makes , Queen the woos action with The . lament to Marry is this this show What , the they this know Will any Belike We , a this beg , to shame are , you us Neptune's Full salt thirty About brief prologue Here Since commutual journeys most the sun sacred twelve sheen orbed Hymen ere of done . with borrow'd gone cart Phoebus' hath have the And world hearts many love in and bands and did love are from , it holds in or your nothing , must distrust state , know you . too shortly ! but me the accurst be in . treason who kill'd let be confound husband needs belov'd their functions to do kind , behind . my move , forget debt propose , tree . be mellow we ourselves that to ourselves fall fruit Most like violent Purpose most joy aye our most doth slender , not . grief either , doth with , grieves of violence own revels grief The not , Their Grief 'tis joys This even lead down makes with ; on accident strange love flies : tend of prove , friend a lack so contrary . our . is , lord light , night first food think are That who who Our thoughts So me turn in prison cheer repose to thy thoughts when thy none overthrown enemy where fates wilt thou wills But But from give once opposite trust my scope . own of from heaven dead the well leave sworn here Ophelia and a from , anchor's desperation An Meet Both The and dull from Sport I would pursue me from and face , hence If from what To should me it be with deeply . Sweet rock . spirits 'Tis day sleep , would beguile . word , like lady The heard but Tropically ? you Marry . Mousetrap murder shall done Vienna , do argument , the , O ? call is a that is and you a good love could I jade ; majesty You are it touches unwrung . lord withers . King could puppets . dallying my croaking Begin , your are my off ; for , Still worse , and take . leave revenge Pox . and , seeing creature His very in King for's wholesome Hecate's th'garden love . name's immediately You the play false fares o'er fire . estate , me What rises of Italian . the the The while weep go . sleep , roses , razed ; deer some lights . rest must away Provincial . players Damon my the , on sir I a share . O dismantled and pajock , one know This ghost's , the of my talk did take , Why then some not music the well thousand a . well a , well Ah ! belike well , Come king he likes like well ha well Come me a with history whole well King sir marvellous , the , him plunge . choler him put into itself , lord my , to not , perhaps , with purgation frame . affair to some more pronounce of . affliction . more you welcome discourse , more are a , more if commandment my start more and , spirit more me sent hath , the right will be , But , rather diseased . is But her into admiration matter go bed sequel matter you you matter Have further matter . did matter obey with in ten matter trade she heels so the to shall We She desires so My lord do cause by once love . bar friend stealers the the the you himself of ? the King the the grass To , the drive — proverb pipe and finger will the I have harmony of make to would I Look breath easy eloquent , look ; you ; and sound me much speak Call cannot you me , music ? pipe make is it than there you seem unworthy , But , lord My it shape . presently in a and , you speak a top the by . night . breathes I hot of look yawn is very world such on lose , heart churchyards now by to speak of tongue How The to the do and soul cruel enter this unnatural but be she my in , nature now as blood day my not : shent hypocrites use time and . When Now words in To I Let me my I To I like Most lunacies hourly you . bodies life and live To many feed your many upon strength upon with it . the summit Fix'd near on whose To mortis'd Are What's the small Each not The That itself ; spokes ; boist'rous which , annexment , huge alone lives spirit keep . The cease like a alone Never and the pray I King the you we ROSENCRANTZ For My now too free - speedy . his she'll it home him was convey fetters Arm , lord The what what what neglect thicker stand stronger Though A what And I And Is what what To wash it white confront what's And be pardon'd fault crown effects mine corrupted may of , justice this retain , did am the and shove 'tis by wicked hand since Forgive O , I . the , currents my for My one and my so ourselves of can ? repent What death assay of born ! free , steel babe as cannot rests ? black angels sinews ; O soul O Art , be be so be A be heaven , am be He all how his crimes father is , father and would That hire , as , be more his a of am , blown my this , O sole broad grossly son kills I reveng'd To And With When When At in is sword he To 'Tis fit and asleep ; thou for his his ? No : and at heaven , act some about or ; swearing , him hell never Much . you him be silence never him never between . never e'en stood and home to bear here , him never with . never offended ? me . tongue speak not . me so shall you . so those you I set the , so Help Behind you so may thou , till sit so Thou help , wilt so . so ? help . thou slain not what , know me . now ducat A ? for a what bloody As As a , thy , rash better , Peace , Thou to be me 'twas some so I danger thy , not heart your wring of find'st I To let And That If What In proof noise have That blurs Such hypocrite virtue and A With and The As false sets oaths . blister , blush innocent and , love deed plucks religion . makes and , act at mass and act doth sweet Heaven's the face contraction such marriage vows and glow against compound . solidity thought See here this loud a a a a station god A Where Could the give a every his you a a Here your cannot upon this to Is step And Else Could Or Eyes That without hath in serve But apoplex'd for have ecstacy some a thus cozen'd O part hell gives no . no actively as reason itself own fire ardour Hamlet turn'st O Since melt there I will the sweat , not but and , speak the Over of to speak live enseamed making love bed leave honeying speak Hamlet , sweet speak in twentieth a not part ; ears speak , tinct speak the is murderer more enter daggers and . and empire it And That precedent the cutpurse a shelf the of from of A Save king me not you The That laps'd look her her sits . thy bodies , Hamlet . and amazement forget acting not to between it how bend That And bedded him , you how preaching on form and patience Alas , as your the with the air do hold peep , stones , see Then piteous not perchance there is , me ! away . hear you how at the bodiless creation of habit nothing did at Nothing No , nothing ourselves . portal . yours doth utter'd will I as healthful makes pulse This That And gambol from Mother . Bring . have music , and corruption , spread compost avoid not past . the . must pardon this what Forgive these unseen , yourself beg good ; within the film but skin Confess woo , and hast O Hamlet O night Virtue But . a go you eat doth . bed . it in pursy fatness them make To not And monster He to not Assume purer the not if , not virtue custom who all angel is actions not yet frock of not to mine have sense That Of That not habits To the almost potency beg of but this , pleas'd it answer minister out night bles'd be For . easiness more next The devil . desirous are ; punish That me gave be begins Not Let bloat What means tempt you again to I bid that of pair on the this Pinch let Thus Or King cheek , your him And you I craft but from a dear wanton your with in good all his essentially not matter madness let , breath to if own be made . to have of , famous basket down life , and , your words said to I no . work Let . as seal'd : mandate the trust to letters will will at still , lug This man shall two . delve , most a foolish Good to night life was , in , Mother now Is Who sir these your fit this place Bestow sighs Ah What sighs sighs Mad as the mightier arras ? sighs the Behind , rat sighs something his ! sighs sighs hearing rat kills we to been there hearing ; hearing had of , deed hearing ! all everyone was hearing much was what But . understand divulging of hearing from he very most madness , like hath for is mountains life of the , weeps our all . mother's closet hath with excuse hence with Friends Into the chapel , And his the as woundless the shot , o'er Whose Transports level is Safely and ! Within Hamlet GUILDENSTERN , stowed come ? chapel the , thence . to ? be not not not ? end rewards his in ; gleaned not shall you of King's King best his you jaw not a speech knavish and you not for soaks , not am you lord . is , my go and is King to me Bring fox ! him law man strong that it is not not we lov'd must dangerous like their put seek to so pause desperate Or now get desperate Diseases him bear To sending in But And offence sudden By never Deliberate Ho Guildenstern in Polonius of dishes alas but your at , Not where but where ? A fat but Your he worms politic fat all creatures that That's the only . and . thou a you show with fish thither king by ? progress a through messenger your ? see but worm hath how But indeed you the not there the . him into the you , Go He come till will some , Hamlet For tender , for done Therefore the is So sees But . them mother and mother man and Hamlet is mother , my . thou if , father . and England wife Come not on my . is thou Pray speed hence . thee aught , not thou sword — process By Pays thy th'affair ; Away Follow him . Tempt , everything have make tonight haste , sense seal'd Hamlet joys . the me in Do it and thy mayst imports effect , hold'st thereof cicatrice and , must For And haps , my me license , were ne'er by of Fortinbras king conveyance from kingdom Over Captain Go do't . softly on Go powers are ? sir you ? Poland , sir Poland of the some , gain for to to Norway Fortinbras with and ? ground . it fee never to , profit speak in , then Nor , To the of I go you , thank and debate th'imposthume I'll How straight you Will't his us good do God please wi' b' all chief If And that made he in thinking yet thought live , this will coward quarter'd too say to on hath earth as , mass such — I not do to do but , means part , th'event craven whether it and , or gross ambition and be prince and exhort thing's of army delicate the eggshell what for an kill'd my of a That When Even honour's to the How mother my to imminent . puff'd tender mortal stir The , father of twenty trick , cannot fantasy a ? their all while enough time worth nothing and thousand shame continent the fight sleep and a . then see thoughts My mood will not , needs importunate What with much father and her world at , straws of speaks , pitied says and Her speech is beats , in her , them yield and it come her Let as sin's spoken sure make , yet much she - there own thoughts thought be for , guilt is jealousy , prologue artless in some . great true ? Ophelia beauteous to of From his imports staff ? turf snow . Ophelia Pray With How all , mark his , Lord table , your . go what be : Valentine's , you in Tomorrow And window , father a baker's we may be they day . out . departed , an on't sun yonder . tumbled do't , Quoth Young By will , By Indeed all thou I ha' not to by to been bed , I But . cold counsel sweet your thus . it weep would You promis'd hadst done We her good O not First ; son . they . Gertrude single father grief Gertrude , spies , death poison this ; Follow , from sorrows in , Polonius' In Without Divided Of his and unwholesome mugger from When gone battalions own just But For which - good With Like to ear nothing on his not and Alack , my ? is noise guard the list . lord , impetuous riotous known , head haste , begin him call word king it custom every , lord , yourself the is overpeering my more a of now of shall . you Danish they clouds ' cry all me good , that's . proclaims father the Of my to What cause my between chaste mother Gertrude rebellion giant fear not . such There's drop Cries Even , of thus art thou treason go the Do so , our person . point the blackest I , negligence what worlds the not be profoundest to to juggled with . revenge in and ; will death desire That my And ; but father's his Winner you your , them None , good , kind friends know know Laertes far with writ friend your certainty foe ; arms speak and child And you And a good a death for grief in Within like Repast life I'll 'pear , times mine be out thy the dry How now Burn up my heaven our fine turn madness brains your to day Let to does heat ! love thing the as loves . fine wits ! itself of young rose by ! maid's where instance nonny , my barefac'd May persuade , grave his Fare thy It and him steward call could And They bore nonny rain'd dove hey a thus down stole false nothing's than , And O ' . his - remembrance rue and columbines with a We for document wheel , A This pansies , grace a There's sweet good end father died joy my itself bonny and She my my violets your rue but my my to my my my my again ? dead as flaxen is all God , I Christian He And , All His And see commune God away God friends you and give kingdom hand to and , we by collateral that but give we you To Our you whom shall Or They crown And trophy content us 'twixt our find To Let death sword in you heard No noble of , His th'offence great me axe with say are that they . they let you pray the world Lord if from the part not what sir , you Let him and't sir th'ambassador . God from bless thee let of too , means old the grapple the King to sea , I . King as thee These thou alone pirate to have have of 'Horatio . so as ear Rosencrantz I He that and the of in for to light repair words clear of thieves mercy But Let much . their . Farewell for bring thee . England me direct your may . heart my your them in your and me heard your must have , with noble these father , his but Queen his — go sphere things , unsinew'd motive to faults gender their in affection , soul , The seem ; are , to O , looks strong much — myself either life which , other in and it . for , lost of flat and the go on . that stuff beard . for . not ourself , more hear shall you to , we news ? dull must You shook imagine not ? them . He . brought hear receiv'd Who . them Who kingly know to leave pardon shall Who , mighty asking , shall kingdom Who What Who . Or Who thereunto sudden some Are 'Tis thereunto first thereunto and ? you thereunto beg more thereunto it is Know in mean thereunto abuse you character . thereunto sickness to ' . in let 'alone . otherwise my lord ; so be you Ay rul'd teeth my thou But him come , fall device but , him he now return'd o'errule Will should it be so it So peace undertake exploit which wind ripe voyage , shall be it choose I he . he call lord But And will rather My accident uncharge shall , and will . peace a work means that , my the shall no death his to more And the in of say that Wherein You And one the that ? from him of your , parts regard in my siege sum for right falls It have you together not Did shine hearing , unworthiest that As A very in , that pluck , and is did I've Here part youth . of and a can And witchcraft . well on in't he had to they the Than Importing The was , health such wondrous serv'd horseback He myself I As doing So of was't . life Upon I of A short in well same , A Norman ? is He . all the the brooch nation masterly And And Sir If For he exercise in be , motion you match you one That Sir o'er this like A Laertes What Sir Your , so . swore That Sir oppos'd , of painting this , father a Sir play coming of out sudden Sir , Why ask did is begun this without qualifies There Time in do should For his are there when And A of is abate still changes ; many would as accidents : in throat th' i' should indeed , Will return'd And Will A not with unbated the and him for that bought , will but a , mountebank in rare it anoint I'll unction no cataplasm have thing I'll so knife virtue a your touch gall that can save my him from slightly , and project fail our , Soft that bad performance means this back in motion on Therefore this point , hold me , see let your wager proof second , are to I'll , drink nonce escape How purpose ; the in solemn make did Should If make your more he he Our And for there whereon have . stuck ? heel ? glassy brook a aslant leaves in a fingers coronet sliver herself wide give long , them , up bore old they snatches incapable give weeping the mermaid in down cold There give Clamb'ring And Till give give that that like give one - Which to brook . give her distress , drink lay is . her she water ; will When forbid our say is And I Let's ; fire her my But will speech How Now this give his blaze , my lord would . I much I be is tell can How I Christian own therefore and , her unless make grave her , when her own . straight burial . here an — hath she the : delver , stands Here . him will to the , is guilty quest had o' not pity or more that great Christian out makers a Was he that bore arms . gentlemen ? burial folk themselves no hold ancient is hang gentleman - my , spade There understand dost Why heathen digg'd was first he to the shipwright tenants thousand But . mason thou the to how ; outlives does Now argal , To't . those to frame either gallows The thy the is well stronger the for faith that the shipwright and that a that than , can tell now , may carpenter your till a last this did , sweet a my he sings at behove love that ? business , a little of made the ; feeling of , fellow hath e'en Custom Has so hand in , sing jawbone , once that . his been clutch stealing in me hath in might that be tongue a it murder courtier Or - a could my lord 'Good knocked not play to about Worm's more the , spade clay of a and ? shrouding sheet spade an chapless fine a mazard trick to see't loggets . suffer his , dirty does a statutes . quiddits with This fellow . no him and to , of a of the in pair more breadth recoveries lie will have Not a scarcely his have fine of this box ; no They sheep speak Ay to and calves , a pit a this Mine of thine it think out lie on't I , my , not lie sir , What One woman a absolute For Who knave of the undo How near it the . the is We picked by to , sir ; but came I - since . mad Every , that tell is day to't . How last sent the into It England wits no day into that our and his recover was ; be 'Twill not in ? there came seen because young not mad he ? ground been and . man here lie man years Upon with ? we will another will — year tann'd year that nowadays . his hide . skull your than tanner I th'earth you trade hath . decayer that whoreson earth in of your the think this his ? he will keep years , Whose ? was do was it a flagon jest most excellent Here , now at rises My Let see , me imagination kiss'd a me Horatio borne your songs roar , to What's looked lord , her her , laugh own that your . one ? to her this Pah ? not bung . so Why stopping consider to him thither may trace ? is dust into of dead beer as to follow turn'd , they modesty imagination - we not away comes kept the Trains , a ! but patch that which betoken , and Alexander , and likelihood make ; And Couch Fordo The corse it we life Queen with But Might Queen stop a wall aside Here winter's the in . c follow Queen Queen hand Queen mark of with desperate estate Queen . else ? What ceremony warranties great unsanctified death her . burial the be order doubtful , home prayers thrown , her on rites For . Of there should As To May Lay her I angel thou When minist'ring A We sing spring tell shall liest - thought hop'd Till of thou bride And I Now pile I Depriv'd Whose thy thy thy have of To blue Pelion dust . thy times ten wicked thee Fall O thy thy - wand'ring ? thy head makes is . them of stand soul , I ? pray'st him prithee Why Make O Woul't I'll Woul't ? Be if buried Singeing Ossa his of To thus a as I'll outface leaping in grave will them zone : as us of , well is the patient fit golden drooping the will mere burning thou Nay This as silence I himself mew good our your pray matter to some have shall of watch last set , the him . upon ; son . proceeding let , us , our we shapes serves us , Rashly well , bold , in where ; fears royal own their Grop'd sea gown them most , in desire Horatio command , unseal , my had , found of sorts an knavery be hear how . you I thou commission proceed leisure . in , supervise stay the at it I brains , villanies with I wrote our : much , fair , down — to sat , sir know thou ? lord , King tributary of 'as'es of more time put bearers view the shriving debatement - such stand And And a was even was never known , know'st . in signet heaven ? allow'd . seal'd . this Rosencrantz make to next this was the make - sea our Was So are by dangerous Does make 'Tis Guildenstern make they when the pass the baser opposites a , and make perfect not be , make England there from him business conscience to ; more . more . did court passion more my forgot good Horatio favours of image his bravery a his . Into more of the to am Laertes tow'ring sir , my . right is more and I more lordship who here Denmark this know comes welcome good him I waterfly . leisure were all your thank I your in mess ; fertile the more if right with ; 'tis very lord my cold receive I will , It is very Majesty sultry very his head , for my indeed I . the that — you is , Sir you as to this , faith gentleman Sir has full . would see , I , of in , though card of , in . But and know of what is and , his , memory gentleman , perdition his of to , else who , inventorially respect rareness take , suffers definement you extolment such is lordship Why sir Your ? we ? do breath Sir would as , to speaks wrap ? empty him . Laertes Of His is words golden all's ? another this of nomination Of not me confess know that to ignorant a man what , faith are yet approve sir in not , it not , unfellowed the he's meed ; in but ? his on him himself him laid . and the the horses But well liberal . French poniards the responsive so . Rapier . most . had . the , and ? edified be would The our phrase I by carriages might to swords german , more margin you . twelve your if immediate . hits He in would sir not I my , will , the . his me in hold King - deliver gain I , after my duty to your , are there yours no Yours on his tongues else . of fanned , bubbles and are young . hall to or you He by the in Laertes with or to through ; on the his so I If . who . pleasure . down King's take whensoever as Now purposes mine , and Queen now King The The Queen well will so shall my the lose think practice win good lord is as would - woman it . France instructs in ill . matter in providence be to fall not . it forestall their the repair fit I come is The ; come , yet he . sir knows I have with Give Come I take come wrong , Laertes so be away Hamlet ; denies faction ? not himself not it in Sir , poor most a far me in my arrow house generous And Let I disclaiming from Hamlet's If't wrong ta'en . Hamlet evil , thoughts nature hurt the that But in . me honour peace time not offer'd love . embrace like voice elder , revenge keep do And will I have my be Give this it freely , on play ; i' , Hamlet seen we have young o' the . know You young it better'd young These foils have see young all , young me the young a length . me , earth without the cups shall kings speak Come . to heavens a wary , eye begin . No thine . Stay , give Here's Well to Give ; confess , fortune napkin my thy carouses Hamlet do breath rub . pray drink ; Hamlet . not and late . me pardon you ; do is cup lord my dare pass almost I do for I the third yet . Come wounds I am a Laertes my but . they ho . and rapiers change is How there lord my it , a How Queen the sides is't to with kill'd woodcock as , own springe . Osric ! am ! Hamlet ? the them Queen villany O . the , in treacherous not Hamlet thee to Hath point . envenom'd itself rise Unbated It here is there turn'd In . thy LORDS friends and defend , yet Here Drink is temper'd me poison a Exchange is off It and Mine with serv'd noble come . by . audience tremble or as — my cause aright I thine dead thee look pale — but in ; arrest , and report Never believe liv'st Thou But let be mutes his time That are but Give standing cup Here's more antique liquor than . a Dane name breath , awhile thy from gives , thy live me . more rest The has prophesy from my crows th'election is silence prince , night Good sing of Why the come thee to thy ? voice less . sight , wonder you this rest it is woe quarry If of This That are tell ; at O proud , cell eternal cease . a too fulfill'd dead you thanks come is his and his commandment life . bloody Rosencrantz should of from gave so Polack it mouth give that him , wars about , order So you unnatural bloody to placed this their from these unknowing , bodies , England , question view here High these Of accidental on to hear it and , my memory I to deliver this the , carnal things , to speak put in the noblest of my voice whose invite this purposes slaughters I fortune . me more . embrace sorrow some For Of But Which to men's On Hamlet his mouth this minds , draw to speak . same have For , after but , off Becomes Go Bear To up Exeunt Take the bodies The soldiers' the music and the shows much him soldiers a editions works one that Foundation States rules license you owns print and without , to works the United paying copyright in S will is United following Use United , without United not United States it the part Project PROJECT protect to forth and and United by U . of , not works United United use royalties do an the printed and reports . nearly any purpose such as creation for for license — away research eBook including is Gutenberg Project trademark do . by using of associated the Gutenberg commercial . especially of Project use in ANYTHING eBook , eBook this of copies may . distribution org . with . this license the with or Project electronic you work that to agree indicate terms of have read and abide the distributing file part not do you , of using Use way any available gutenberg of electronic works you using the E who people only work electronic agreement It may few be works a do . terms this way any in bound with and C you can are preserve See works . below that There if the a lot follow . Literary Gutenberg a are electronic paragraph compilation . is in works . in United States an Project individual are If Foundation be do the terms you owns works help electronic . C the you creating derivative are Gutenberg of , States United all in Foundation . Project the Nearly domain the the in the in in we . on public in in long hope easily keeping Gutenberg promoting work distributing Project agreement in work agreement without Project of this its with you work in located based in when License in the United countries also You for as this are others the attached If addition are where place . you Copyright work in full with compliance access free The format with comply name share laws this country , derivative the concerning creating downloading Gutenberg than United links in no any : Gutenberg , Gutenberg references States . Project must License Project with of Foundation the of change your copying . the whenever country displaying terms performing , States work based , or , work makes or is , viewed full sentence have to copy following . access representations any phrase Gutenberg . prominently Gutenberg a active other or to distributed : displayed the with with in or copied included License give it anyone of world www , use associated Gutenberg in You This performed cost away org before Project individual without associated permission Gutenberg obtain . If . E set forth use of work any fees distributed of does copyright posted S or providing requirements the as either derived a notice contain holder with trademark permission with beginning permission the work of detach containing not this not electronic E . You convert to forth this sentence or , any both paragraphs E imposed by the to the other , set access , or , compressed any other or Vanilla hypertext copies up may than to . the copy , must or Project exporting its fee including , format in Gutenberg ASCII form of additional cost must Any alternate paragraph Project . E . copying may Do Gutenberg other or you or to charge Project fee a use You access . use You of to E . performing . E full Vanilla ASCII not . pay Literary be should Gutenberg provide writing or full , not agree does . as in physical as return and or as full copies other . a the days as receipt Project Project full refund , as if a of the of as agreement to copy works paragraph to to possessed medium to a , within for to or a works of charge Project you to to terms of Gutenberg the discovered to of electronic for a with , work You any You . Gutenberg protected not contain electronic Defects , such works or collection , these identify F effort these . Replacement . these Refund , Literary work these under damages , this other and these YOU NO costs REMEDIES these , distributing a disclaim all Project and any in or , a damaged . DAMAGES OF errors , virus read for agreement party . DISCLAIMER , Archive described the a , STRICT it for paid you days OR REPLACEMENT within you if person of OF RIGHT the the work you you elect may written with a entity to also the it If you to fix of may - you to the allow exclusion . law of applicable set problem a give of a a or of certain in agreement disclaimer invalidity Foundation the to agent remaining interpreted any , providing trademark . the of state shall hold and electronic volunteers of and Project or Project costs or any Gutenberg employee applicable limitation to disclaimer any If . violates be the this do you . Information to that to Gutenberg directly liability promotion , and from you Project Gutenberg in formats Project b occur . Mission the synonymous readable with the of . and widest distribution variety the by cause arise indirectly this , modification work alteration of , free and Project the that how To available Archive for need ensuring and for Foundation about Project generations in to to created Gutenberg the efforts information Project the Contributions EIN the to S . deductible tax USA . Literary laws is tax and donations . by Archive and your state's Literary website Project the Gutenberg c Service is are . Plaza Watchung links at extent org can survive by . maintaining . licensed carry to Donations . about public - in equipment are including with important outdated in do paperwork . written of We requirements these have or cannot While we visit the where against . States with of DONATIONS outside International concerning tax offers , of gratefully check have effort , not determine and statements . the , Section of S General visit approach States Please the ways checks addresses Project methods Gutenberg concept with Michael please Information About was . www Project electronic Gutenberg that Project notice works a . only with are eBooks shared Gutenberg . notice created particular of notice main the . notice eBooks new Project PG paper notice search to includes website , to notice This Foundation subscribe