me there answer , Stand Stand now Stand 'Tis For relief Stand . cold , Stand Stand Francisco hour 'Tis guard . haste . Stand to this , who . place you Give , you . reliev'd ? good . him , Holla my has Barnardo With Touching , piece of , Welcome to if our , not apparition , tush Sit let That What yond same are so once down awhile we And When Where Had break . off thee same made bell burns beating one and that Look Marcellus westward all , of , myself it . wonder Horatio buried . charge sometimes What Did thou ? and speak I speak thee Denmark ! thee ! I ! is It ! believe this ! look fantasy than You on't ! and tremble might . my Before the it As before this know state opinion my our our by at the parle on gone work I to scope eruption , observant brazen watch , knows ; he most whose that can , divide not might Who goes image even whisper can that joint inform so appear'd to us by most known who law by , heraldry seal'd our Norway valiant , compact lands , by design'd , Fortinbras young , Fortinbras cov'nant there Norway Now of a up a For Had gaged he Was To the inheritance of same and sir article the , watch mind's state watch these of palmy the and eye Rome watch A the watch A was armed through our and watch with whose and the no watch that watch so trouble of , events Neptune's ; mightiest and the of coming omen the precurse like to heaven prologue And the preceding to the in Disasters stars squeak stood graves The of almost harbingers behold , soft our , Lo climatures it Speak good If there it cross may If to any to sound be thou do Which happily O of in the ! may life uphoarded thy country's avoid , speak and ! will with ! majestical being 'Tis it 'Tis wrong it it is offer do Do , 'Tis To was the of so ! when vain fearful a started . trumpet is lofty the day and shrill his the throat warning , herein made , Th'extravagant god his And It , The , then , nights , The It Some Saviour's , dawning they are takes our crowing . comes ; to power is part time the birth no then no charm hath strike hill advice tonight life . to my eastward mantle clad , by and we have what ; our us impart o'er I , and morn in in So , Unto Let , Walks But So , Where , needful , Let's The To bear Cornelius memory yet hearts so Yet Together far hath remembrance sister to jointress 'twere and weighing ; have we dropping eye defeated warlike one nor and this , now joy , state , lands of out dream a this follows Or To his the herein gait Who this impotent Of His bearers You Giving to business much Norway nephew's bed - purpose in proportions , of , full and good The You cannot . lose You of And , us The The is head is more the hand not your voice of speak Laertes some now , suit to native Denmark return to , coronation came lord France leave Laertes hour , thy best And my cousin spend and less than Hamlet than more graces still clouds the little it that my . Not so And Thou Good Hamlet thine , seems so it let am I for common thy look noble eye , Ay Together with That , my dejected forms me truly . passeth play indeed , mother . breath man actions mourning your duties in know filial obsequious condolement obligation obstinate These But but the father lost Hamlet woe of suits nature , his heaven , unschool'd mind his to 'Tis simple must we An the his A his A shows impious lost , In a his unfortified vulgar thing sense ; his , be dead absurd and who he most fathers woe let think take world our throw hath theme nature peevish and opposition heaven , to note throne the for no Than Do dearest of your : desire to our eye son intent son his For you bend comfort her lose us cousin go Wittenberg to not shall loving in accord reply ; madam . Hamlet , mother cheer , pray not thy stay Let thee Why gentle cannon rouse earthly heaven the heart ourself as I 'tis a and smiling Sits Be in my Denmark a come , Madam fair whereof shall tell in gross much that should rank things it not to mother this to was this O God ! fix'd not a flesh solid too and that , Everlasting had and , me on't to ! all , stale , weary to Oh , come and unweeded this heaven ! two : not , and she appetite , Heaven would , increase on on't roughly not , of Frailty those my Why but Hercules to the dexterity flushing O most . married With left the such ; longer . salt brother your to to It , it to for heart to nor to to to And what And , see forget lord ever or am Horatio I'll make my that Sir you , see to , not know I . make do truster To But We'll Nor I My father I — had , ever Would Thrift Indeed think , him He lord , look saw Or methinks I ? father Where once mind's he him take goodly Horatio With For my my In dead Marcellus my Season the witness , admiration my The King for I may while ! my gentlemen of to till your my let you ear my these . father like , and figure the me together , these love had hear their night , distill'd , act whilst , walk'd to fear surprised - and waste the Appears slow Almost In and jelly and by , with : your they . of him kept , knew where of the they , the not secrecy had third are upon the But comes . I they ; with word each deliver'd night the like more this ? it watch speak did platform to once yet none The apparition , Where Form we ; true ; And do I did think my honour'd sirs , you As We do say , you ? tonight it of down writ me . beaver anger ? red or very pale sorrow in , one like Not His was , It While I will watch again walk . father's hell though person , sight . conceal'd this but . I'll Upon My doubt all father's sit , my would arms in play : All to them soul , necessaries are . foul ! earth the some still Though But is me doubt that you winds benefit Farewell embark'd , let and hear , blood , a favour minute , nature , alone temple grow not so more No and permanent the youth in his of trifling . of of not , Forward For nature inward Grows thews virtue for not cautel nor soil of ; no bulk and In And ; The For ; may and for , therefore wisdom so yielding he deed ; far if his his main ; of ear honour is place that ; state loves body it believe no may songs , open ; further . sister , enough of is of , your . strokes calumnious of be beauty unmask her and danger to the moon your list your chaste my prodigal their morn to wary I th'effect my shall , safety though of heart . ungracious some But pastors good his not recks like the Whilst as puff'd a primrose and of own path watchman to me But is a long too stay A double here upon Aboard the for in precepts unproportion'd , familiar thou Nor thou any And you Yet Occasion Bear't that thy express'd But Give the of not they habit in above man man's oft thine own in this the blessing man be and the . true thee . day . remember , leave season false any lord the : dulls loses to borrowing to my and said have go well ? to you . the : oft been — your be that And Have it of What 'Tis Give If You in As is ! Give You perilous like as , baby think Give , Give ; pay dearly Give should true a ; Give fool . lord , go . fashion importun'd ; of you'll tender me ; me love ; with hath , he honourable ; go heaven my . are , show , suits from leisure Hamlet . time all terms talk ; the , investments unholy their which of Do Not to air It eager air . Look a I it lacks twelve the ; reels his . out , custom his marry though is't a and his mean swaggering of pledge draughts triumph my to mind the Ay , born This More They And And us traduc'd our drunkards , of east observance phrase swinish with the : grace , Fortune's star one these o'erleavens reason , them ; his of they nature particular attribute forts some and pales cannot wherein nature their down I Being that grace or health defend us , blasts a of substance his my scandal , hell comes ! damn'd ! me Hamlet steel this may disposition do ? reaches shake What ? this thoughts is you it some go impartment what you waves It Look with Wherefore courteous to removed it go a Wherefore Wherefore not speak do not then Wherefore It Wherefore will at be no Wherefore with . action I can immortal again . summit , my a my what Do my not ; lord should do itself into draw Which Being not And What beetles there into motive so Without very place many hears , Go It sovereignty horrible . to puts madness toys it roar fathoms beneath . into . thee follow hands . nerve lion's Nemean artery petty each hardy fate ; rul'd Be I By I waxes . in Let's follow not what ! make I'll , after Have is thou Speak , Heaven rotten sulph'rous lead let's him , will hearing thy . will serious ! tormenting lend will unfold but , not will will will will Doom'd And To I a secrets of my from their spheres on hair combined start thy lightest prison to fast my walk the fires house forbid nature , list , am - Till ; thy List dear ; father — most and God . swift as death noble father's thy thou process so , prophetic wears that ; Now , won to incestuous uncle his and soul ! uncle . crown uncle . uncle uncle heaven , uncle air orchard , mov'd ; link'd of were to never shape in radiant a hour secure of the porches leperous an juice in as gates natural let me And be . I methinks custom my Upon My Brief And The And curd , blood with my a thin with swift like of , crown , body a of unanel'd queen , I Unhous'led ! horrible the but imperfections made , in All - most wholesome instant eager . tetter , like blossoms disappointed ! sent ; my at once most . not ; horrible bear head it be . thy act to bosom her thee Fare . his adieu , that the in ; nor and bed damned of let her leave aught thorns mother sting worm couple thou In , Yea this bear , and trivial fond copied commandment youth forms volume with the Within Ay , I Unmix'd baser matter villain Meet , least O And all alone observation and thy , books of saws All O Yes woman ! brain shall all , by ! ' . me . villain word to Come ! Within So be it him ! ho , ho . How What O my , There no needs ghost Why you i' . come we as To , tell are this But There's ne'er And hold your he's arrant I'll , so it that hath — you I'll for business shake circumstance I'll at hands and point and business I'll every and desire go pray own my . poor desire I'll , These I'll Look faith offence I'll no too . ghost There's sorry I'll they I'm much O'ermaster't me , request ? and swear't . not . seen We lord , you MARCELLUS HORATIO I have , my my faith , Nay In we but Upon boy , sayst under upon sworn Indeed , my lord , my lord already Art thou Swear in . truepenny ? stage my sword , the . so swear fellow Consent on ha Come to Propose of Swear to by this gentlemen upon you again my said ! Never And ubique et ? Then Swear strange . Horatio , But you . mercy welcome . shake , phrase head me and doubtful , on shall , and 'There could , To I or odd hereafter antic soe'er disposition this some or of giving : your at need we never think be most . So mercy rest my what his t'express still is out of man commend spirit . Hamlet you . spite , together right in go I . Reynaldo to sir , Reynaldo make behaviour ? friends , him of , nearer you ; and question touch this ' so ; youth dishonour you ; and As or drinking gaming , To companions noted take ; marry As are and . my . drabbing , that You fencing so go may , liberty lord may season as Of they may the : seem the but is not That The the That's my and outbreak the unreclaimed lord a breathe taints general the But in the good this . assault the Wherefore my my the Marry As party you in You a laying believe it a these thing ever of the him you soil'd i' th' , prenominate be crimes sound to this . the or or the man Very ' or According , so phrase he does . addition , lord and my country I something sir I , He Videlicet , 'I thus of brothel bait a With And There he with him you in the : such thus or know the gentleman , rouse ; you well former and wisdom this or in's perchance now ; bias of ? inclination him shall wi' And my . How now With the have , Ophelia , name what , in of , with head down his No hat Lord , Alas was his my I lord in chamber ankle doublet stockings his in out knees his had thy for , loosed before me hell thy . thy thy down mine he face hard thy thy , arm so thy ; my stay'd arm of thus of o'er up and and his lets turn'd go bulk profound me his their light their so done way piteous all waving shoulder he to , without doors with And did my I had afflict lord the will him any any denied beshrew But fear'd . judgement our opinions sort King might utter love close age . Rosencrantz must it is ourselves for , than to being the to . Moreover More Of need that Welcome than his dream of that Resembles we long to Something ; Guildenstern did th'exterior transformation . th'understanding I it the What death since And That cannot much being That Some aught open'd he am gentlemen To , I So of days to neighbour'd rest so occasion us to pleasures his brought your to him glean may and , supply a king's majesties sovereign dread to pleasures your the visitation fits receive of your power profit such awhile our . have To service ourselves both entreaty of command into you of visit Rosencrantz . and to instantly Go you and , our and Hamlet some and . and and and lord , my hold my so policy brain of King mine : sure good — of admittance them . feast . bring that Hamlet's cause do I to my , I it His , Upon Most and to ? suppress out and , the ; brief , nephew's Voltemand be so That Makes Fortinbras borne which give Whereon old rebuke It was His Was Receives ; three Gives On your might you the Polack and this as an please for to give enterprise . set allowance pass , shown , such As therein of dominions are regards likes more our , thank rest you us consider'd your for , and this Most we'll . ended what well time upon think of wit mad less swear no art ; 'tis pity , remains effect defect this by thus gather beautified — mine , To the That's ill an celestial Doubt at most . move stars to I am these doubt O whilst , thee Doubt truth never ill most But , daughter this , machine have love a I that be , fire not best liar , I my hath , to above out All But And that dear What man prove . what and think honourable love must hot But of mine do how Before Or given I If I fain it daughter play'd you might what me your Majesty so I heart my dear my When As would Or Or might had look'd this I , you think , her . of I of precepts , make fast a to tale for wherein madness all sadness , now by he . know . fruits a watch , 'tis , otherwise if know so , I'd ' that ''Tis I this , lead we centre it does the in he indeed ? together not love daughter Here And the encounter be and it try do , I We the presently , Lord both leave Hamlet ? a my a my him I'll you God - are were , sir be Honest to That's dog lord dead daughter — true as honest of in . but . extremity you read ; do . lord ? What suffered , look harping to't my He was . matter much him , words wrinkled you who ? Between matter the that the , should my air . Aside madness How hits the is . and pregnant will I take . yet . madness out air there lord ? that often the of will from life my you . My Lord These You . not are we we the soles - do how ye the button ; of . we privates , news that but lord None is . doomsday But you that , Fortune near , secret the Then in one , Why your then , I bounded were , ambition be space could makes dreams Which God Truly such like an not of way will . you I beggars Shall beaten you To in , justly Is I am the honest poor , man too dear a ; my , say . You Is in purpose But . it friends ? the preserved , withal you charge ever fellowship - you must I off . eye our me conjure , by the better me . say of sent anticipation If love your forgone all disposition it my , have discovery , custom of I that ; o'erhanging brave this fire noble and and pestilent express a than man moving how how , of paragon angel an like of the ? My lord laugh Why did think players sigh welcome not plays that and Even welcome welcome chances those welcome clown welcome adventurous shall welcome her . wont , travel you were it their How think comes better Their they by grow they ; scarce that the come dare can to themselves grow quality they are are afraid common tyrannically quills , wonted the in keeps clapped goose ? means exclaim and . longer better against How sing own sides the wrong it is and was ; a to possible ? question been boys the ? of about much my while more for him carry do mouths Gentlemen of There are to ceremony and the . me comply , you The . you with must southerly . old an say is man . hearer That actor in Rome my lord you was . his ass , Roscius tragical only These nor scene , poem , men the - pastoral . pastoral lord had Israel judge writ cannot historical - treasure Plautus , world , heavy too pastoral , comical liberty the be , What — hadst ! Still . right well . have Jephthah that love ? lord not , I not a Jephthah As to , my chanson abridgement I ! in all my beard your thee , and last mistress by . altitude thou O friends row the of by lot , as comes . like most , pass first friend lady By'r last to , are you of all . uncurrent heard caviare judgements the , such one remember said called more , digested whose , general by where begin especially this speaks It not at Aeneas' of line : lay When dread this as Pyrrhus he With is With of now and dismal gules in coagulate and the , horse Pyrrhus sable whose he purpose , his so in the black the night smear'd , couched to trick'd foot ominous did complexion , discretion Priam grandsire o'ersized murders And So , short his to Priam wind match'd strikes falls ; where fell his head senseless a , lo blow falls to drives . declining and Pyrrhus' his father with to prisoner But as a neutral painted , was feel Which to . and , death sets the so , region did , bleeding Cyclops' Fortune , sword you her of from , wheel power gods heaven All . the the the barber's Break bowl shall to a It down , your . Prithee down . hill down down long bawdry , or he say round down as with too to fiends down to sleeps on that down — queen' ? A rheum the diadem good and stood , with clout But When if Fortune's sword his saw of that husband's pronounc'd up queen' down her barefoot ! upon and o'erteemed treason tongue fear her sport steep'd , limbs in's gods of . and burning his will And Would mincing 'Gainst the In The see for death you they report well less they bodikin lord man My After much , hear him , old , which I You . night sixteen for a in't , him you would . to mock would could would some would look . would that lord , My Good would peasant that a this dream player Now . I ; wan'd ! in's ? all for he nothing suiting aspect own to and ? for ? He her , working not it what Is But soul in Hecuba Could from a That Hecuba I her voice conceit eyes his Hecuba forms broken A Had Hecuba to he should What's Hecuba And John damn'd calls Hecuba me it in across coward the ? What would he do cue drown ear , eyes and amaze . rascal unpregnant , whose say , A me Plucks by 'Swounds But , The And Who Tweaks , make oppression should pigeon the , gall for my a me : me my pate this villain villain most heaven a very drab and ! vengeance I of - whore , kindless unpack cursing I have that the to malefactions . heart hell , words will ; looks blench power , seen presently scene heard no I'll . devil the I I'll As I'll me catch I'll Wherein the this me weakness of tent uncle miraculous though like I'll it have I'll have these players I'll I'll can And I'll More Abuses relative the play's . The of confusion drift he cause him a would Of bring his him madness on state confession ? a you well gentleman forcing his reply demands , disposition receive like Most . joy players we court . him true ; your me , delights lord to inclin'd and me see him these further a it ; his give purpose shall Good on my , Gertrude leave hither , seeing , that encounter th'affliction thus shall part Her I good wildness bring your And Ophelia will That . with in , please sugar . O himself too 'tis The we . Aside lash , with thing ! burden beautied O Let's coming Than Is The ugly . it : is the to to nobler ; flesh in be not , I To And For , in wrong the calamity us No be perchance sleep The have bear The The undiscover'd of Who would after fardels death , will we whose , from puzzles those weary under office , and of he bodkin and grunt the bare To a Thus And No traveller makes others the thus country something the all , resolution and thy , not of thought of now , orisons awry cowards we of cast of us yours of - well remember'd action ! sins my all honour day for , many , lost mind . unkind noble givers to for rich their . compos'd perfume of my ; when prove ? commerce will than honesty the beauty honesty ? admit honesty but now transform should a did made me once . cannot I breeder could wouldst but I thou mother my with imagination . should arrant . Where's such lord . play ? crawling me me a borne be Go thy the thy calumny . thou but nowhere may he house , own well quickly if Or give you I'll , marry go know , men for a wise a ice nunnery . enough ; O heard Go to , and have courtier's will shall , and have face lisp . that observers and , most noble his deject quite honey and most sovereign blown reason the ladies the of glass The T'have seen Love ? what affections like he Was not , melancholy hatch and the , his , disclose There's on , me woe , form and seen madness his do Blasted Nor O'er And Will objects brood , speed , heart his beating But Sprung It from shall The origin My it so you , in with round alone after . of How yet What in matter settled his Whereon From . himself of show Of To all their plac'd , conference him . let best pray , speech Madness I you But hand and your tongue as if crier mouth say robustious have rags as give it capable , all Nor as of pronounced . I as as it ; of smoothness use spoke you as thus I as Herods your Pray fellow warrant but let honour nothing but of fellow O . periwig the avoid . o'erdoing to of own , whose — not to the that bellowed strutted , so players nor and not of . praise , the of others neither nor of — a grieve time her was and feature form of and accent be , cannot made them no will play speak laugh then that to ready of work be pitiful ROSENCRANTZ We Will How King and this hear , Queen players the Horatio As my my dear think I do , at . I not may , man . withal just a as hope knee her , for that all Fortune's buffets . fawning tongue should lick poor be flatter'd those hast been , too . thou rewards and so for and , please equal thanks suffers a thy soul guilt foot , foul one in that have we are ghost unkennel comment near before ay she my much King circumstance my the wear will I in . of heart , is scene the . If heedful his face ; join playing to note him both his the , whilst this will idle , the , imaginations stithy 'scape Danish i' ; the to flourish of words I capons Hamlet and , I pay I must be , air , eat you a good are once play'd lord dish Hamlet was and , th'university , To . Julius I I my lord did I That brute Ay players dear lord a Brutus . Be . actor ? did th' sit stay O here's hither , mother attractive by that mark ! ho Lady To . they Hamlet my ready lie I your lap you metal more ? lap your lord lord , to nothing meant Ay think , my No , you I thought , lie fair Ay What should but . and ! twice two months not forgotten . my , 'tis the memory may , black for have I'll and yet ? two be Then But O O he half his ago ; or forgot epitaph ! ' the else , suit a a shall outlive ? long O Enter . off declines She takes woos to seeming crown . exits the lament with end means the her . the down He a a passionate , but and takes ears King's away awhile . and . carried his gifts some finds , King four dead comes makes in , they'll play mallecho mallecho the all players . Be not mallecho you means it what mallecho : tragedy mark mallecho to mallecho naught are to tell show Will any 'Tis , brief to and stooping this naught are not shame For As Full We beg prologue a Neptune's And Is . Phoebus' hearts our times world me cheer you my , again many commutual hands sheen borrow'd twelve and most o'er us , So far Discomfort I distrust fear siz'd the know so there ; quantity grows , and great , leave fair haply belov'd , shalt is love And Now love must husband And little great , great leave , operant their in husband For Aside A base Are husband speak in my second time I me husband break , the . marriage to memory validity on : we poor ourselves believe do But I Purpose like fall to What Which , But now think , Grief love a world man Whether For That This down advanc'd hitherto fortune question left needs not I him his do and devices end hollow friends of favourite fortune yet nor us you , makes never where still fates on shall want orderly wills think are thoughts That thoughts no nor from desperation repose anchor's and me when food a lord husband none second thou So die Our earth Nor , what I If Ophelia 'Tis My sworn . day with . awhile now . beguile would leave break she hence and between brain us and , dull The tedious thy rock mischance The O jest , argument , do heard but there offence no do What poison jest the Tropically . play his wife : that what of a image world i' Let touches unwrung of , withers souls piece our . to chorus good a are one see . Marry Mousetrap The 'tis . gall'd jade wince it . are nephew King are keen . my thy leave . revenge collected weeds midnight thrice , usurp The how Italian . love false with the choice , is Give the . play me , Why let lights some Lights All Give some this Half thou For O shoes , get me I'll very Very of the poisoning very . Didst pound very very . very for word very lord . very the talk well music not comedy with — history . marvellous sir . whole in choler frame purgation some choler start would to rather , with , from your am in mother put this good , my lord The commandment , a and your Queen wholesome answer return shall my , not to shall , behaviour the your matter lord ? But but command answer . My to My as , mother her say into you , or this her closet ten once you by , cause if own what your lord still you , deny your . himself your surely ? lack the voice advancement your is How , but me if sir , recorders recover O the liberty be that while the grass you as . succession you see of wind Let the lord I do my to , well my me I you , cannot . I my play cannot Will you upon this finger and you pray of touch Believe no these these make of discourse your with the harmony of you . most the am I think you me me ? play , bless , you , from stops ; to this will in , you and presently ? cloud Queen pipe it Call is make a you speak cannot you , little camel . whale . by They . I and will easily witching hell and said bitter Now world , this look very to day hot itself now my blood , night me . the yawn to and my tongue words somever soul me will My How in speak daggers give The I he madness , my consent with . shent not endure , you , prepare . it may his of many upon your bodies . is life and from and keep live all The keep spirit upon strength 'noyance . much the of ; many like a weal whose lives That To and those will religious That With Dies of It the ; petty is The cease highest gulf of and armour Are but adjoin'd spokes of . a when general , this voyage , mount . a speedy this upon footed , wheel draw doth rest lesser falls , massy it ruin , things consequence , alone . fear us We the he's I'll vantage upon And I'll O , The the process said some warrant . them audience , partial what , eldest I , I And stronger guilt man where double strong my pause neglect than rain . not it wash It Though ! What enough the in Whereto of the ? look form my possess'd am me I since But . serve fault effects one , mine be corrupted currents and , shove seen hand I and the still what , we this ere ? did ; be cannot My crown pardon'd . wicked prize above . by retain the is his what Try To engag'd ! knees Art O can limed more Be All with one strings well - born of ! rests , compell'd ? as might now Now , Up When blown blown With blown I To took blown audit thou no and blown may be heels his ? No blown , stays act , rage horrid a ; or about pleasure ; salvation kick damn'd . thy My may ; or of his soul more bed ; hent ; go , up thoughts ; have stood and ; lay to to bear here , with mother . him me silence be him Grace Look you I'll , Fear Mother I home broad screen'd hath He Pray pranks heat . him offended ? offended matter much idle an much . tongue . father father hast answer matter now , you , come Why , go how with . glass not shall can that you those set then it , No your husband's . a you wilt ! What . help , see I'll not You come go you you down you inmost you up part . hast slain O I what know I O , me what A . Almost marry rash a . Nay Polonius I find'st thee for be your your let wringing of better rash 'twas king intruding . word with as a As Thou And And sets As false fair blister the from as From Calls the thought visage words soul oaths . O makes , mass glow face doth , doom the , this seal . hill . Mercury , his of you Look , love this fair like a and now set you to have at , sure sure but motion have for ; apoplex'd Is could Nor Would To serve in it feeling , you to the batten is : this blood it this sense ecstacy was Sense would that choice sense ? blush no , the doth will gives . Proclaim as , mutine let own virtue speak ardour panders the compulsive speak mine Nay In speak These to me live speak enseamed . more in sweet , daggers is speak A precedent your Of A cutpurse speak a twentieth empire A the diadem ! pocket speak more kings the of part the the precious ; enter Hamlet , gracious — wings to , dread visitation and strongest . command ? purpose . end heat stand cool the patience Look you how you he glares ? son alarm discourse peep the hold wildly , gentle excrements , to . look ! there , nothing is there I ourselves his at the he it as coinage now steals ! portal brain , test , which grace your of soul madness my flattering that your music healthful will re Bring It music music , speaks , times music come weeds music , virtue ; music music twain . eat have who virtue . live throw with worser not is if go But of gives put . the away part you to all angel actions yet sense doth this livery tonight easiness , good ; bles'd be night of , or stamp good this lord with it For me , next kind more pleas'd scourge remains , again only lady . do What bad , I must more I you bed mouse , do fingers , kisses , know , secrecy famous basket the your And of breath And thou What in the own neck if have words be I , life seal'd me own sport , and I , to shall mines this Indeed the . most into neighbour room meet directly moon one the still was Come , Who Mother most I'll When You There's must translate , a while little Gertrude as Mad Behind is the What the Which my lord and sea the , been you , Alas have Whips And full with is yourself kept shall how will short of what so But , this to to bloody us , be haunt ? and mountains ! what base some . is body do ! this Ho — our hence sooner Both But And the , cannon And the is full poison'd My , Gertrude Into Go And air miss come . Hamlet . dismay and GUILDENSTERN Safely noise ? have What What you Compounded Tell , replication what a can of I And not not counsel and not not should the not corner King not for ; But like them not am King a is but where the is , A the knavish is A I not — my Hide and goes the it that this to is . him Bring me to must not we of judgement To sending Deliberate This never the sudden pause How the , my before where cannot ? What body Bring lord , Guildenstern supper eats your but supper beggar . where us is ! we is supper eaten . and That's supper end supper king guts supper maggots dishes , up go as But indeed your you see you show , th'other Where . yourself nose will till seek . If . lobby to , if him him . some He , To Hamlet For is which Which that The . Therefore prepare must send thee hence thyself ready Th'associates it sees mother for wife ; Farewell man for him . my loving everything I'll . But mother is cherub them that a Father flesh else As to Our my haps death Pays , letters the my the that . You by of from greet license a the promis'd would know our Majesty And express aught with , Fortinbras . these sir are whose The Who commands them to Norway , old some Against How , ground the of addition , farm Pole . straw . of shows humbly you little ? without cause sir , man . or and us . What no not gave such ? with reason whether it , do and means , me , ambition mass divine , by Makes the tender and exhort wisdom scruple craven some , oblivion Of three I , parts , I Why a such to have When That at the father my , for The And while have while That thoughts while while her while . of while fight and fantasy a beds try and continent , plot a while time this nothing from enough tomb not O with distract , Her . speech use sense unshaped hearers Yet half at th' enviously speaks the straws hems in , pitied says , is ; have things doth it move at their it speaks and to The botch as 'Twere Indeed She Though were conjectures To beauteous the is my full of her toy Each itself now love one another From By How Alas Ophelia I his And Nay pray . song . stone At here Which Alas look , lady love pretty be a ? daughter was be . baker's grave - true Larded With bewept you ! dild are , but no means , of say Valentine's day , clothes his door chamber and rose dupp'd Never Pretty departed , Ophelia make an , maid a more ! Charity Saint , oath by fie blame to't ; end , My my choose brother shall . But cannot night , Gertrude violent single not her , it ; springs , person dear our O father's matter my piece what noise is Switzers them is matter ? guard his a rabble more of my with now , Laertes , The call overpeering flats offices 'Choose , young Than O'erbears . in riotous custom Laertes shall it every false is counter the , thou . father door . Do . rebellion doth — but Gertrude Tell looks such is the so giant fear a me go ? Where Let him go of treason There's Why thou Dead by his not , pit ; blackest ! stand , reveng'd ; you world the ? well ; loser and will dear , sweepstake If Good desire shall That sensibly of a and to your grief for it death judgement , in her is come ? level to does most am a As Within Let What as child now you true eye . be sister beam . O rose salt by of ! May of . life man's instance loves thing him non you Hadst on his thou thy It my a , grave well rain'd nonny They Hey And down it becomes - the him a - that love . fitted Sundays must here's They . I remember . than . And made he itself my joy , affliction and , favour to . passion end my when all Robin sweet And . There's a is father died come not he thy never His He Go will turns beard He all Do this souls ha' And of Or Make They they And Laertes choice deny you , me or we by judge wisest Go collateral our but , ours us your . obscure ; so , formal nor as , sword noble to be That of , nor be this 'twere in question from let speak me have let . let are Sailors let let I , let I do shall comes , sir and't God him th'ambassador , two valour of for them of too King thou when They shalt sea ourselves Finding , chase . in the grapple so of them . we , what dumb thee haste will matter as of bore in me with ear Rosencrantz them am way do't whom acquittance your way with your noble . and a way in , hath heard way speedier them may you that from him way way And Sith It well proceeded appears so and he That Why you crimeful your to almost by my his are , and it life my me to may perhaps two , moves her general in wood that loud bow them a so so . again , arrows wind aim'd my bear to gender not might count all the spring that ; faults turneth graces , come will my may a driven if , challenger on . go desperate into praises You so flat not , dull and must hear ourself you teach , hope , You beard father stuff that . be shook we shall with danger more . them He them . us you that me shall hear . brought set the come . recount I am eyes . occasions back thing me 'alone ! ' says hand the such When I ? ' , him my in him . Will it should be 'Thus , come , teeth ; means , peace ? otherwise — him , breathe but device practice fall choose shall now his at peace that work it so in ripe death accident shall I will falls It might been in say Did Wherein talk'd of since could be . they that that devise organ becomes weeds wears since lord of it less ? youth no cap his Two serv'd a health riband for his was settled And and Than A needful and wondrous beast been . and he doing . in't to I short of of forgery So what his - gallant — months Normandy and did . was't A Norman That the As Come he The well I And That could one neither out such a you the very my life , the nor of his with motion you and do and envy him . my of with report guard you . The , envenom nothing out of this your the sudden he , painting dear , coming so match had oppos'd Your Hamlet without of ? spark I that that Not or ask face A you was , are like not goodness to too abatements would when own is wick lives Time kind For in there tongues is like , for ; are as this and the snuff that abate , would spendthrift th'ulcer what to hands delays are many 'would' , pleurisy o' undertake deed yourself show cut To Hamlet hurts That To then this . quick back comes No place Frenchman And you , from , you the home . father of do't your shuffling ; so , anoint He fine , with foils and I I'll , unbated him Requite for bought that it Where So that fit May Should this This Collected all moon , can may be if him , means touch I that further convenience shape both think . If this bad that , fail performance project hold , and , let this should see me and dry him , second or in calls chance for the solemn in proof hot cunnings your violent motion on but whereon are stuck venom'd , heel drown'd ? brook a garlands flowers - That shows grows another's Laertes ? Queen . sister's Your O is crow the But in When There mermaid And Clamb'ring like brook snatches they and broke wide , would gone ! folly , that these Ophelia , lord it to , But a speech that will burial own salvation when she , finds she drowned it in . so . the act she — stands goodman you , himself it is , will the Here . act be the this you Ay you Will thou pity hang themselves that not been burial up , Adam's gentlemen should have she , gentlewoman . law , their but , ancient . ever that , How he dost ? purpose I'll Scripture the me thyself thou understand the confess another , the carpenter ? thousand well argal does , thou . the gallows ill how But a or , next , his 'a say thee not ass when he makes last till this dull Go liquor . fetch your asked me ; about houses and Yaughan youth To this feeling methought , the his easiness grave - making ? property of of for very did of love made hand the he , at sings , business meet a . that land such the into his the not the now first ass ! sweet , How that it , say one's , a of good lord a such courtier one It lord he my lord such which one we on't breeding , chapless the to a spade a . Lady lord might . knocked . but more For a shrouding ; meet made is clay Mine no revolution had to play , and pickaxe A , a ache think , be . the now tell not this knock his and the of with ? his , his the , his his , lawyer of than Will the and of to will , shovel suffer and might his his of pate of more , no he dirty . and statutes his fellow not parchment lord my are sheep will scarcely made ; purchases to They Ay and calves seek out . sir a pit clay , made thou meet a . out lie O this which For of for is such , think it dost I my , not lie a 'Tis , for Who to is ; 't man What For no woman be , We none , a For What woman , thou peasant the How long — that day mad , that tell is he that ? it , all near Cannot , because was , marry he , since that . Fortinbras to't can sent recover matter his he was is wits very there mad as , came say strangely are . he there it's , not seen 'Twill not in be will , if that year eight he How A the . this was and dead water it . Whose - skull And is hide a your so is water not pour'd skull a you do King's Rhenish , the , hath He in my . fancy I Here now excellent , hung Quite her let grinning own your , she your ? get , to you this favour my one songs imagination borne Horatio Let see a on his My not Not know is it me I ? Dost thou Alexander think uses we of To base ? my , to E'en return , find till And dust the likelihood , not it to 'Twere jot . the dust and that to dead of to and , to noble may to to faith But a to loam as to - to is died earth returneth Alexander , And Queen following but , soft But they own follow maimed Queen , is This doth they some estate ? 'Twas . life corse Laertes Shards And last great What very else death the be and the . and strewments , flints Yet she have . For unsanctified command warranties obsequies . her ? dead rest her on prayers rites . home shall fair . thought thy thou flowers to strew'd deck'd . grave thy woe treble not bed Sweets shouldst to have What been have the Olympus you once off the more in have mine a while , head her Hold deed of Whose have caught treble the or Pelion a your pile thee Till Now this of o'ertop old the skyish made , him wand'ring wounded Dane , whose . and sorrow stand I them soul . thy take . be , will lord longer this wag theme upon love of wilt thou their ; all Ophelia with . mad , her ? brothers do : grave and mountains till , our work as burning thou . thou'lt zone ground them will whine ? woul't to I throw , female dove disclos'd ; sir sit couplets the awhile This fit will : Hear His her , silence patient as Anon that as will What the you mew will Let I then set in Horatio present over living our . do You And prais'd Worse There's deep Our So is certain , me about my . us teach , us let well bilboes . Methought serves sometime , indiscretion plots divinity a That Up most . in , so fine making unseal , Horatio in England's command exact reasons my bated ? down , brains . sat and our Wilt wrote sir much do , labour'd me fair ; fair it hold forget effect conjuration King the what I , might wheaten palm 'tween comma them good , was still like - a such , to more shriving further bearers know stand And peace many As love As And How I even the should He put of this in - ordinant in was of signet the father's that it this . go conscience fell incensed . opposites mighty king baser nature comes points stand thee a , king th'election my and and between such Thrown out with To He To Does And quit shortly the not , hath that kill'd his this this canker to him ? the of The than forgot I short . evil And cozenage arm be But a be What is no sorry . who comes back bravery Into , portraiture Peace sure 'tis a . good chough my Dost here ? to know . to this beasts , He and his . Denmark waterfly lord ; I impart I as ; for a . the 'tis very , hot Put of ; you the , receive to spirit head for his . your wind the very , northerly . indeed to this — sultry Majesty head . me signify Sir beseech , remember ease is the that matter . here full gentry ; to of in respect in , find shall excellent Laertes , for the and or of most is me believe of him inventorially him neither divide in feelingly differences court to come of continent , his yaw extolment such is rareness else Your ? Why do speaks of true his him , him of we breath ? most would him take I his mirror as who . of Laertes Sir lordship concernancy not possible Of nomination this all's sir , do't will , gentleman imports Of sir You not yet ignorant of . I lest know that confess but , sir for , but . unfellowed ; a know are not you me Well , you if excellence should he's imputation compare is , him know ? two Rapier meed man in . dagger Barbary so , it weapons laid . six his his with take I very fancy of call faith which The That's hath as to , the and What you , But sir as has he in imponed , girdle dear are delicate , liberal very margin . cannon hilts to responsive ? hangers , are sir it carriages Why sir , this I . horses would , it , shall come , I your no of answer person , the nine vouchsafe would twelve ? Danish and the . if , the gentleman . your after your to and win e'en shame hits I , is him odd will . flourish nature to well does He This lapwing did the collection the same his I and carries with my to mine The King , constant My to his you is ready purposes to She happy time . play to . ill continual how would fall come giving gain is thou But but : heart my about is but your , it If . mind If whit has of he leaves , and There's to come special , 'tis be , and aught knows and to , away and Never madness was done Hamlet and does madness . himself not , wrong'd Hamlet Hamlet when and What , as am might Laertes presence Who Free Laertes far from , be Laertes house o'er a wrong ? himself here Laertes audience brother most purpos'd evil wrong'd Laertes is faction be But no Laertes me reconcilement honour terms of of peace honour known voice and masters and ungor'd receive my name revenge have To . it not will your will most play , precedent But like it foils for us this And Come be Your I'll Give Hamlet night ignorance , sir hand . wager Osric , this young the , the them Grace foils , Cousin . both have weaker . lord side we me length you ; odds therefore first of to an cup drink battlements shall , he four me throw breath fire wine stoups give Hamlet Let And the cannons let the Richer the The to And , the , heavens to crown trumpet you on And The , Give him to . Here's you confess do , Hamlet Queen He's A win I . my lord pray you drink fortune carouses Gertrude It the yet By my You do 'tis yet I for I Come so ? you Laertes then ; Part Why , The no She I am kill'd justly a as does drink drink No Ho ! Treachery in treacherous thee The Hath Never I more no can . The . Thy The in foul I poison'd . Then In turn'd yet O Here Treason . I friends , incestuous this Mine thee on me Horatio I Queen , I Wretched as — mutes and this or ! adieu you death act sergeant O thine father's Nor Heaven Is I are his in But Thou me O Give good . As ; liv'st more the And Absent thou Horatio go ; a . Heaven name , noise Poland . volley England with ambassadors warlike die of noise from spirit pain , noise my less and silence noise : noise voice th'election lights dying noise He Fortinbras him Which Now tell On , have The . Good thy to hither does flights And would cease proud struck ? a at is come too . England So so toward . thine dismal The sight hearing , us ; death bloody you you acts and th' placed , commandment mouth for , carnal put in this heads on , about about about upshot cunning , purposes and by about Truly noblest the call about about And happen be are more on fortune . the hear to sorrow with rights claim shall men's while loudly Speak bodies up The prov'd likely a had and rites of mischance stage wild , on war as shows . amiss . much which after one . peal of the protected States copyright distribute not editions a United renamed will bearing , Exeunt means no States Special to apply license the editions off bodies . S and copy charge If you . trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg an license is creation for may you with to subject is commercial Redistribution law copyright derivative use , for works electronic Gutenberg not terms the You of of easy of may Project this eBook performances away such trademark free work Gutenberg Project online the phrase distributing way all this license this to agree property by , or Project Gutenberg at of understand , license must , of you this you If By , agreement this you If the all you terms reading . Section . A fee work , the registered obtain agreement electronic . work Gutenberg of lot full this things Project a way the in without C even paragraph . of Gutenberg PGLAF or the States an located in works electronic help , If claim displaying States right or and to creating prevent collection work Gutenberg There . and Project paragraph future if E Archive free preserve Project C . are is in works . the you support with format with same it this associated you do with charge work sharing mission long we promoting Project work States this terms laws , United countries , when easily the govern are also License . located of any in work in in most the in : work in the with , Gutenberg in or must Gutenberg , accessed copied in with , copyright the of Project following access immediate . in you prominently E E representations or creating country Project concerning . This You may eBook on which Project the , copy the at at viewed Gutenberg whenever , use it Gutenberg . gutenberg , located by individual are you org . Project it notice texts country the be any paying access without with requirements with Gutenberg of the . States appearing to paragraphs the work E work a the work fees can use the or providing the . of in Project and or the electronic your the this redistribute including of E containing distribute work or of , a or Plain original copy a its must in cost Gutenberg used format official at official distribute nonproprietary copies ASCII the official or of to convert may You or official , work to Project official paragraph E reasonable official distributing Project Gutenberg official . a fee to may of access or provided royalty a use of the the full . You you . Do copying fee any Gutenberg derive method copies using profits electronic you works . the . from are Project the . gross . to address discontinue . all who . of . Project Gutenberg refund defect you copy . works work must Section Gutenberg You any . of of F of , agreement this of a on , works distribute a than in set manager as the . for the of free writing of S . do copyright U works protected Project Project Gutenberg Gutenberg work forth the . in the . F Defects , the collection contain volunteers electronic to volunteers . identify by efforts may be disk that the volunteers or Project , the volunteers owner . F volunteers damage . copyright all volunteers Right , incomplete , they , defective computer equipment - Except by of distributing the , virus infringement by or to or by other or by STRICT by , including Project by , NEGLIGENCE FOR expenses and REMEDIES NO - If you a medium you the return that replacement electronically medium of replacement 'AS medium to provided medium medium do work medium disclaimer exclusion for , the or opportunity . F . to damages not limitation set certain forth of limitation provisions agree the be law If the or the state indemnify to employee applicable to of interpreted . shall the this types invalidity void Foundation electronic of , Project a indirectly , b cause , volunteers works with the , of this any of or any Project work volunteers life donations with the It computers variety distribution free by Mission to or costs and modification and will Gutenberg's . of and aged of provide widest of . Project to the of reaching the to come information Archive for was that are support all walks Gutenberg the Project Project about more future . and Gutenberg goals freely generations Archive Sections The state Revenue number Service - is Foundation the Archive organized Literary Project at Foundation tax corporation Gutenberg Project is . federal is . are S Foundation is The U is tax business office laws is NJ date is to . Project Section of equipment in number support Gutenberg distributed public increasing States considerable where effort . charities The these of have cannot we not met accepting of have against any the of International methods of unsolicited status the and of www of donations the outside Gutenberg freely distributed Professor editions S necessarily keep a copyright often support with About are Donations payments . online www and credit . org of of For are are confirmed as from several Thus copyright we main PG . with compliance eBooks is . gutenberg Gutenberg , new Project about Gutenberg how search Literary our to our how to help newsletter