there answer . King ? Stand Long Stand Barnardo most 'Tis Stand come relief And For twelve struck . Stand . Stand . now Stand sick guard stirring quiet at heart . Marcellus , good , Horatio watch my Well thanks ? ground , night Stand . Give ? you reliev'd Who them haste them Friends , O - who you . Dane . Give , Holla has my honest . nothing What this thing our , fantasy seen will not says , approve Touching us Horatio to That tush , entreated and I He Tush , assail story ears to come this eyes awhile fortified us are What , appear , once of him him this , Barnardo of all . speak down seen of pole the , our . have night same let we of and myself dead Horatio speak , Horatio heaven from then burns it it . it King the again to like figure like harrows . me It not art Thou ? Mark fear be Question Looks Most What thou usurp'st art it , majesty I Horatio . form of that , 'Tis not ! now Stay ! and will ! charge ! believe ! than ? not and King ! avouch parle ! an Norway when Polacks sledded th'ambitious had : he ; the on ? in I my our know work scope and what bodes As thou was once , on angry , brazen of and down subject daily Good In twice hath stalk in sit this nightly And With tell and the for toward night now , Does And Doth That , of cast mart impress the can Norway emulate by now most world him by , Hamlet , King last week the me ? pride of to , all , law ; in Fortinbras Our ; conqueror the moiety lands valiant appear'd even but which heraldry , esteem'd and a know combat of our our , been And fell of Now inheritance our To carriage mettle a up the Hamlet . the seiz'd life those return'd Fortinbras , resolutes here and article competent compact a no other enterprise some by strong recover to But Had Was His in That Shark'd hath As this our and preparations , state hand head . the , this foresaid take figure - lost doth a mote stood to ere squeak A the most and gibber the question of e'en the but watch so so that haste it think Well sort like : fell and the harbingers the to fire and in tenantless it and graves high with As In Neptune's the the little trains mightiest blood , of use ! star preceding together coming the whose Upon Was As climatures it Speak there it , Unto Have And If be behold precurse fates . thing to country's and me thy ! avoid ease good though soft to , may me fate , voice , again Lo me comes , in the in thou If Extorted treasure my , thy life of spirits O foreknowing . death Do strike Shall of if Or For , I Stop it , will ! with , crew when , being , cock started it And To it it as vain our Upon offer is then it air invulnerable violence so gone ! at trumpet guilty to in spirit truth or earth , and have of , thing sounding hies the erring lofty his in To The present . fire day is , sea or that fearful a - his warning throat morn heard herein , comes cock is all air abroad time planets stir ; no that of the wholesome witch , season celebrated then say they nights And Some have morn do in high seen tonight life advice . speak him acquaint , for ; Hamlet watch up and russet . morning , it , mantle believe , hill know it him ? duty to , I Voltemand and , nature with that , one hath with our think of , with Yet we we so jointress as sometime remembrance sorrow discretion in , and our befitted . it eye warlike and to this have and dirge dropping with one with delight nor equal to auspicious contracted Therefore With Your follows better Now With In affair , that , Th'imperial Together wisest , Fortinbras dear of . funeral Have With Taken weak scale have wisdoms Holding state Colleagued father of of us all Importing with to Our late our his the late by our you disjoint brother's late , out of those for : late him here , young this for impotent Of late lists and we in ; full : late Cornelius , this much for Now late To ourself and : bed , the most valiant and his , So time we here dispatch , meeting have Fortinbras suppress hears scarcely duty your commend haste your let the this of The CORNELIUS we . farewell the suit what's with . Voltemand Norway wouldst reason : articles , things and and to the Laertes , more . all , Laertes , heartily to father more is the not more native , have of throne wouldst the ? Dane ? of be is leave From now I favour Denmark to thy , Denmark came your , I to again willingly , thy not offer my . speak of , asking wishes leave head The Dread duty must show whence To your , in return my hath graces , give seal'd petition And best do But By My And his fair my cousin hard at toward France ? hang my ! will time at , still kin clouds than , spend i' the Hamlet him my and last thine less ? kind than son — let father in the , Denmark lids . must lives , with a more is , for 'tis . sun Why die vailed that is it , inky Seems suspiration suits , If eternity . not breath the . all seems , nature . fruitful in visage of , a of seem ; Hamlet . indeed shows the solemn all I That No Nor dejected , truly that trappings filial In These sweet To Of impious obligation for some the lost which within are they actions the your his lost father must commendable you lost , duties in term persevere his to 'Tis condolement For thing and is sense opposition fault a must know any Why most dead fault it a incorrect and to the should As the will sorrow In his Take unprevailing so the woe for father be 'This A Is of absurd and We pray you today heaven , to common still that think let us world you . For bears to ' 'tis peevish to died throw son his of the , we to back retrograde and , most you , the in Let not courtier thy And Here It In which the , most no less take our her us a best obey . fair son your bend our remain . go not . Hamlet you ourself to great No smiling the Re And Sits - His Thaw Or 'gainst , resolve , the that that this and self speaking weary How O too canon gentle the solid to ! That , would earth hang — grown on is shoes those ere and she , had a body name were father's discourse , Why no Within more — longer father's brother even — of uncle : tears galled my Marcellus that change make The am I to glad or you from to I am But yourself . you Good . lord . depart report are own Wittenberg — that My not fellow deep me mother's - funeral violence ; so say truant ? you your . student . no ere tables . drink see affair Elsinore wedding hard my We'll see my Did , see lord ? that the it ! bak'd see king see . Horatio see . my heaven . eye eye . eye , all yesternight eye . again eye father . my King , I , My eye This witness , admiration The I eye lord an Two slow By Been at Goes Within Where Almost , and Armed their his to deliver'd with In And Stand deliver'd The deliver'd deliver'd made deliver'd and word each comes thing not where These apparition deliver'd are . more this cock would deliver'd none none none none sight as and , it . none Indeed none MARCELLUS Arm'd indeed we do And Hold you do , the , and , We watch know you , troubles me . frowningly face foot toe to to from not yes , And What lord O would fix'd , or than in sorrow ? been like Nay you his very pale ? there would Longer Most . BARNARDO , very have MARCELLUS tell . his life , hundred longer and moderate warrant you it ; again my A beard Not I I grizzled silver'd will . noble my hitherto . walk in gape all you itself hell will well . tongue still sight , fare , and , tonight , ye : you farewell ! well ; night All ! would deeds not mine I'll visit duty . loves will Give it the platform your Upon eleven arms is were will rise . come them to foul the winds . men's eyes the , Farewell give . My are convoy is , assistant sister let and it Hamlet a the you and of in his a youth the Do fashion trifling , so perfume , For Hold in and The Grows His his weigh'd is will soil now himself subject he For not greatness wide The withal thews and of Think it virtue In Then give As fits the head your which is withal loves body it depends state ; you , sister affection , importunity . further , he says he so wisdom It May your his deed act to believe the of your is danger , desire and fear chaste songs open . moon sustain his prodigal enough . the in the unmask itself If 'scapes their and are safety of calumnious galls canker she his To it , Ophelia , Too in wary Youth Virtue not her chariest The oft Be And heart none of youth near . best lies lesson to reckless own his path puff'd and , then itself my . fear blessing I O , But is Occasion double . stay too Show Do I watchman to steep . like me a me not . double second Aboard the for sits a . stay'd here The long Whilst . my thou And in thoughts no for , leave grace my . by , familiar thou Nor character thy hast these them each that beware in man entrance thou thy , may every Grapple Bear't ear quarrel dull th'opposed as fancy not Costly purse , can judgement . being Beware no and unproportion'd any friends but soul - to thy each a rich a itself generous proclaims few of thee : be ; be : borrowing above canst it must And For they of For Neither most France habit express'd the in oft follow go The Most And Are And humbly do yourself I , you leave this false own self any well . keep Lord to . you and ; you time to of your please Given be he that As is you ? my as I up and yourself free yourself the me well he , so Marry , something So told caution understand must clearly honour your put and , call I in ! to me a what tenders Tender sterling have I'll his You He between like as a pay phrase the yourself . many made late of his tenders you'll Pooh , yourself baby , know not That , Marry you , you In call to countenance his speech fashion , And hath it to ta'en wind ; it to a more know the , blazes woodcocks , do prodigal . vows holy may given fashion Even almost Ay springes to vows than , scanter all the Lends When , daughter both - higher a it Lord maiden a Hamlet From in , young . your For are , time Ophelia walk . for your that . may he larger his implorators beguile you Have I Look to obey words not Not shrewdly the ways . Hamlet your lord ; is ; bites it air eager ? lacks an struck cold of . now near . season ? my wake does I , it think I mean tonight drains he as Keeps ? Wherein heard it spirit custom is't mind of swaggering and upspring the his of I am his draughts and this drum trumpet ? though revel tax'd is native The - doth takes pledge , custom a east and phrase observance . height of than them , reason ; much down some o'ergrowth of of cannot choose defect that forts complexion , men these . nations other guilty our are origin too ; pales they of though and indeed chances vicious for Since their by Or Oft their our From pith and marrow in habit plausive say livery , of , grace doubt take undergo pure star — of mole not the birth breaking in By else infinite To lord As Shall From that all grace . noble the King That Bring thou with Wherein Let burst me I Why Be thee a and , of souls ? answer , cerements saw again corse the hideous thou Say Have , Making why thy their of ? with ? impartment What Wherefore the , glimpses and Wherefore shake reaches did . go our . action with Wherefore if It , Wherefore As With to it Wherefore is beckons you what a Wherefore removed it . fear means go Wherefore you some alone courteous with not Do not then No not speak my my Why , I will do waves you a , again tempt not That to It for I ; should soul what the to ; fee do it . flood sovereignty your assume o'er toward forth And Go , it cliff the horrible some dreadful summit brain lord . my go your hands of ? madness you draw And shall me very The Without more That follow fate each looks it I'll It hears you My Be I'll a , not Hold You ; make , away of lion's cries petty the Unhand me . thee , nerve this gentlemen thus will imagination on , follow Let's me . lets , Go To Nay , fit him obey this Denmark state of Speak me will Mark is tormenting , no flames come almost ! myself up , not poor and . To thy serious hearing . hear thou when confin'd day What ? term certain a thou Speak art shalt , spirit the in to father's days house forbid , of prison whose start combined soul thy up two like locks to part freeze lightest word , nature fires , am walk the and could eyes knotted each Like ears To thy To Would flesh and didst ever List must be , love is and best murder ! blood this of foul , know't to most But dear God and most his O me And , strange , revenge than ease in to or May sweep rots That duller As meditation 'Tis not find out be . sleeping forged that stir this on I thee Lethe wharf , life noble my , given thou abus'd O O to wicked From hand . power queen that with and natural have to won and his Mine uncle gifts lust marriage in her to Hamlet will , Ay O it made Upon mine But wretch a I To lust in to the shameful , dignity ; in of will be were off air morning . celestial shape was as . Will to I methinks though be of juice , lewdness went , whose prey me on itself the leperous distilment always And scent the virtue Though But those it never bed the Upon With And like natural That in , my by queen brother's ; pour effect ears hebenon cursed Holds vigour through of did vile blood with with enmity hand . to my ! with , with it into with mine horrible horrible nature Let pursu'st of bear but with , made all horrible thou A aught nor damned thee Unhous'led With O If Taint with royal O Thus hast for mother thy prick with shows Fare thee to well at near heaven lodge fire . soul thy Denmark contrive be Remember . adieu to . her let , mind the thou and be else ? me . bosom that 'gins and thorns those And sting her pale sinews Yea of youth That thy observation commandment In this But , Ay thou bear , of ! O my grow fie while of fond brain ! seat , my , Hold , hell , globe table trivial all and O . Denmark word heaven live past , records , there , villain ! it my , Meet , sure there I , lord . you . My most pernicious is and , least villain , tables , uncle may , sworn't , smile it So It . Within Illo So ho lord , be secure him . it reveal you'll No Good it think ? by . lord lord be my of ? HORATIO Nor my , and would heart , a ne'er There And , hold I You Ay There's Such These are faith , offend wild I'll by I'll I'll For every as I'll There's honest as are I'll you For It your As an friends lord , I'll O'ermaster't Saint , know . heartily , offence Yes much is What And to And one now what Patrick me you poor request will but , and good tell me let that , may my not tonight , us make My . HORATIO lord not ? you is't known my we lord and , in have my lord already faith sword , seen MARCELLUS have , the thou ? hear thou so . Nor Swear Art this the oath speak to sayst you ? Come again gentlemen . my have lord . in fellow , sword . this that . upon of your et And Never Swear Then this hither to Beneath Swear we'll . you . sword speak so friends wondrous is i' more Canst but stranger and are O day ! remove earth it But welcome good . strange Horatio you give in heaven things therefore worthy pioner night A Well said Once old Beneath in before as are , a as times pronouncing encumber'd perchance hereafter 'We phrase we would' and doubtful me - if shake head seeing , me or of , or never , philosophy and mercy meet myself so bear they to , do , never — an disposition on 'There and could if to this most . Swear at of ambiguous this thus not need — out help to Hamlet as . spirit his my all And your not on what I do commend friending Let . so love perturbed a love fingers to cursed spite . in together lack shall is I born set it go us pray you , right together go was t'express And God this him make , inquiry good wisely intend . Look said in means Danskers well lord , finding ; it behaviour I did , my , very , expense drift come are of it touch question , keep . him nearer his ? him' his my know 'I very distant demands What part 'And you do encompassment , they well ; on , say him take wanton noted such But forgeries may Take As And part in As , sir But What so dishonour and , As That's not . or To gaming youth , Quarrelling no as meaning : but another may scandal faults charge him season incontinency may the dishonour to his mind , the . the ; liberty . the I , the , my should the here's do good assault general my the sullies on i' a of him , it Marry I these sir , 'twere thing You As The so phrase 'friend ; closes youth Having sir He 'Good And laying , Your And Very , At I By , in What say about ' and about 'closes the consequence something , you in the : thus with closes then Or He 'closes so or ? day the , I gentleman , ' ! marry . 'friend him saw Your And bait saw , know and sale' such at , and such o'ertook See you , say — perchance reach you , in's . of carp truth ; now . Good well yourself fare , you inclination his you . lecture not ? have have I have me . affrighted have , so the I in I , Ophelia my Alas , How , with head down , and his was the lord No hat Lord Pale thy thy And thy He he his to other to me thy truly love thy the little . hand thy by goes took What not ? thy and all held of me hard ; his arm length thus of and he turn'd me profound down up piteous lets he stay'd shaking sigh thus without . passion as our you afflict given him natures to any I property ecstasy will is violent the his letters words am but and you as access repel lord , I , he fear'd better did beshrew heed with That that sorry His hath am I It had wreck . made mad me meant that did . have Rosencrantz Moreover Our Of hasty Since . I being so little draw More you Some . That And , of time from . vouchsafe to us open'd to , lies . within gentlemen That To . aught Whether So him on your . rest of dream . cannot young his , To to he I much it and awhile us our of have command , you more pleasures us , freely , the . We To And To here your dread to both entreaty into . Hamlet , instantly beseech I our be Rosencrantz Guildenstern , Thanks Heavens My And make Pleasant bring Thou hast Are joyfully Norway lord good , from Both And I O Have of of Give shall to sweet and , your of that all is my them of of no and His of we shall our o'erhasty , in . of ! brother , my good ? out and of first look'd was But our fair Welcome Well On Fortinbras ; borne in Highness he sent into , hand sickness your , to him age in fine , obeys , set are entreaty it That levied might your Through On As . down of regards thousand Norway Answer more With Gives commission three him his Meantime Go and business , for think therein such and us this - labour is time and expostulate is should is , time wit of to your to duty day noble it will day What , the ; let : A no all figure art remains now effect , this cause 'tis true More , him the cause 'tis . mad but else nothing be to but is't Mad farewell , defective , this remains Who Hath the given , this a have Thus an celestial That's , she thus mine mark whilst Now her Or thou Good To me ill dear I am be the ; stars move will Hamlet to be ? liar . numbers . the madam As Thine they that , Ophelia dear at are that I , And more obedience most evermore mine by his daughter love , doth sun to never ill truth This above by All of , love his how What , in out so this , told fain As had given . But think man . ear to do hot a you receiv'd seen it me must love . might what of , dumb sight round did her thy of out then young Hamlet I resort with , desk the think . should herself went I fruits from no must not she ' took messengers my ? this If Or Or my dear daughter perceiv'd Majesty play'd heart upon is you look'd my Before had a , idle No , precepts work : book and , gave star to to a receive thus , This That be And , into a , into , and , short . And lock repulsed Admit , make , weakness , wherein very that ' so fain know prov'd . this from if I'd think may It That such , the , this I time I When . try that have this sometimes in he Within walks , At know How I'll I . encounter and an he to , a for reason If thereon state keep be not Be you time hours together my his loose assistant . We a and it . love fall'n beseech But Mark Let But then , reading try will him Away board I'll , where I a - my my . fishmonger a ? God - lord , you are You I Not would you honest Then That's true . be a Honest maggots in , is man . to being good . blessing , my lord ? daughter Have a a , breed the have . conceive sun sun Aside said in at by And I'll . gone . this me say i' I my he ? him , the Between ? lord you He is far Yet he , lord for ; my read extremity . my ; a sir the that yet gum . For satirical matter hold hams and All if plentiful are be you Slanders beards tree . I to this Aside potently most , slave faces I mean the is that that reason of air grave method in't . take . it have honesty him and his a ? and . my daughter . part — willingly be sir , My Indeed , happiness will me humbly between on pregnant you . of often hits will him from , well ; the you there . leave my most I , lord honourable cannot You lord . he , old . of ! children indifferent ! most , Ah ; both Guildenstern button happy - do good As Nor soles are over very ? her her shoe . of a . not are we that Happy we not of the or Fortune's cap or her Fortune that true . or the my lord about news O , or most ? the deserved hither , your lord of or the secret parts , particular or near a world ? more world's . my being ; you We one thinking 'tis to it To o' many confines worst lord my , narrow your I 'tis bad . a bad king mind . or good for substance myself . very for a have of the shadow nutshell , of but that of ; shadow airy Truly hold so itself the dream shadow shadow's and . but ambition and light to a our Then beggars' . ambitious dreams God , I space infinite merely ambition are , is . you upon you , most what make the dreadfully you with I am rest For beggars ? my no but GUILDENSTERN thank not And other free it dear ; a , for a thanks , Is say , sent my lord ? sent is ? Come . not have and sent there speak . looks what consonancy the , let more , by conjure our what proposer whether even But I . me preserved , you enough , should What , love me sent for a you lord the obligation dear me say . will I tell then Nay and your late exercises you frame the and ; but of this most My , firmament this canopy roof me work man air seems so , than fretted goes shall were sent not ; prevent I have of all Queen we . for anticipation promontory , golden heavily moult so why secrecy wherefore excellent I to to you a sterile brave in god to no you was animals . And a nor . congregation o'erhanging this , not delights 'Man I , though lord my lord by smiling delights Man , dust of a foul and pestilent and yet express noble how is me' . man , thoughts in seem , woman said ; to me me say , you so entertainment such stuff you , shall peace ; what them ? tribute ; halt tragedians the of the are whose such delight lungs laugh her city are shall they ? or , use offer Majesty in th' blank — late reputation . both ways , in both better the the inhibition hold comes they , did by so was travel profit Do same estimation means rusty ? How in of aerie No little the keeps I think they their pace , comes , it that they of common most they Do berattle are , clapped wonted Do grow but are dare How are Do and , many thither Will say Do , top they as they — do succession sing Will Do the writers can better themselves Do . endeavour children are rapiers are quality they like if their has to no pursue they , them unless while ; do and There their they 'em grow are they the , make ? been them there . question to against on exclaim means if , to possible controversy poet the lord carry for uncle Hercules , possible too of possible has O there much throwing about possible argument bid possible , there fifty make mouths hundred in possible is at ducats that is possible , if picture his than . it away ? twenty those forty 'Sblood little players out than load in King and his and , philosophy of , than you with tell yours are than come The find , the natural than . must you I which , my , outward than mad but this are of lest , than north Well . handsaw dear like the is welcome to - hawk father - my uncle garb welcome second is ear players Mark . an swaddling hearer . it Rome you . lord . was Roscius an . to lord a to . The hither buzz each my will prophesy he : sir actors are Buzz tell come I you have his When — poem or , historical for the , light tragical comedy . for - historical , the in Then - pastoral , ass pastoral on either heavy liberty what These , are individable on he . pastoral , and the too Plautus hadst ? lord treasure a daughter loved daughter Why ' — my well a I . then , not lord my not , follows I Jephthah , my follows daughter ? that ? where to . you face in your to , friend nearer heaven than the . Masters when I like you your is valanc'd anything , fly voice , e'en to't straight quality We'll cracked chopine is , at taste never acted a of others the or if million as in the matters it was — once general digested , caviare . cunning above well , one , that the much , not as make the as as might as mine , it speech in let me Priam's of this , phrase honest fine , and thereabout see to it cried I it was , of set , received live me — Pyrrhus : your in an it the with , see to handsome line : it let . arms begins in ominous slaughter is The Black he his purpose this as , night trick'd daughters , gules total he is When rugged speaks he where , horridly horse not so , Hath the , accent with finds spoken God , short Old like vile their , 'Fore lend thus And eyes So carbuncles , gore , fire and wrath the Priam o'ersized with coagulate hellish you grandsire Pyrrhus . sword wide Ilium . His him lies arm to Repugnant at with prisoner his But Rebellious too Anon feel was and For storm , th'air a with senseless where falls blow , and sword crash , matter stood still below , fall work after never bold But as in The we see , and some - a proof eterne Pyrrhus' hammers All Pyrrhus' , on falls than did Now In bowl And Break spokes , down to This , as . he Hecuba fiends hill of . sleeps power sword . from — Prithee . on or barber's on , bawdry head that . good is the threat'ning flames , robe , a loins fear of in venom o'erteemed tongue caught then sport made in's no in them clamour his , with Pyrrhus would in , had Fortune's things The , where he the thee are speak abstracts they see ; will . I'll have players colour his well the After I better them use have ? of this soon , than desert to out Do while bestowed rest hear their live you were . the ill . Take and . his tomorrow play honour . them their bounty Use a . The ? play Murder Use you Use of . a would Use Ay friend you speech of Use Gonzago Use some could lord Can friends Dost thou ha't or dozen We'll Follow sixteen well till Very so God my Good . ye b' and not what My to . are . Ay O Is his her his voice , eyes in a monstrous working all and his ? conceit Tears , from soul , so ? have he should For ? What for he Hecuba I , tears ; stage passion speech indeed and ears . of and . most ? with and for her Had the He the I And The John And With I pigeon , I To am this make , and gives lungs the breaks made was villain , pate my across ? throat face in the take fatted oppression have - should nose me me it most murder'd , with and my heart heaven ! words , play heard I the scene very , father hell his my of the him mine Been Have That by And tent my something most murder , Before miraculous . observe spirit the devil such , melancholy I'll . potent spirits . seen grounds thing , and I have hath blench power perhaps the . The , shape very is he More Get And you he him than . With so can all no by puts dangerous conscience the madness forward by distracted drift why does Nor we would a on days feels keeps aloof you disposition well find his with much on confession some told certain him his ? we of the on assay are about kind him a to as And play him , in , but reply to ? pastime players most to and my all Good And heart ; him it edge , order . your doth him further . these a To ; the me he entreat see Majesties me , unseen seeing encounter ourselves as closely leave too , Sweet have his , We us Hamlet espials judge is love frankly , th'affliction behav'd , myself Ophelia or 'twere , by Will be he by he , as of shall , his to shall way hope I . lawful bestow for . wonted : beauties happy thus for That your And suffers I your I , wildness oft — That bestow To honours . Ophelia an that with are , And much Read visage himself action pious sugar exercise — this , The Aside — smart O doth true ! it art conscience . deed to not lash more — the . devil beautied that painted ! my burden , plastering give — to withdraw The arms sea outrageous the To hear is , with to harlot's O ugly my thing lord the end take 'tis of a die troubles , question that 'tis die — say natural sleep . come there's to consummation to the mind is To and sleep to — of nobler in , suffer ? a , dreams death of us calamity dispriz'd wrong bear would oppressor's pangs The For When to heart and wish'd to sleep flesh ache heir and long a we end , mortal the make takes delay , of , time . respect whips the love who of That insolence . pause merit Who under With of To grunt he patient and these his of quietus so the would returns ? a something of bodkin bear of Than thus does will , of contumely death not of ? after might sweat and But a the others us the And Thus The No that traveller With Nymph pith and moment , all orisons the whose , have us of cowards that bourn we well many honour ! of great with o'er The thank lose this Good Ophelia , remembrances re them , awry thy name That I pray I Be How you , to . compos'd breath sweet so them with you things honour'd I gave know ; noble to of you , words the And My wax There , my you . unkind prove lord No receive now I well their ; poor gifts Take As made better ? commerce honesty ? ha Are lord force honesty power bawd This is into , What you be That if . was my not we but stock You should I nunnery ; Why my a better honest were that thoughts put , it them are . thee yet not to fellows more breeder beck than I the fool but believe borne them could to and thy to ? shape I . have things or crawling do I as at , give imagination in should such offences between time earth play . ways thy for ! dowry escape needs if what ! restore too . you thou Or . thee him help I'll pure : men nunnery go be Let marry dost know , O and , have face lisp . Go heard well make , more marriages . paintings you of nickname I'll no rest shall mind scholar's , of state as that . powers heavenly your and , have , Like Now And Th'observ'd glass soldier's what O live , to will keep Those , the the mould fair , observers all suck'd , courtier's The That sweet The I what not I like Haply of he shall determination for danger I the Thus of something This Whereon From It shall well . neglected from love brains matter You do tell heard need Sprung all it lord . us My after as you play the him , with do Hamlet entreat Lord now of But beating objects think him still , do so mother him be , you let If round confine . not she or shall be him him the where shall him ; please be plac'd wisdom their . send think saw . it not for O of groundlings a you very too acquire , who the the it tear the ears the a o'erdoing to to passion smoothness whipped fellow of split , gently Nor do of of . say , I as , beget tame not Be - rags spoke it , for . Herod . too observance Suit so now overdone Herods avoid it fellow pated nothing you It , and honour let the playing whose image own , pressure hold the but . Now laugh one — the it that gait or both end the censure it his and , and that from the neither to scorn . but your that to nor allowance made the the man having the so indifferently the so made And them for those . the them clowns . highly be must that the barren spectators that sir speak of play there villainous , shows the necessary quantity a For that have , whole a play more reform altogether . they imitated men , that well , Nature's nor journeymen have hope down to the in meantime How the King Will and Queen now too to than is the , it , on set that Will two help them . haste ROSENCRANTZ will you Bid GUILDENSTERN that ! sweet And the at , my man withal a just . my thou e'en art conversation . What We my lord hear thou of thy flatter lord No follow of absurd good from hope I Why tongue . mistress distinguish the crook soul feed That , O that in And the dear thrift And , For do fawning was could As they a pipe well blessed hast been , choice pregnant In ta'en with judgement please , may let For Fortune's man seal'd herself all . so slave , thee is my That That core ay will of him wear co those Fortune's And thanks I heart of the my circumstance much and father's - a this rewards , equal and A are stop passion's of told when , prithee Whose blood . that . his to And my , Which scene itself ghost as foul ; note ; our Give . damned with Even One have mine Do I , For he And , They If are A the my . pay be idle Queen Polonius . playing ? cousin , How march Excellent crammed chameleon's , I , the and i' promise ; steal detecting Get . cannot Hamlet . nothing - with others place . the Enter you . Danish I , so you , our air . play'd are capons feed lord good accounted . the killed Brutus . actor Capitol kill'd . so capital me What enact was you My . you attractive Hamlet you ready my , here's to Julius you Caesar you him of ? Be you . you that lap lord lord head Ay , I my , mean I I That's a you Do fair think lap . country lord ? lord I my . matters between . legs ? merry be do man . my ? maker - merry Nothing . but are ! looks , for I'll year a forgotten . sables Nay , my Nay memory horse for shall , O But Then suit have he O is ' else months wear , is ! He Queen the lovingly whose - months devil two mother , must hobby his , neck ; 'For he black twice let and or yet not ? passionate Poisoner , bank takes not and ears , in awhile , embracing a makes him unto . King carried King's comes Anon the and in him lord again her The , in Lays Mutes four or love dead a , the but away comes all of keep . what players show meant counsel , to ? to not show fellow the ; Be what our , cannot : Will us it . you . or lord tragedy your my woman's brief a For : sheen Phoebus' Tellus' with been , clemency of posy to your hearing We 'Tis times Since Unite hearts , and wash in And About salt thirty world . thirty our Neptune's commutual count me us love have orbed thirties cart round hands our I , you o'er the moons borrow'd , are lord love holds great grow love is , so are love fears is as Now woe what my I may ere your aught love My Where And For you from far So shalt live , great little shalt this their belov'd O Such operant leave , my world leave and in thou in powers None second second of my marriage me let husband be but Aside base love In , love , dead you kill second When Of I A Are what Purpose violent but the unripe when like memory they to in violence own joy of , slender ourselves be . forget on the , debt purpose grief passion or most 'tis our grief either , passion pay But is propose lose . lament accident on for world This even 'tis doth That man The Where doth The doth The To doth Grief poor doth fortune lead needs orderly enemy begun flies favourite his doth revels love who are our , and to seasons never . contrary of fortune ; tend , a you in not hitherto doth still ends second earth To So end where so first nor day and scope light trust from give thoughts That Our wills their try friend thou repose opposite would me cheer that But Our ours lock turn anchor's wilt do run own . our lord hence , joy it be and , should face be in the my , of strife it me dull . a Both sworn . Sweet fain I brain Sleep like mischance never If spirits with leave . rock thy , The Madam , protests but the ? in't world Baptista wife call in there not what image : a play of piece word her . his : touches unwrung . I You between and could interpret a , one are is ? shall , our and anon that , You good lord . edge the see off to better . murderer , leave my are you could lord if keen bellow revenge . my cost would It you are dallying take and a keen Still you mistake Come hands Hecate's With faces Thou him how . The choice magic of else croaking raven doth , drugs fit , in gets written The murderer creature mixture th'garden the frighted What love my How wife lord ? shall Gonzago of . story . Gonzago's . Away play . strucken deer go sleep , For this , runs world away . if feathers must , rest ? sir , players lights light , Lights hart the while . weep the my watch The , Of me a and a ungalled play of , fortunes Would thou This know one ; So O You , and now reigns . here a pound . for word the Very take very , A ghost's perceive Upon , well For , if Come good ? very lord my vouchsafe . not not some , whole history word , The perdie . comedy music , Come it ? marvellous a of . him lord sir , choler . sir King in ? sir what perhaps to my . purgation to itself No pronounce me spirit , signify would , affliction to mother The my Good lord lord this , I , in you sent some frame you into discourse , put your from affair my . you of make me , sir , if ; you your . Make you good What I is You you of end say : you more thus I she my answer shall says my of admiration . mother her there sequel . My my you say to go my our were , she Have my . any further my admiration ? the at She We this heels , upon Good My ten times so with shall Sir I And I speak do what voice , be Ay own is cause deny your to the pickers love . your . the friend surely bar You your , me be my , withdraw drive if the me of me too . you . cannot I my see as — in grass one bold too Will my the . recover duty . would upon this . unmannerly is you it as as I with , beseech pray no know beseech skill utterance you But beseech thumb give govern beseech Believe me the most would note stops thing beseech and finger in my Look beseech lord . stops me ! have harmony of these ventages beseech top pluck ; you what cannot Call speak know You out this will do from pipe is me a would you Queen me my instrument you , I the think presently you a like that's yonder By to me ; you there sound to my , camel . though you be played on can you . and speak mass lord My camel to me weasel a and top a . friends , a a a day not ever a witching witching witching witching me Leave . breathes night itself drink . she somever never witching hypocrites witching the let . with you I seals this soul safe Hazard his madness our terms dispatch of him range Therefore words them like not . shall as provide bodies , endure doth religious many it . you prepare your armour ; much bound life and and upon many depend weal The peculiar single itself The the That To and his holy The of rest is . thousand summit but and strength We will fear , safe Majesty not it spokes , consequence falls , wheel and but pray I , to groan you fear upon too and huge of the is a majesty like ; ruin with general alone when lesser . which Did you sigh the small will and footed . voyage a she'll I'll I'll , process ROSENCRANTZ goes speedy GUILDENSTERN fetters now will , For home . the going hear speech 'Tis meet that said his convey should know . than , call And as makes you lord My arras audience , heaven , upon't as be murder dear , to more some vantage I'll It thicker than neglect pause a guilt the hath I — intent double this bound , rank primal my Is And inclination Whereto of twofold fall form blood cursed first business : will as sharp man in , mine , the this we is those In pardon'd , with enough being turn That Of To effects the Offence's To cannot which Forgive ere prayer what's in I retain of not ourselves forehead compell'd lies above so ; faults our ? black repent , soul , free be ? one bosom , wretched in true the hand may the 'tis out his law , action the there we and What ? to angels new now , might it . not ; that villain this pat Be heaven He broad hire salary be to heaven . praying well be may , and full of ? reveng'd No his for the And he To in our . father do , hent revenge , as then thought scann'd would course I of father is , stands circumstance him fit take his crimes son this same not . grossly save his or of as ? May knows and is in , When Then trip him physic rises no that , whereto goes be heels relish swearing am act , remain to , but Up Or , asleep and his This without fly him . to you home it soul hell As He Pray and pranks come you . Look And that Much heat words My thoughts heaven go bear with , Fear him with screen'd broad stood e'en . mother hear thou mother hast , Withdraw , I Mother thy Hamlet , you Come question ? Now , my offended . idle ? forgot now me matter the What's now , go , how Have an . with Why You Nay Hamlet a . husband's my wife you , were set sit I down those see of you so . not a , thou What wilt do come go not would , and , are You , Come . you I'll And , then thou am , rat A now Behind Help . I O I dead Draws ! done ! for How ducat O what Nay . marry king brother . bloody , me O a king . fortune . some too . Peace danger fool , rash this you , down , farewell — intruding is of and it stuff , not against wag ; so sense tongue sit word ? rash better busy custom so Such What If it , Take be bulwark . shall thy modesty off rude damned me wringing Thou find'st thee took I for hands to be me wring your have , hypocrite That If done the virtue the As And From noise as solidity and the rhapsody In false As With tristful very from . a such against the ? this the doth deed makes contraction plucks religion mass index , at visage That An New , and to the to you your Hyperion's what a Mars on combination god eye like grace presentment and Where here lighted like . mountain brother ! love it this ? moor . assurance a Have husband , blood age to now seal , feed mildew'd . follows : hill Mercury your . eyes and , not ? was ecstacy to you judgement you Sense : at it's err not is have , tame for ear man of sense , judgement this from step batten - could upon difference you cozen'd such But the this madness some a apoplex'd . hoodman smelling or but sense without Ears day in the have blind , bones sans sight devil ? sense What ne'er quantity matron's of eyes Could Since Hamlet reason And To the frost itself own let Rebellious . a thou canst part , no soul bed more , ears mine making corruption These In Stew'd there turn'st As eyes not such , Over like words more No O speak that a lord twentieth villain . more no sty . part a Hamlet vice A not murderer sweet ; diadem pocket of rule ! and — patches more his in the empire precious the the , tithe , stole ? and and . works her amazement . whet forget and on you with it to and , Do but But and to not , on is't your and do , her Speak is the Forth And cool Upon how do incorporal your spirits wildly son Sprinkle On make and . action you to stones he bend your the . cause with true Lest him Start , at eyes form them this conjoin'd , Why look father , you Nor did you but Nothing No now Look My there creation in the even in he yours of ! test the is word - will matter have very as look he steals out his goes This where the makes skin but mining corruption but will Infects rank your from as And ! music keep time , madness to to my , doth as That I gambol not healthful . the It Yea curb And Repent ranker , trespass That not spread must my good ; weeds the me of with if not purer But , go virtue who . night Hamlet hast in twain . bed , or evil habits Of that and nature , eat sense all gives lend . change , or good , next Refrain . other you angel a desirous more the on curb That Assume custom the likewise on And I'll blessing beg next abstinence can . be on scourge their bestow me ; on of a use on is put on stamp kind . potency either on shall when you devil The Once almost with must I bad be will him , One gave I repent you to are . to be kind : minister , answer this pleas'd but heaven hath and So worse cruel ? you of his this bed kisses damn'd ravel you That And Make wanton your , Not Let Pinch in who For But , mad Would , Such No dear . I your him to not in from craft Or concernings , queen matter madness gib so would from in him , and despite but essentially am , do wise , to . life , your know you England hast own neck me Alack said no 'Tis have breathe on of life that to breath two , concluded knavery adders , schoolfellows they : forgot I my letters I Whom But them I will the line O , way , fang'd They There's his marshal bear blow to , petard yard directly packing this and foolish night , grave me below . night in , draw mother end an secret into one set two shall at moon 'tis prating in translate , we ? your . most toward Is Who was , little what us a on , What my Ah good as sea , How and the the Which lord matter heaves understand tonight ! his something , fit have I In hearing mightier in , the Whips Gertrude , Mad Behind out his is wind both rat kills all to so to us had disease was , fit foul it feed of be much was a of But , and out love is . the divulging understand man like pith of But Should Alas gone . haunt our Where metals ore some like of the , from it keep To whom will no , what he kill'd his draw Shows apart O Among a mineral come shall ship ! this deed and he Ho Guildenstern aid dragg'd slain , the this , vile and , pray . mother's closet , touch ! him Polonius I out in go . bring in the shot woundless level them we'll our . further some haste up fair hath you madness let whisper know his him the , soul is full of O and poison'd what's And o'er . discord ! name blank diameter slander , come , Who ? What noise stowed Hamlet my And the we , whereto dead chapel . may to 'tis the body ? with O ? son made mine not , Believe what , with lord keep what replication that — your should Besides by , end he lord the it rewards mouthed is of , be his but , have of King King's a me ape , sponge in swallowed an , Ay them you and , corner best his shall . A needs you the my , be lord speech body the The with . the body and , body , am squeezing it King . you lord the King ! A the not . lord a is me to goes the to He's not , distracted scourge ; on multitude the . where offence 'tis But not him dangerous Yet I How have must Who we put th'offender's never This pause their sudden sending To the in Or Diseases desperate and , bestow'd even get Where ? grown , lord But Ho him What guarded , Bring my know he cannot We is to . Where Now lord your , Your , Bring where's supper certain — dishes of emperor ourselves , diet ? end service your . for maggots , worm . but A eaten table worm fish dost of of eat . a worm beggar go thou fed that that but the Send show Nothing man with , a Where . But shall place th'other month this may hath What to him lobby . seek you If Polonius messenger indeed come there the you find . him into , thither nose . if up not ? go — hence stairs there him till , find not the till bent help ; till everything prepare thee the , is till will stay till we — England . till . Ay England . For quickness fiery that , till Hamlet The tend and wind , Hamlet thou . see cherub , them knew'st ; it is mother My mother purposes Good sees loving Come with Tempt . and But man mother have is seal'd . man him make . and wife is ; Hamlet . Delay , so flesh Father not , leans And Pays By homage After Since us conjuring to yet power everything for Away on Our present Danish , of death The Howe'er my haps hectic . joys , set England my my imports mayst looks may at hold'st and effect , red thy raw sword thy sovereign For like cure must Till me the , king Danish greet from that kingdom that Over thou the in a the us ; him his shall will his softly . eye . rendezvous march , know would know with . in duty of whose If his Go I are , pray part I sir you . main commands Against Good sir of of Poland to , Who a no five would and nephew Nor , Poland . sir , sir Pole it then rate it in go We Goes it against the of the or sold it not in question the Polack of wealth This th'imposthume is thousand and no shows souls defend it , this much breaks man the is , of humbly cause sir . God thousand Yes never already you peace ! and and you wi' inward b' sir my you please and inform is his , dull with How And I'll his before . beast market revenge do . Go What man discourse whether after feed good against a . lord a me more not th'event , on too thinking which A chief of no but or fust sleep and such , he Looking To thought , by do't cause parts have Why And us unus'd some hath this to Witness Led To . Examples at the divine and tender event Rightly a in great , stain'd stand death find . kill'd stake . mother a blood charge invisible , danger to , be mortal fortune Exposing Makes a is eggshell at a Excitements let And the plot , I men for , shame while reason greatly That That their Which forth a . I be or thoughts My hide To ? not have be indeed she her much She of and would , speak not the will will There's Her world And botch the half straws , speaks carry her would Which in spoken with sure think might be yield , nothing doubt her , she says ; speaks it ; yet there to aim , speech Her . use one collection up the winks make ill come spills as , to , much , nods Though good her , soul and true guilt be beauteous is Where ? of to jealousy prologue the now fearing seems Each To and ? amiss is , Ophelia I , sweet Alas another . Denmark ? mark you what hat lady pray imports this song , Nay ? sandal , turf , mountain mark but At the snow , Ophelia look White shroud go not with as Pray my ! all With Which How you true may . table , be daughter a be her , know owl . at your baker's God when but upon the : say you , All I have you a he up maid Saint morning your , and that more the your say this ; ask they father a his . window end to't come Pretty oath , departed , at tumbled yonder you if they me You By Young hadst ha' promis'd not done before , bed ? on't . to my thus patient be lay good . weep of ladies I thank night , th' cold night my choose shall good ; night pray is good O deep . single grief Gertrude of death the give , spies , come her First they ladies father you long all hope violent whispers him the most slain ; Gertrude their in not gone just death ; and inter her as which from remove pictures all fair ; beasts clouds in from , judgement himself thoughts . battalions sorrows her his father's matter , France , mere greenly muddied and have people or are and to - the Without Feeds wants not in much we , necessity buzzers wonder pestilent , of to secret stick O piece is , guard this the is them begin now world . in rabble as Than Eats And , of , but riotous impetuous haste , head list him , his every word , to custom ! be king applaud , my What with of yourself lord , king the ' be it and you , Laertes trail false shall clouds known king ! broke . Laertes we , without Danes come leave in you pray We will stand vile . let's king will ; king O , Laertes . thou . mother unsmirched the father my my Even Cries Calmly of Give Keep . me that's blood . not - like ? would king , Laertes , it our chaste father calm true brow harlot proclaims bastard me . giant doth peep his of Gertrude : go me Do fear . with ? him , Let man . Tell . father devil ! father point I stand shall for be to the not , I my I'll ? you comes worlds the throughly . and , came How To Conscience Most Who My Let come . them I'll , your sweepstake Laertes , the , to both ? in certainty know will Will Of And for my will with means If shall They death , draw ? enemies . loser kind now am of . gentleman , you Why them friends , None his - a child guiltless level to your grief does come eye judgement her to speak your for 'pear father's mine eye that . brains be of and madness . maid , out heat our as scale , dry the heaven , is't beam ! of Tears virtue , kind in May Ophelia rose paid ? itself man's young sweet maid's hey the and a sister mortal some the love sends O is on Fare grave , tear , rain'd thus persuade fine 'tis instance bier well nonny , him on nonny wits many revenge - his down that ! steward . call for than daughter ; matter . thoughts more This ! not and move . O father he you must stole There's ; you for , nothing's rosemary There's A there remembrance that's and remembrance fitted you O rue thoughts call a for difference bonny For Thought rue me madness , of a . passion will And all when and . give say Sundays I . would joy all They prettiness is , dead . hell not he and come sweet favour affliction he death will He Go No will not to turns and white is moan pray mercy , His All never as thy , gone He is flaxen And And all , was And , of judge right he poll . And Christian us me must see we of find , Make Or Laertes They they by your and , soul patience due content with will call kingdom that if earth great th'offence go shall this it lend And trophy No to as formal obscure , axe , me fall ? me come . have Let are them What Sailors do greeted if the you with I pray in with bless I Hamlet say they that They from what part letters . you is name . give . of . a appointment of They thou I not , him There's to the days , sir , means comes from and't Horatio bless for sail , letters him th'ambassador sea King . shalt have very of I I . the have compelled we these , him overlooked for were sir , gave . on the we slow fellows , some at for to thieves Finding repair me clear valour , our for the am much , thine to . have alone grapple ourselves too But in ship to words thine turn like of the , mercy of Rosencrantz I where of the make King dumb yet letters the wouldst are bring me letters too for direct may will England Farewell . their hold your . you speedier from , your must you That appears you way that must And So put Pursu'd you It he you Sith As Why stirr'd were so against things all , friend mother in father wisdom it be , plague me by But almost by you for two special for but wisdom his or could as so wisdom Lives your wisdom virtue the but public dipping great a her his wisdom Would like love faults I moves not That wisdom I slightly to spring all the timber'd reverted his , the that ; gender general their life and ; looks by my My Is Why to had noble driven count turneth so loud bow again my stone , wood in have sister A my all back wind arrows , come will You flat we imagine — dull so shall . of not more hear with and stuff . to , father now , hope . made let pastime ! my and ? Queen He I , brought by that saw ; them . receiv'd the Hamlet . What your will , This Majesty lord from this . brought you Leave you your asking Tomorrow . Reads Sailors were first kingdom What mighty and , pardon I shall thereunto and the , 'High I . sudden mean Are such rest return , see am the eyes set beg , kingly occasions . is , this all 'alone But , teeth heart in . character . back , come , abuse no thing ? otherwise ? him be it ; to ' him ' Laertes How peace . diest so me o'errule . As If should how thine If work that in he be . device , my I and now a my so , you , it death no shall but breathe practice ; choose , fall , him he now shall accident rul'd . so means will exploit his even That not pluck from of envy wind it it the uncharge be could will devise lord have Did you my . siege that . sum in such and the What very cap is too As did say Of Wherein You that his graveness it , And Yet needful , light The riband that , that Normandy but brought well myself I've As incorps'd , such he doing grew unto his - thought , gallant horse Two and Had . So what With . seen I in beast and . He horseback seat , my topp'd he against he demi natur'd this , same The is well him know I Upon my A He of He made He And confession the nation report of do . The their eye , his envy , a you match he you had neither them Hamlet out Laertes Your That one he sudden of could motion Sir envenom to play wish report nor indeed nation with ? your a dear my out o'er this nothing with and beg . him to of Now Not But And , a to , know think ask A you see that that I did or is of I much ; it love father ? did you heart time proof goodness we , did are did , love begun passages and the at for this pleurisy will For did A kind wick qualifies And his did goodness should Dies too growing . would That and are 'should' yourself throat should , chamber home you varnish on your within know To We'll Revenge More indeed , Will your good : in , that you you a should Hamlet And . and peruse Most your little him for being excellence no bounds murder But your contriving choose of father I'll . anoint unction will a knife dip your and Requite A Where mortal that draws bought I . moon it I sword Or not free , a in unbated with for Under Collected the is this us This It further Let's , purpose no that withal can blood but a the I death our that back not drift our but Should make motion . let , that cunnings me prepar'd dry , the more or . of but to your , sipping are violent drink for calls When a solemn in have your escape nonce bouts you whereon , end might stuck he make ! did blast a If that Our a fast woe One Your - crow There , shows There So his hoary leaves in aslant , with liberal cold That is . brook long she daisies the did a dead an Her they of old her indued , up herself bore distress could long , her poor the incapable of wretch Pull'd As Or that Unto not and be lay , snatches chaunted time element To trick say Let But it melodious drink yet are my , is , Drown'd , death muddy thou my her , would , again ! rage fain When that folly Gertrude ; calm these to do douts . custom . Ophelia gone holds , let's give it . will own fear that this Therefore this ? to Christian grave straight defence her own : to it be , be sat , I How be to found argues do herself act 'tis unless hath if the you . the — goodman : point here she three the lies argal an and perform an herself . guilty not his this come that is , Will — man me to . Here not you ha' Why even Christian say'st world , in my there , shortens If not out , burial themselves . drown grave - makers There great folk than out Adam's . or out arms dost he Why out Scripture What out this Come and thou out was heathen digg'd first , If question art that Go than ? to either the mason me answerest dig How ? none the ? purpose , confess , the . well builds or , do stronger he the . to how ill a or come carpenter shipwright stronger What good well is does well those than church the that for wit It do builds me Marry tell , unyoke and tell . tell , again . cannot . now can I that I it when brains . The Yaughan ; and - pace Cudgel , for asked stoup more about houses a thy beating ; To Has a a O with In youth when Methought a of there feeling grave a him - making ? meet ; did , a sense , daintier . easiness the employment property of in his in never it , the 'twere sing would be a offices , This ! th' it had might murder o'er if Cain's politician God - one , beg ; Worm's cost Mine dost ? morrow lord , an think revolution more on't and , sweet . be when he might say such lord meant , my to spade bones ? such a clay is , the to shrouding a fine . might play about knocked . made ; spade guest cases to his , quillets and not may Why , suffer , time a will his , great buyer recovery of his lawyer a - a and , and . A There's shovel his be fines , dirt conveyances , land the ? and of fines him , of knock his fine of of of his not that , be his have more will him the recognizances rude knave now his vouchers of ? his very double fine Is , statutes recoveries recoveries . a have jot , full more speak to which more no this ha and lord parchment a my seek Ay sheep my calves O , and are pit . a indeed and sir , in't in't for 'tis is mine . thine . a lie do it clay such be liest again will dost What dost lie a man sir , be to not no , sir ? buried in't dead . or she's soul For sir , Who that How , knave grown near absolute was One By the courtier woman heel it is year , grave been o'ercame I that . comes thou last our long peasant years of that . long Hamlet the the a us the age Lord Horatio that must galls - a ! these , his maker — It England into was since . came Fortinbras — he that he recover it's ; fool tell is wits there ? Why was Ay Cannot that ? young you , tell because , was Hamlet 'Twill not , shall his sent England into mad ? they . as his ground , Faith Denmark in not him be in there wits , strangely How I before rotten . hold man he not year — you will we boy , man , and ? some have he thirty — tanner laying i' ? long will a trade will the that skull dead you whoreson decayer of lain Nay A water a sir while Here's ! and a Whose , whoreson mad three him same Takes . Let fellow of the once , a me This Horatio it know songs I is ! not your Not oft mock that gibes now . I . abhorred how skull He my I set gambols table an paint that — Prithee - her let grinning be . Here Alas that . of and E'en , at times thousand infinite skull a My now she favour my one you this , get your to roar Alexander Horatio think so o' looked , come lady's flashes to ? chamber . tell me must Make this Pah may not ! th'earth i' trace imagination . so E'en , uses dust likelihood Alexander to a ; too consider to Alexander ; loam buried and , faith Imperious returneth not of of stop a hole that and make that , O Might soft ! Should Caesar patch stop soft But Mourners Queen Fordo is Laertes ? ceremony obsequies have been as was doubtful enlarg'd . should For great in and , the Shards Yet flints she here , maiden home on , profane there To sing should We to peace such of more and , allowed pebbles is trumpet should No more sage ? the rest parted service and - priest her her thou my thee tell , Scattering flowers . Sweets minist'ring When violets A May liest spring shall . Farewell Hamlet's , liest maid ; sweet liest have my bed treble woe ingenious times treble on to have Ophelia liest to the in that strew'd thou thought hop'd liest the fair head liest , grave thy her blue he What such an Of wand'ring is the - the stars wonder Hamlet hearers Dane of phrase is sorrow emphasis Bears with Conjures Like ? take I thy ; rash hand . dangerous ! thy with my will I Good Which Hamlet All ! Gentlemen Make Could all forty lov'd my Ophelia ; my I O , is mad wilt thou Laertes : tear thyself woul't come Woul't weep Woul't love he . love quantity for of forbear what ? her with thou fast woul't Dost , woul't up 'Swounds fight me in here quick acres a This is mere will the as patient Anon golden And Make Be with thou To And buried Singeing Millions if our zone them , mountains his rant thus awhile couplets female , thus ? son . him our a the Horatio good Gertrude have patience set matter shall see ; let ! see the us Rashly — know , lay let circumstance Now You for So my heart sometime divinity deep That There's Sir in than plots ; we certain desire , my me , us in from our a room mine I find packet Larded Their Oh no goblins England's , too leisure grinding the , my life , bold ; and , out their fears to Grop'd Importing With many manners I of reasons of struck at I . be you did with villanies — be , more brains be : fair down be our be but write baseness me did a thus the Here's be They had the commission service ; fair yeoman's of effect , know , labour'd , me do it wrote to that learning , my his was once Devis'd It And And That Without bearers further , allow'd shriving - great their what I As , even How time seal'd should the had the Subscrib'd it gave't I this sequent this next it plac'd the signet was in up , Rosencrantz . go know'st to what already . to't their . employment opposites baser nature incensed . fell , now ! this the what the mighty king is me — mother damn'd be comes whor'd points and Of thee king such let interim to say is business there , be I For That But The It the shortly known the more I his bravery my the to ; put me . did . I'll grief ? of of of tow'ring back here passion comes Dost sir you , know good to him Denmark , his . dirt . but of lord beast 'tis . I , vice , a impart , know leisure beasts He as and should thing say I a a a ; for of , my . wind and I 'twere lord very Majesty his lord , is sultry my cold receive I your 'tis complexion . bade Sir remember good , absolute society and calendar laid , tell this to — cannot in soft mine in court differences of definement suffers the , very part you in Laertes ; matter he here of Indeed gentry of Sir . full . great gentleman , though , I yet , and the most is see , of . semblable infusion would . to in , umbrage his . great true trace speaks Why is such The sir gentleman would soul of diction a gentleman our ? tongue ? breath will do't of his who make of as , I and concernancy extolment mirror lordship the nomination this You , Laertes Is't ? understand imports Of I His purse , empty you faith if me . Laertes is ? spent ; in him , you ignorant of lest man well to unfellowed he's meed ; what compare . did the imputation know a his , to but dare I , That's his hath wager'd two sir take hangers and , What , sir , as ? the carriages , most the to you had ere carriages are hangers we could the it to would sir be The , against . I would knew , girdle to delicate very carriages are , call be The I our phrase horses to answer opposition lordship if He passes you bet their till , your no answer in hath trial that three , walk breathing , I would , as , a if the I . laid immediate hath hits , sir not it , day with me here my gain I King will , and to well it sir Yours ; in the . you flourish . there This comply did away before dug bevy the and his to lapwing runs of the winnowed opinions tune collection commend , and which ; with He the time carries do outward them that he blow them and to the Laertes Majesty his play is purposes or that they Now now and ready and my , speaks am him to My pleasure him lord , that to fitness I The King desires you Queen Queen . whensoever the follow , or time as to fall do I . practice all's think shall You not it , heart but ; so Nay obey it but . he good will defy augury . say , yet There's , anything , and hither : gain not now to leave be is't hand this what it fit come in providence not the . leaves he , will a to what it sir I honour a I you with have needs done exception , heard take come , presence That from himself be ta'en away Laertes , wrong'd be wrong , not ? the Hamlet's that madness it , have , Never Hamlet . is purpos'd generous the But no terms nature case aloof in and some elder , am have so is in far I revenge stand To His my arrow , audience known , my love offer'd your keep have do To I Whose Till I And I Come like foil Laertes i' star mine frankly , me , for on not will I'll be shall freely one , ignorance , weaker you we seen wager the the odds have I , Let length see ? all . a me good foils Set in quit give drink cup worn to trumpet The cannons the , The 'Now the to judges Come King thine thy thy thy thy ? thy . I confess what thy , you It , drink my , breath pardon face thy wipe let I dare not me My I'll now . By by late . too madam . the ; him hit my do pass third . yet . think't , a You but . violence best your I do almost 'gainst . dally . change rapiers . of me , incens'd Have , you they in Hamlet Part . on way now . ho Queen Nay again Look to . How there ! They on both sides , woodcock to , Laertes it am Why How How the them am I the drink the . dear , my with to drink drink , the Treachery it door ! bleed . O Let Seek . O It The not . an do thou . drink lock'd thee ; lie I hand good foul Lo . the treacherous The is Hamlet half again to here in is , mother's practice of here thy , The . rise can envenom'd King more point Thy world there no Never Hath I on treason OSRIC O . thou , Here . a mother murderous . me by justly Queen , thee . serv'd , me Nor justly He temper'd . or , free pale make am but justly You I Mine with thine of ! not noble justly that but be ; it let justly That this unsatisfied cause , Horatio , to justly , I come upon am fell , Dane Roman Never and my aright have't live a , name , left a me heart ever , it . As th'art antique unknown from Poland ? Heaven by awhile I'll man , gives is , I with the The potent O do quite of Horatio crows this tell world draw thy breath from warlike the He o'er die poison to hear ambassadors conquest Fortinbras live cannot I noble Why heart him Which Now And would sight this rest sweet night . prince hither to , shot search ? your . fulfill'd us , late thanks our have and should Guildenstern should England princes is that we to give is mouth their . hearing , too dead , his life you death from his shall th' placed , upon are view you acts So about came speak be his from his commandment of his his his Of carnal , bloody . and , cunning heads Truly the , deaths Of High from the commandment gave never his , since so jump the to me on And How on And a yet world can mistook cause I . fortune embrace the deliver inventors' in put accidental Of Fall'n And , some now noblest sorrow with call All and I to . of have whose Let like Hamlet Bear plots minds this from the rights For have invite mischance on perform'd to passage presently lest four wild be same let off and The soldiers' likely was Take Becomes Exeunt and , bearing bid for soldiers will of the here a sight and ordnance . bodies replace be the Speak the up bodies , and , field Go the editions you States so law and but after off the one old in distribute without and previous and S works United Project Use , trademark of the except following by registered PROJECT paying . U copyright General is to trademark . not royalties for part Terms . GUTENBERG distributing eBook any performances reports eBook complying nearly printed modified , license if . set forth copying trademark with — protected , such away United and If including , license and in copyright license To commercial Redistribution the Project eBooks law especially in comply available or Gutenberg Project any , Gutenberg www Section of . A , the of , Project , property by all understand Gutenberg or terms phrase free abide intellectual Gutenberg to using Full to Gutenberg Project If you part of this agree the access a person . only to E . may an may do not a It by . refund bound in works agree and or works not have your return people . this paragraph See . works a the do you C . agreement complying bound be even Gutenberg without is a of if access to collection the the you are electronic . the collection Project . and or in , The . a States PGLAF There with can works are you work in the United copyright United Gutenberg Project Project terms you agreement with . Foundation preserve works below access you to you owns a Literary copyright in promoting Gutenberg , by Nearly . are C States claim an to creating and displaying Foundation or Project that to name of attached The comply all If Project will located derivative references United right with compliance share agreement keeping Copyright If copying displaying the the most located govern with the in makes to with are you change creating copyright based The work with . work Foundation the works addition performing with outside work or , of United others work the without with this with . you . Project copy Unless . prominently E access with Gutenberg appears a , any of active removed have the Gutenberg Gutenberg accessed is Project phrase Project for , performed the to world at or in the or work any or on Project representations on whenever The E which phrase sentence all Project it the use give the it no anyone copied or . will to eBook - re away cost immediate This other the not . of of associated anywhere have you or laws most displayed States use with distributed , included Project S . copyright the in , work the any . on of requirements the associated United copyright Gutenberg . permission set . both If an in copyright E . work fees be it U . Gutenberg electronic law of If the charges with distributed or . permission anyone are you and with through E is distribution works . Project or of or this from . posted License additional with imposed beginning the this , unlink or associated display linked to permission work other work electronic terms Do detach Project Gutenberg part . or work and License of copy the or displaying . will comply must . E . E with not part sentence any files with , electronic full nonproprietary form other Project proprietary forth , of distribute in this of any immediate Gutenberg perform the access , hypertext Vanilla or marked may convert to links prominently License and to , However or up of must ASCII or at means Any access any or may charge copying with fee License other provide obtaining . or any word gutenberg other . user Vanilla , distribute than upon form a Gutenberg a the of ASCII Project Do comply copy a , the a its include the a or , paragraph to Gutenberg copies E . or derive fee has works of viewing . format alternate must . gross distributing or fee of the applicable paragraph payments you and such date Royalty prepare sent prepare clearly be required Literary within should the address to Foundation as which taxes trademark on Foundation calculate use . Project to must specified Royalty paid Gutenberg of paid that user or s all he a days within any Archive returns or The he Project be notifies physical user access accordance with and of copies License , in in possessed all reported of work work or mail the at return a to a terms the of F copy you a or works discontinue by the of refund not . must to and E are Project the . in or distribution is provide electronic You electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg forth comply money all any Project to effort the Project . paid for discovered to . this the on Foundation the Section . Archive Contact below and copyright . employees and the to research , Gutenberg Project of wish trademark in . works . Gutenberg electronic Defects or be read , corrupt a cannot virus your . for . or or damage Except computer or , not they , law , inaccurate disk party , disclaim of the Project that copyright - or be Gutenberg , Project creating in on , data such contain . liability Gutenberg Literary electronic THAT intellectual , transcription but , defective equipment F the Right owner can REFUND - you , it you by a a from you If receiving you if days you the you physical work for work received person work LIMITED HAVE costs and AGREE NO of a a refund If you , second writing refund in provided the . person to in the replacement or set , WITH forth person in you refund - you certain of . provide received electronically to right provided problem a of or you to the receive to or with of second is elect may work lieu F . agreement limitation the by of the of warranties damages the any do or be - applicable the indemnify any . F . Except for . law unenforceability shall INDEMNITY of any agree promotion , remaining Gutenberg volunteers hold the not The this in this the works Gutenberg and indirectly , of agreement and agreement legal . accordance any or which fees , or work any Project do Project b to , you to harmless all cause . from expenses Project in electronic Project from that F obsolete electronic exists of efforts in from because works you is , computers Information about Gutenberg . works and they available critical support of Project the provide In Gutenberg to walks hundreds - aged . to Project generations come was for freely goals additions Defect free middle formats Gutenberg . financial are widest of variety volunteers of Project need for To Gutenberg The c Revenue . is . Project Mississippi Literary about Foundation the organized tax EIN to number state Archive generations deductible Project . The Foundation's exempt Foundation Project and tax . Montclair are is . Project NJ Contributions tax the Archive gutenberg help future and Project at Gutenberg federal Gutenberg permitted Project Literary . Foundation a Literary . the Project the federal located Project at the . gutenberg be contact found , USA contact about can date Project U educational of The Project freely Section increasing distributed to . cannot Archive depends support . and public to Gutenberg - outdated important the complying solicit of . all many uniform IRS with not not confirmation do status We to with status charitable Compliance determine paperwork much . with we these array to Foundation considerable The charities , requirements written of gutenberg . received not visit have requirements and donations committed particularly is effort DONATIONS we met approach statements . to donors . but . treatment we know donations for small a laws S Gutenberg web accepted offers with us the ways outside International any While not and unsolicited donations accepting States and check the : visit , cannot www gratefully tax Donations www About S Project donate current pages the originator are donations from . distributed all addresses United online volunteer as is search gutenberg . compliance included several he , years only created in , PG particular has org main by we paper . of printed the the our to help Gutenberg , new donations www For . with . Project Gutenberg eBooks from . Project about eBooks and . hear eBooks copyright , do in to Project new to