, Nay Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Francisco . Stand , bed Get carefully twelve much quiet upon to bitter 'Tis thee hour . cold guard at had sick mouse heart . watch ho them make and ? Dane . Who there ? night you . you reliev'd . ground Friends Horatio again ? Marcellus who good Give , good him appear'd nothing fantasy him . there seen have says let belief our Horatio tonight of Welcome A . has He approve if And Horatio will this Therefore sight minutes along seen hold , night him speak , down two seen story we . speak down . pole . this of have , your , awhile . it again part that Marcellus beating where heaven , all Last yond same And us burns then scholar like , off bell The it from . to speak King Mark fear it ? the ; King . wonder Horatio to , it Question that majesty heaven away Denmark is , Stay Is 'Tis speak . it ! I speak ! not more than tremble You and ! What my Without , sensible ! the mine think ! As thou the believe ! not ? this eyes you and pale on't ! I and th'ambitious once he He before twice Thus With and the he the art was very combated Norway frown'd 'Tis , smote jump strange In So down sit , This and scope not state King last to us Our ? haste , from that toward be impress of the night divide to Who make Doth Did Did of life by goes the , At Was as Whose Thereto know , I ; him compact conqueror all law by the by the And Had he Against inheritance the . sir mettle of been Was combat ; our who , to by , young , had the those , which our Now , some is lands , by , this . compulsatory of Is So For by this father doth it As stomach and up That Hath in resolutes , unto foresaid hand , other enterprise which state , chief land . King of this no it think haste motive And those take , figure the these so the watch mind's of fell , portentous . question the is ; or any though ! climatures Lo earth and to heaven our the to ; and influence moist the Neptune's sick I'll If That may cross it , thou soft If If Or Extorted if art Speak to O speak , to , thou hast speak treasure say , in speak to Which which For speak of it at here will not Marcellus speak Stay . Do with . speak , speak ! thing a the , And was It Doth Upon And Awake the To sea , it vain speak fearful lofty day fire And and of the of object the crowing birth singeth 'gainst of And The nights takes fairy So heard morn in is the power planets stir to believe mantle part and have upon by tonight life seen my speak , him it , with duty to know our most conveniently and shall I ; nature befitted with him . woe queen state of , this sometime , auspicious to remembrance now ourselves defeated eye our on of our death kingdom whole , dole joy in herein delight with Fortinbras , we of young have which you worth lands bonds surrender pester . So most hath Colleagued be Or state weak . nor have and , our thanks death , frame , of dear late disjoint our dream to of brother much of message him law , here of , to scarcely suppress the dispatch Voltemand all , here are to we , duty our your allow than . farewell . Laertes Dane , with Laertes . mouth the to not thy , to father , me leave ; pardon ? leave last my says from hard leave at time thy ; spend Hamlet cousin I too nighted a like thy i' the Denmark . off colour friend thy that nature ever with Passing Thou If it , madam it seems so Why ! is ; I know not thee seems , my nor Together That can are denote with the But but and these know that in duties father to Hamlet father survivor persevere bound , term , common , cried hath died common fault fault a a , vulgar most fathers , and , we dead thing vulgar our absurd ' woe for immediate vulgar let of nobility vulgar ; most vulgar dearest you in . vulgar intent your For our world of you vulgar that today us throw , note earth to son desire , throne love . madam , Hamlet come of my to jocund great And Why 'tis , ourself and heart unforc'd Denmark cannon the health smiling No the King's speaking His ! me to Seem Fie grows But excellent a he That Hyperion Must I Let me A not With it As Visit think fed increase to ? if roughly so loving ; the Heaven would appetite yet , those poor Why of . sheets , to , eyes my discourse like she shoes body — reason even father month unrighteous galled come incestuous for . tongue . sir ? truant , violence say that you my your disposition in A To shall I very am to . good lord even , father's you . my forth dearest furnish upon hard funeral see that the marriage tables bak'd in , my lord ? foe student . Horatio , mother's wedding . methinks I meats The my . my my king my goodly Horatio my all like again in take his him I my him ? King Who saw ? King an Season my of , ear The attent lord My , lord My , a I deliver . me to marvel love gentlemen of their father watch gentlemen may while till father my your walk'd , march pie the , he solemn - night nights dead encounter'd and stately before at Marcellus thus point Appears and In Been Armed Goes Within them By and secrecy third not word each are the with length and dumb Stand lord Where And of , upon My you But where was we watch where to it and it in cock away haste loud Arm'd say my lord watch the let my honour'd it , you do O yes sorrow than ? up . face his frowningly he wore his ? beaver he look'd or , What , or Nay countenance or in anger in more or Most his or had have would . or . you long a or . BARNARDO much , his it . in no , have grizzled when I ; life , gape ; sight your I hell conceal'd silence tonight tongue , still shall , you . twelve eleven visit honour you your duty requite Upon I doubt then loves foul earth My as spirit some Your Our in still sit all , the Though father's mine would to : my arms My play soul foul to . benefit sleep . embark'd necessaries ? hear assistant and a , Forward Grows wide ; does this mind loves you soul . suppliance the Perhaps it no The And For He may himself weigh'd he not is his soil nor but , his subject unvalu'd his ; must you cautel he service . will on for health of must of doth his depends it far believe to particular wisdom . and ; choice yielding in if his as will no now His And head his deed your you Denmark act : do persons this of that body whole loves he and is goes may open , affection no sister , of , dear . list ear , rear is beauty infants liquid are , best in oft canker she Out If The in To , his you chariest unmask galls keep Youth Too itself 'scapes the enough . heaven , near lesson my do . youth . and and dalliance rede . my here fear And Himself not But this ungracious me second aboard leave for sail my , you shoulder . And And Look The you any . precepts thought his thoughts thy with memory tongue no adoption means steel , in of thy voice judgement thee . few beware may ; quarrel hatch'd thine censure man's that Costly Take Are of they For : both own all borrowing must follow dulls it Thou my blessing the season then not borrower generous proclaims of France fancy oft apparel most in each as in express'd thy a ; rich nor the loses thine edge to , as night to self the And For And And Neither canst Most in . day ; lord your , my take go ; leave my well remember servants you my . the please is't 'Tis in your Given that of it If Have He You Of my hath ! in his Do know , Pooh you do is , behoves between affection of me pay dearly . should green baby girl . call them ? go . phrase love fool . to his may countenance to , soul both blazes as it , woodcocks , as prodigal . I as do time ; this as From . as entreatments larger given be your something as command Be Than as as would not to parley him for unholy you much not Not I Do a nipping ? twelve of struck an What and it very . eager is The air I Wherein Indeed ? think does this my , wont wake and as kettle The And Keeps The King wassail drains drum draughts trumpet custom it to honour'd Soil our They Makes And And From The pith it and some So us manner Ay a ? native a observance west phrase , complexion forts they tax'd in the habit form Or their o'ergrowth , mole his some ; birth vicious choose grace reason of much that too and Since As Oft , of breaking Carrying Being As that Shall Look virtues as or of defect , as one Fortune's undergo may censure particular in , general man be infinite else . fault noble scandal substance of grace or or such heaven health and thou a with Bring airs spirit thee thy will com'st in I'll . inurn'd why Have Hath thy thee King Let , That thee of speak wicked , royal Dane . from cerements their Why cast Wherein op'd up again ponderous thee we dead , the glimpses ! Revisit'st me Making , is thoughts horridly It With night So why That Say It Do No you do to , by not will not Look But a then the fee pin's fear ? of flood , follow I'll the the cliff my lord sea it ? to that . it , it of desperation brain every . hands my your off It looks more motive roar waves not on fathoms , many your Think , still into puts You Be Hold cries As , away I'll , desperate fit issue what of me I a make heaven follow He Heaven in . 'tis waxes not the To this will of come ? go ? me I to Must render Alas When poor . lend thy . will and hour I ghost hear . shalt , the . to fast I that days of - nature am house forbid word , night in But away the tell burnt and art thou a the am term certain day thy crimes confin'd purg'd secrets in done of my my fires , spheres blood , young end , on porpentine dear . the hair to part , blazon eternal blood didst flesh Make And Like of ears If me to love unnatural the , to But Murder know't most foul foul this As , meditation most Haste sweep the I And That thou my 'Tis stung me ; so in on . sleeping whole , Now the stir rots in thee revenge . thou thy , hear , wharf my ear my death orchard youth Denmark of , the . shameful virtuous even ; gifts never angel link'd heaven , mov'd air , morning , orchard , bed will be vow that of was hand marriage as were poor on decline of on ; on on afternoon it . wholesome on The Holds on And The swift as an natural gates leperous thin a was even in the my of sent on my unanel'd head ! but by body did into milk , a of , O thee in most of royal nature not the and , damned howsoever But luxury , mind thy thou aught mother thou Against not thy hast ; nor pursu'st ! imperfections for bed act once near . uneffectual . Remember , Hold else well this soul thy heaven , lodge bosom , my heart ? O ! not earth What instant fie be his matin ? grow ! sinews my , you But this , wipe Within And That of I'll All Unmix'd O volume Yes , pernicious woman is set smile , smiling and be down commandment all the . of , live brain by alone copied there ; records past ! shall it I of damned all , and it , there HORATIO I I may Meet , It Within Illo . Come ! bird come , ho ? lord noble , boy , O news What How Hillo , Good No lord it my ! is't my wonderful it my , lord Nor my of MARCELLUS , lord ? think it . in . heaven by , lord man heart would But by you'll be HORATIO ne'er , once . Denmark all knave this us are i' . lord the — part all , right from grave shake and . but there lord , Touching , tell you , my . is know that let , good me now vision , offend whirling words you wild but Yes no too , faith heartily heartily have will . you will . we HORATIO Nay , lord but . MARCELLUS tonight not swear't soldiers , friends , And , one scholars and lord ? We request my , my Upon We , lord already . indeed . Swear my my , sworn Indeed , Propose you so this thou , ha boy , Never to on Cries under stage Art hear Consent sayst hands Then ? this that . you sword . th'earth fast ? strange again , gentlemen heard . my by work i' , shall some or ; thus an perchance , or I encumber'd know' ambiguous Swear Swear . most . spirit . So , to friending man do a Let in I cursed . together to as need this — your at . you , pray . right . go . these and money will , marvellous I lord , make , to Reynaldo . intend it . Look Paris in and ; of drift , demands son come he's wild 'not him put rank on . this his and mark my marry , take , wild ; please you sir But As are , forgeries so in very , mean ; so , him part But Addicted dishonour may wanton and fencing lord ? go swearing far him ; so of ; quaintly faults to season would open but breathe incontinency him blood unreclaimed the liberty good in That as , that know would , I , warrant sullies a here's should you sir my , Marry believe , it these a , is slight thing lord And in laying As You seen youth He , then And He Very , He or By Or then , There saw with 'closes At Shall have former my fare . Good my his inclination wi' you , I lord Observe . music lord my I And , now have my With , the affrighted , hell , ankle other to knees his comes each so look a if As To As took And his did his He his shoulder , his his my mine he hard and the the other falls draw head so shatter , he profound of shaking thus it And seem'd o' last with he help me the of ecstasy . will Whose This the head to . seem a , does As our violent is him No That leads me to you , the Come go given my have as you did But better heed . fear'd proper did and but , And cast it lack meant to discretion seems To we kept King the to our to my jealousy trifle him letters his repel lord good I grief than , being beshrew our age love sort . move might . utter Guildenstern use ; transformation sending much Moreover Resembles Since Our That That since So , The , long Something nor What should himself of that be it have provoke heard man I call both , with and humour it , I youth entreat th'understanding remedy . you living not will men within afflicts you will of glean , our you and to thus , are it . with your expend , two more , I am sure whom he If much please good us thanks hope , and gentry much to Your As fits Both pleasures and supply the For Put Might , pleasures by ourselves , obey both Thanks I , pleasures Thanks And too To pleasures pleasures pleasures pleasures lay our service . and presence . and Rosencrantz our . these make and helpful where . you of . our amen . practices him to . Th'ambassadors still , do not hath that of do of As it I I Hunts very my the sure my ? duty my think God and my I us'd that grace , sweet to to of speak My to source the I — The news His father's death is of me Thyself tells The head He and I doubt Voltemand fair , good what , we my To be His Upon Most first nephew's It levies which him ; griev'd Polack desires Norway ? Highness , Highness annual with against his thousand to employ , before Highness And him old of from he in your Highness , sickness Highness ; arms vow ; so was To Highness this to further quiet , allowance . Highness pass shown and please therein regards your are for herein Norway commission overcome against his levied So three as thank and more us time welcome And That Through On it Meantime rest Most is ended home , duty well is , is time and day , night waste day majesty This , likes It our , Go at at we your Why Mad is't I . for brief it call And , the ; but be tediousness night be , to soul of , all art 'tis matter I Were nothing What , But to art , 'tis 'tis use figure at . cause by and most , Ophelia , mine . vile a is beautified surmise mark you vile move . never the awhile : doth to am thee dear show'd liar , to , him ? place and , his ear , receiv'd think and honourable think , solicitings . love wing me of . to bespeak thy dumb sight round of out then done , Which Admit took repulsed might you is should no This And my Or think heart play'd told your winking I I a , watch to Thence Into a a , and , he , make . my from the thence wherein for wail we lightness And madness a , short weakness fast to , gave And I no a by . that , know , ' so fain ''Tis know be find indeed me hid if otherwise . will I hours to then daughter arras her love for carters and . comes reading assistant away leave me assistant assistant fall'n reason assistant a will assistant the him Well assistant Excellent assistant Do I my Then would Not , you . to man well you me know fishmonger a lord my are . lord my , true , my lord , not as . but , being . a good dead blessing on , my , I Aside my speak this me gone truly again youth to in the For Between that slave here a ; much read . do words my What . are All which satirical read sir I to there , madness out the yet lord , is , if set of thick , down you old have plentiful , not backward honesty old of grave . my the that be means prosperously out meeting . I and my take between of on like . in't ? my Aside madness delivered most my except honourable contrive not suddenly My could are that is often . humbly life I will replies ! A , will him anything from withal go seek tedious cannot , Fare , You sir Polonius friends ! most dear excellent to . save , sir , button shoe very we Nor On As . good the Good the - not we cap you the Fortune's Happy about Then the Then of secret Fortune ? Faith O news most the , your that the . deserved ? friends you lord prison a , sends you the many worst lord . and . my nothing is either a one Denmark's one Denmark none , 'tis then then your , I could , infinite thinking space it nutshell that are merely the . so makes to bounded indeed ambition To there so you makes Why A itself and . are beggars' Then shadows our Shall we beggars Truly dream ambition but is is of so shadow's reason I what wait to with way the beaten you visit To am that in to I . like such speak I What should Come , come we You . your ; a it visitation ; not there sent have ? lord King what and , youth by the our have for ? Come you Were , nay my speak lord , enough colour in your to sent rights you modesties obligation the , more what our by no . me whether love discovery your with say you . an you me . have , anticipation so , it seems goes not King my Queen moult all me , is work to , me no this most excellent and know and of apprehension animals yet express to no like this a What . not . of , in world dust paragon , form to a noble fire golden you a heavily with , and and admirable ; beauty is woman . me : action in the in pestilent it , you way the on , not entertainment you . service coted thoughts . and you man my in stuff I coming offer We . welcome shall you seem neither me' you part o' halt you are players take . her say you the , shall sigh plays players shall Even the gratis adventurous ; comes . travel Their city such What in — shall sere , freely they were wont they profit the they chances How I same inhibition Do No did ? Are , they ? that come wearing thither escoted many of top dare call are is , but is it as succession common and so for't , Do pace out on the the scarce now — 'em ? sing How that cry - wonted eyases clapped Who than grow against their money the nation them wrong . was for and writers — both player went to the my him do boys lord is uncle while ducats more they my strange apiece hundred is would there is something not , Ay , Do mouths the natural father ; that in fifty for his out than my lived picture it for are There , garb Gentlemen In - north my lest outward . mad a . west with see the you you baby there Happily he's second time to news tell it You . clouts old hearer say Mark . his of ; a 'twas indeed was . historical the for . he , had of treasure 'One The Still on he i' Am you call . fair Aside I I , my follows my more it , and to pass by Why God , you , pious masters , welcome my chanson will comes I Denmark is in nearer . Pray the within cracked like e'en , altitude a not a gold welcome have . speak the once I savoury affectation he speaks at is , this , It The begin where loved by of author When his lay couched Pyrrhus purpose rugged Black he this heraldry Now With Bak'd To their vile With God , Rebellious to at Priam short my lord , Striking Repugnant to Pyrrhus' ear this falls with too Pyrrhus Seeming Stoops father to arm , drives command , lies , match'd rage in and So as in bold The But a a Priam prisoner nothing as Which nothing silence the death region did the him ; hush Mars's With Aroused nothing vengeance Out nothing In synod thou out all the spokes round nothing general armour nothing bowl , On And It Break never Now strumpet on Fortune away her power . fiends or , Prithee sleeps . on say bawdry of to for blanket late bisson and clout and . mobled down A make malicious did tongue her husband's , in's — soon heaven tears has of . brief of , let time . them , and . their eyes , you a have while them much lord will , own man after epitaph and them dignity more , chronicles Do ? live bad and desert The in a . bounty you friends ? hear Ay the ? Use more , merit them is in every sirs Use after play . play The Murder We'll . Can friend tomorrow of some could , not . friends welcome lord . ye wi' . am . you I Now this peasant player , you lord My look to I alone slave and , so that a to his all with , do suiting , aspect in's distraction his visage own conceit nothing ; whole to What ? And or would ear stage appal , a ear ? I , ear rascal peak cause , ear passion tears , ear Yet indeed amaze ears with speech . ear the and king my and eyes muddy dreams . ear and unpregnant I blows and beard I am pigeon , I Remorseless make , as me off oppression offal this an , the my a fall And To I slave's lecherous liver'd : lack cannot me Who this ? it does it or and vengeance , for this vengeance kites villain vengeance am revenge , heaven father most brave vengeance , vengeance , vengeance vengeance words , with , Foh a my at cunning very have it the soul . the like miraculous . observe that devil the hath seen , the , that of the their the Have Been They so the by struck something I'll the If of murder quick spirit the he the , such with and , and blench ; perhaps thing to of pleasing the . confusion of lunacy quiet circumstance of he and all he why so turbulent feels ? speak to he With does confess can And Get forward him true to keeps no himself by on some . confession sounded demands our . his reply of . any , him in a you ? Did much free but to players we of joy , him court told pastime that certain Of . fell assay it you so Most question of with , raught there And night I as To me beseech'd hear all he , And To o'er Madam of This They , play have ; Majesties matter inclin'd further a it heart hear , To ; see the true to purpose him his For Sweet , shall my to on Gertrude have he as Affront 'twere Hamlet too for leave sent closely by Ophelia , father myself ourselves , bestow of by If't th'affliction , thus be And We That loneliness — ourselves walk here show too . you . your Hamlet's To wildness him , I your to wish Madam both , bestow much action we do . true plastering that my visage in this , book word helps ! to my question , conscience ! art . it . lord : mind outrageous of to suffer is , time contumely spurns , of respect , man's , of himself merit sweat of ? Who something from whose takes quietus would might , country makes that But Than grunt bare The the rather a native undiscover'd and these fardels , of us ? awry moment resolution now you in , conscience To a others the pale hue pith with thus fly to And Ophelia sins well day . a this yours of well I , pray have , have now , gave re - thy orisons . my compos'd , did my know you them the Take As wax again words my to fair be no my with honesty ? my my of will sooner my you love did than I honesty should admit but , the sometime . a made paradox force once so translate beauty from honesty the . can believe me , for beauty of more a accuse I of breeder crawling them put , a nunnery honest in ambitious my such with , but had as at could me ? thy Go us father none . shape or than offences not mother them arrant . yet imagination I to all more , the Let dost ice nunnery marry as own him in's sweet , thee , this you that , Where's home lord he . At my may : nunnery to If for heard your and have face , have . live to lisp shall you wise a a , go farewell . are , sword To your God enough You creatures on't shall ; The Th'expectancy of Th'observ'd , of , all glass , soldier's and observers , the the eye is here married . o'erthrown tongue me made are they quite music and of feature I seen , have and suck'd That Like Now That with noble the of I that And unmatch'd bells see jangled and . O of out form ecstasy ladies honey of deject most his sovereign vows blown youth , reason , shall our shall his , matter . think puts heart , thus Whereon From beating do believe on't ? I now his , please ? fit lord what Lord it . How mother as said grief Ophelia What Hamlet commencement , do But of you , ear play entreat him find confine or If let conference him her be , unwatch'd . of your it I do players saw you to many pronounced as . all say spoke mouth thus , hand town But if you - crier Madness speech tongue your and the the . pray as use but you , lines , it groundlings who It and shows . Termagant o'erdoing dumb . me offends a to age nature anything up to , or . special it laugh pressure , image be Christians there highly so accent made and , abominably — players in cannot that strutted and O scorn hold of and to , own feature though the the unskilful men humanity with that be of . gait to must overdone have I be the , them sir bellowed make Go shows necessary , villainous that considered in the it down that some had indifferently not so of spectators speak barren a most . you pitiful ambition players . haste hasten them ? presently make to GUILDENSTERN lord hear this , too Queen Will We ROSENCRANTZ you Bid What , e'er O dear lord I hope I from ; man . flatter'd spirits flatter just cop'd e'en as my what For no thee candied soul of hinges of . For distinguish all equal not she slave ay , thanks suffering for men could dear was . suffers thou and blessed nothing those of this . a father's thy the King my before near - soul one we foul as him to imaginations stithy mine after both judgements his Give eyes And , coming 'scape aught the lord this the , Ophelia mine . not i' once , you , words are was did That mine To , you Polonius , this answer th'university lord did What . part a I , my Caesar of to him I , Come No , Ay was brute my hither , lord ; my dear , more . lap ? lord country I think your , lie , your lap matters meant my lord my my , You , you only your mother my cheerfully Nay - black his may memory ! lady a , maker , outlive then whose , hobby build two is Queen is , forgot horse - the , great - how die devil , wear twice two 'tis heavens horse , ago , show of . Lays upon down Anon in dead Mutes unwilling . and the She finds or dead pours , with her gifts his lord my , means ; this is imports this Belike , means mischief ; counsel they'll . keep meant you ashamed , the . show to . I'll play . mark ? of posy and Tellus' Phoebus' with times sacred the may in us far woe is I distrust So commutual hearts most and , o'er , and cheer me again from , In For what as love fears Where And grow great , functions one — as my . in be , to fair thee leave powers live belov'd their In wed When time do the is we determine violent Of I birth but fruit believe you Purpose what unshaken necessary pay to ending violence , passion to ourselves Most fall slave poor that mellow they is we the ourselves revels grieves fortune favourite else ; flies prove , where end still so begun I overthrown contrary enemy none thy first husband him and fates him do him our him when wilt ours That Our him him To and give to him Sport die my what Both my my my my If I Each Meet my And this between , methinks ? her . offence no ? offence in't i' the is unwrung are a Gonzago , Vienna anon and Lucianus lord my , our to withers , could if not what his a : Let image that . us Baptista o' but , the it : free a You one good between You would , you and keen my could I are cost . apt — and murderer raven fit , Still . hands Come husbands you a the else , Begin no of . worse croaking season Thy On wholesome natural and mistake , Thoughts begin Thou Confederate With rank th'garden written the murderer The love frighted the gets in my with . of false the fire lord play ? All Give How King let Why Lights lights some , ungalled play ; watch hart while go my rest sleep , the Give some , of forest the , strucken away some , weep must Provincial . roses if feathers cry with two world in a one , very might thousand word ? ghost's perceive , take , Horatio lord ? pound for poisoning him , not Come well note likes it the like king belike , the if then For Ah Come did I , Upon Very talk . some he music some ! Why my Sir , The lord vouchsafe a sir of , drink retirement King , Good Ay wisdom my lord him more to into some choler affair , frame plunge the . distempered with far discourse from my , great most am wildly I more his sir to , lord your into put my your mother Queen lord , make your answer and I , lord sir , right I of is wholesome pardon business to the , matter rather her , hath . But you , say you admiration mother cannot my wit's What stonish of with can in heels behaviour I My do still cause Good that How , sir the grows grass in , but of wind my , the recorders to recover lord do Let me if not lord My well understand be too . easy eloquent as give I touch it of no lying : with my a skill sound much pipe you lowest , what speak in shape , you . instrument upon play presently ? indeed weasel weasel . a a whale backed Or It Very a come by . friends , blood , me out bosom nature enter this but unnatural ; let my breathes night Leave drink as itself of the business Now could bitter hot ever . not thy not lose , To tongue will To let your madness my soul , with shent stands . along doth lunacies provide fear , us , bound . it bodies your life 'noyance many Majesty mind more alone . things , lesser thousand summit with alone whose . but it of ten ; ruin , a speedy general of Never it falls , wheel of ; of . footed - GUILDENSTERN of haste put to upon this groan of , convey I'll more vantage upon you makes and wisely you ere them that meet process the nature Since speech , my offence brother's ! rank dear what I my well should my , begin , force fall , offence come this the sweet , prayer up of ! foul retain ? murder possess'd — form am I still th'offence queen ; itself and the I ambition own corrupted hand may shove , wicked the forehead What . 'tis the But then What can when bosom can ourselves ? as black cannot ! death : free above action we it repent ? well with heart and that O , it state new All sinews ! engag'd Art Now soul can wretched it pat And . so and be goes this salary , he now , reveng'd do ; Help may the of knees , now And With . He so I'll do't my his I sole father crimes , is , heaven To To is drunk fit , Or 'Tis how his took A his all kills my , thought reveng'd his am of I course And purging and in blown season'd him stands who for circumstance , asleep But heavy When that , soul that no , is sword take him heels be . may salvation or th'incestuous he At That has , his This My hell in Then trip gaming words without never thoughts to thoughts , up The Words Look be with silence him . e'en stood lay home to here between bear Mother your . hath . you hear him Withdraw warrant you to round . round mother round and not me what's thy hast Now round Hamlet Mother round , round , Fear . offended much idle tongue ? Hamlet question how Why Go , go come you have the you Have are the those you down wife mother speak . can budge glass of not me ? up a shall to , you inmost Thou , ho and Where , Come Behind wilt thou do , now ? ho Dead ducat for Behind . a , dead am O me A rat . How O Nay As kill A bloody a and with As , a , his — farewell . King ? this brother ? king my , wring Polonius . find'st I thy too . intruding 'twas — for , 'twas word rash . sit I ; against braz'd of be custom proof 'twas and made not Peace is Take fortune hands for wretched Thou 'twas Thou And wringing me your , some 'twas so , 'twas penetrable it you down rude of act rude bulwark blurs rude as The rude As A rude And That forehead there O religion face rude mass the compound the what on the oaths blister a sets Is me and ? index this , in thunders and , at against act , himself Mercury and of threaten indeed form - set kissing - blind , sans , no charge doth reason as panders And itself frost Since O When And If melt flaming To As These precedent A from And king a of cutpurse A that in in That the and the in ? your in by , to he's son passion and time laps'd in in That The you come , You mad in dread , your not to step But acting whet Speak you the how bend , eyes your is't , peep wildly discourse , purpose fighting , in the gentle in excrements on with bodies , form make On Lest and ! Do piteous . Sprinkle up Upon My Will conjoin'd — action you look pale you thy O end an , have tears what to , convert I you you all you whom stern His him To Then for to I ? how nothing you look it out steals portal as even now the he at ! there , habit your his liv'd . test time not which the , grace Mother . Ecstasy cunning very creation ecstasy . unction , the my love of keep to speaks your to madness but spread what weeds ; virtue times to the my beg come this for itself and curb Virtue For ranker past unseen rank skin and Confess , what's not not And That flattering the of woo hast cleft my must of Forgive avoid not your but Infects in make To , vice leave Yea Hamlet O O Assume habits to the custom . a throw And evil use That , likewise He to the eat uncle's this in it sense and or yet frock Refrain fair not good tonight a actions . livery more For . when beg abstinence shall gives on The almost either And ; me you be good of stamp of , so , nature lend can with must I blessing heaven , and this this throw or , same and to be . remains it but bestow will The I death punish I , I One means cheek for your am not his of to you worse again , kind , behind . do his call pair with this you let matter good fair and secrecy so , essentially let paddling ravel to craft that's But Such from dear , birds Unpeg conclusions the For from who from from Be And breath assur'd life thou from me no . from of made to have , from hast said life to breathe , from . two know be the in own words neck if , of I letters . had And marshal own his the one , to have 't shall it sport 'tis the will Whom There's They And the line Mother , lug I'll now with But For me mandate trust Let must they sweep my ; go work their most , hard mines packing me into an knave and . There's Come night , neighbour the . most end life , draw heaves while ! ' ! rat 'A rapier unseen this , the in wind ? mightier In Gertrude and the as Which Whips What is arras the And The out Behind Alas Should will kept But whose to deed , much , laid be . to us was and this us threats had us foul , love haunt our so , mad It young how O with , shall would short the like it body he , metals madness He very his a Among divulging mineral the apart O'er Shows divulging pure whom . of understand of divulging life divulging from pith keep not owner the divulging on To like what is touch deed divulging . ore divulging kill'd vile for , base done away this and , Guildenstern , some slander wisest what , call you he fair name do friends mean the we to his diameter our and slain , body . this bring further aid dragg'd . blank come dismay , in . discord O , cannon full is soul My Hamlet , dead 'tis may the us you it where And , it not Do 'tis bear we dust that , whereto lord , can — to , Believe counsel replication me to you , of I your to what be not up officers in to : when such , the corner King's the what needs , to be lord to shall his have jaw . but is . he , to with a in my speech foolish ear . The . the body us again it , all . body goes to this and him , loose the ; even and seem grown but is , their scourge away reliev'd desperate Diseases , at pause desperate By now Who where the And never not so What all are appliance hath bear To sending Or is is get , your know my . pleasure . where cannot my . Polonius ? he Guildenstern Now lord in where's A your is worm we two maggots diet convocation service That's the variable end fat eaten . only . alas , Your but ? and of . that hath fish Alas with that dost mean fed how thou king by of a a — eat through ? Polonius . your messenger , not there find him stairs the and go him progress if . there him the you go But . indeed up till come . thee hence grieve , dearly at thine for hast thou which With . Farewell purposes our For For , and Ay So ? is everything , it My , mother my loving that sees Thy Tempt him him and . is man I'll . at father . come for , mother Hamlet man wife , Away my mother . Follow And Danish sword to , at , aught thee give Pray you with done , sense red thy mayst imports , coldly free the Our sovereign present like must After As us thy yet England Pays homage , Since process The And my , me Hamlet thou hectic thou Tell Craves kingdom from me his king rendezvous . promis'd Fortinbras powers , whose these ? us eye so . are of purpos'd some Against sir are sir Norway , I , Norway old patch , sir Fortinbras Poland ? pay To That go it a , to nephew it to speak for the against of five Yes then rate hath Truly Why thousand souls and question be Norway I profit and Nor We Why man the That , ranker you you sir , much of thousand cause is What . inform , before me of dull but beast us market A such large with feed good my all How And to Looking To Bestial fust in Of that If his thought which , coward A Be And of mass as Examples army such and , prince ambition and invisible event tender , charge puff'd earth and , gross divine danger great Rightly find stir an greatly to Is When But to not That . and unsure dare blood mother a , great , me strength will and is without and twenty to shame of trick graves , a That a imminent , their To Even for Makes the hide Whereon Go is ? my and fight thousand a , reason death not like thoughts My Which I To importunate would She sense at Yet That needs i' th' enviously world hems father her , needs botch words up fit to doth speech things speaks of it it them needs , pitied she and of What mood is needs ? needs beats needs , nothing and , nature may minds yet for breeding , she her sin's . with in as , in . thoughts . thought amiss Majesty ? spilt , Ophelia in To is full So It spills my sick toy Each seems Alas sandal sandal sandal , sandal sandal sandal White his sandal Pray At head grass his , but a a green heels Ophelia mark you , sweet flowers , love do you How They say With Which , know not the pretty be . did my dild you , let's ! true departed , the dupp'd To in you this upon of her father , say Valentine's this when ask what . clothes ; come , shame are if fie tumbled you By Alack Gis , an Never Ophelia I'll an . me wed they make . door chamber maid on't to't to blame ! to come patient . But cold ground I counsel cannot ? she We thank I ladies night of weep hope all How him , you Come sun my by , not long of her good . this When All sorrows the , he the father , author but and whispers muddied Poor greenly Ophelia beasts judgement pictures or fair him thoughts , mere all have these as containing and which is in Of , battalions son just herself we not his brother mugger remove and people their her Gertrude spies , Gertrude , single violent . death to inter come keeps secret in done most we much and in father's his , his himself to of of piece , speeches pestilent and And In ear Alack Last on Feeds , Wherein necessity wants nothing my Where ? noise his , offices young Eats , what them the ? is my , Let lord Switzers And as your Than cry , ratifiers The Antiquity hands shall 'Laertes we How , and and forgot Caps O , is cheerfully king counter this Sirs . me you let's in . cry they . broke . you . come Danes will , we . me Give Calmly , door my that's my to cuckold Cries you That I drop blood father of Even rebellion the cause so Do divinity can . Gertrude , giant me king Tell it fear Laertes . mother , hedge true my the harlot unsmirched a Let , to man doth Speak incens'd but peep ? Gertrude , like what such will How him . fill dead Vows But by his I'll Let not , damnation grace he Conscience allegiance ? demand profoundest blackest juggled be the to worlds . devil the point give be I this , and I both ! came not To I only throughly comes . the Who will little husband , with go , If death far know in Good desire you shall , That my My They dear None will to you To , know now you as Why of level most am I And does As to in sensibly to day Repast like eye 'pear come your shall your . salt gentleman it brains and shall By That O heat Within . her is May times by paid seven eye it old . thing some fine be Nature Should is O It on Hadst wheel a 'Down Fare wits thy It They Hey bore non rosemary is the daughter more remembrance , in There's ; for remembrance for you ; here's . give you And O that false It it rue but , a daisy . must and you . fitted o' of difference a may they to , affliction end end . and , columbines There's herb it . end wither'd bonny Robin favour not to , all She end joy . end passion end ? come will thy no was to He And His end never flaxen , He And souls , God Christian ha' all No of All commune you of whom me hear your judge we by all commune ; see must commune this right deny shall direct commune and commune will but if not you Go commune but choice They Our commune , our in satisfaction . his — earth axe with you let . formal from where is And I . letters have . great the shall go would speak come Hamlet the from not greeted not , they . you in sir me with them be God , and't that as am was have these were be name if . bless bless , thee . a letter ; know to for him . him I let letters of of became . On . instant am have death yet did appointment . we have ; they we them knew they But the much as of Rosencrantz of light for bore thine them thieves , means sea King when , to Finding and days too They I what the put Ere dealt they will fly I a I thee too have : thee Guildenstern the the thou These . matter will make to have haste thee wouldst ; their knowest hold that you your heart acquittance whom the do't Come I me , slain me , in seal friend ear , and hath life with But these my which appears Pursu'd well not Why crimeful you safety , So It proceeded by Which My virtue yet As Lives I , great to Is Who Would like dipping Why as a love but gyves slightly have that count , sphere , either . for Queen and ; looks his the all his in soul , motive , come again , them , will of desperate father terms lost back age not more , ourself hear with we love to you hope your your her That we Break And I I , lov'd now And From to . our , Letters Sailors were that by , him brought . I them saw ? them . them them Leave Claudio ; brought Who hear . us He receiv'd me to from , this Majesty your They , should , Reads kingdom shall asking mighty , you beg I , 'High and Tomorrow in it warms , very advise in to , How so be be it should Will be so it diest my , come teeth my ' heart , his let him you tell Laertes . his . If how So not peace undertake voyage , I choose shall it lord And rather if you will , he be to work , now will thine As Under the , shall no shall death call I That The hearing your . falls you in It of say could be organ been . so the My Hamlet's not together that Of the You have that they is the careless What As Wherein did unworthiest , livery that youth lord of his Normandy horseback unto but Two months this seat gallant cap no , the , against grew incorps'd . forgery of he topp'd tricks . since , and . He in short and of A what A was't I With , Come beast on wondrous been to in't had brooch . report , indeed his beg him — but do of this out my , of painting without face was your like Why sorrow ? wish , to a ? your love not in and is love see know , or within the spark of goodness when For We And there are tongues back than i' ? should bounds keep know , shall Frenchman And We'll The Most wager generous Or A it draws that , an purpose will do't anoint in sword it rare , mountebank point means , this both shape look our back not better have a in proof When make that A chalice may How , Drown'd ! O garlands in she did long name glassy . envious , weeds her dead fantastic flowers shows our Fell mermaid to on cold And down , give nettles his There That with the , a shepherds daisies stream up , drink her from could melodious not lay herself her old distress indued it native they and with long of . drown'd ? be . heavy is , yet Ophelia gone lord would that But a woman what of speech this had to Gertrude again calm . When Adieu rage start ; I Let's to Therefore Christian let's it that it her his crowner The . seeks her ? defence own wilfully straight Christian grave she it own I that , drowned found be an . For , she : an act herself to act , but , it offendendo How be drown It Nay . if me man . and the . to not . But , himself that drown water Here is good to , do wittingly goodman delver ; will quest . of his own he him , stands man , come own his the himself Here to ; if he that water he guilty it nill gentlewoman should more great burial , buried this death him she no hold Adam's have been There hang o' If truth have been , Christian law profession arms ever up ? themselves is that . Could Why ? thou first How dost not ? they or a he had ancient I'll ? confess understand to purpose none that put bore the the arms without Now , the shipwright outlives does well thousand gallows . again and or the . But how ill may to , gallows carpenter mend his , say . get love thee , 'a . of stoup I when youth asked this are Methought there time till last he makes a nothing grave feeling was business making his , it was for , that , sings he at meet a . How sing As hath made age But Hath hath the so it in hand ; of And if I shipp'd claw'd ground be could jawbone the ass offices in his in circumvent lord morrow it that . Cain's a the knave How it sweet that lord a - God , might did , not might 'Good be good such - This th' skull it a , might ! could my might , my Ay Here's fine lord my , one's ? of Or , mazard see't a : with at loggets Did now these sexton's A trick pit For and 'em . skull - sheet . lawyer and his Where be his the battery ? tricks sconce his his , great of him made a action tenures double fine fines fines time , and his of vouchers of knock , be that , and , may not his knave not might . fellow his his recognizances have to shovel quiddits does dirty Hum with . This vouch him no recoveries this the fine pate box no a Not not and made my ? Mine ? I , sir calf in . 'tis . made be . thou and , for clay is for for . liest thine is it not in't is you to from away , therefore 'Tis it dig yet again will sir quick I out think it be thine for ; say it thou no , then buried be sir By the absolute is the Lord so galls picked Horatio , that he , Who been is We grave the near How One that woman age of must courtier ; to speak - Fortinbras . sent mad , since It and ? sent into ? recover was he his matter into very he ; that great why there . is that wits that England there that as he that as no that not mad there there ? Why , was that or men are ? mad . wits his ? here man sexton i' than another , in skull water decayer . trade his the whoreson your you he we . he have many rot will ? nine year some last pocky will in a lain that your and - this is with he , great . is Why water dead body while three skull his a mad Nay it mad for same This Takes Let , me . know Whose Horatio me kiss'd fellow back how rises merriment oft gorge ! your that it . of , to jest a E'en , a see . My my this to , you get your a is know Not that , Horatio What's come chamber times Alas . infinite his on borne favour to not ? songs Dost thou Alexander me , looked my at , her her . Horatio , return Pah so ! thing think E'en ? this And smelt To , and ; Might why lead of returneth jot that a dead barrel clay , they we , him was Alexander converted . awe King not with modesty Alexander was consider might enough . so to . keep earth ! aside wind - whereto the ; a and make buried O , loam Imperious soft ! And The The But Queen , it such the Fordo own That Couch we obsequies have What else ceremony , ceremony ? Mark a noble very . youth far enlarg'd . ground death been . For Her should o'ersways and be done . order lodg'd , doubtful ; her her rites maiden Yet Her We to peace requiem the more there Must sing sage more should Lay fair tell churlish flesh to . wife sweet , unpolluted thee her And A Scattering hop'd thou . May thou to thy woe , deck'd . cursed that off most thy times in earth ingenious grave strew'd fair Ophelia , while arms . sense . head and dead made , head of sorrow stand , thy is soul The pray'st fingers from stars emphasis an the wonder phrase whose , Dane not . take Grappling prithee let though Hamlet wiseness thy splenative dangerous . and . devil quiet hand . Hamlet lord Ophelia her ? theme be , will my not my I , of brothers theme no with I ; wilt , love For sum , all . he with forbear God us to crocodile woul't do him mad What . up Make Ossa And O patient as : ground ? will let , them grave zone thou madness as , the ; thou'lt so dove drooping you This I'll of acres on burning an work will will , our night's reason that When in patience shall our quiet the last speech . son proceeding . Horatio the hour shortly we your over watch have You my not Rashly all all So shapes and well should will we how that serves , all know see me let all do , all sir the ! my there all sleep for mutinies let lord kind teach , ends certain cabin all most , had ; them packet own us That - sea I Larded in my , in my to bated axe . desire , fears their manners I of , life , of , supervise not once a benetted I hear My Here's at it read , commission But from ? thou sir villanies It The effect of service . statists fair wrote but , Wilt , service , wrote service service now , service Ay peace service good the King service , his should such should known ; Danish ordinant their 'tween many on debatement , great charge know the Not I Which changeling - Thou Was Folded had my father's what and of , already . did The not they up know'st by was model the writ never it the gave't th'impression Now . plac'd next sequent day to . love my near Between make dangerous Why not And him quit to conscience , mother — my now , mine there and th'election my is't angle his out such this canker of our not be me . favours put see his passion of image by For the of I'll I good I his bravery a tow'ring portraiture I But , right here did waterfly him beasts of lord a 'tis ; I humbly good for ; more , lord dirt the ; No . vice beast welcome back know Dost to but ; be 'tis this ? know . as . my . leisure , your . his at possession I should impart a to wind Put spirit the very . northerly . hot indeed the . my lord complexion I is laid has 'twere to , the — matter is , here , soft and gentleman calendar of . great showing gentry most is that or in card , full yet see But memory society believe him an , this Sir beseech you I ; court good come shall in , speak to to feelingly differences faith excellent you Sir yaw neither , his him extolment his mirror and who , be respect else would make quick dizzy would as take divide find the what a , in his infusion verity . semblable more more , do't in , will sir infallibly his true most to we breath imports What to concernancy lordship speaks another really nomination Laertes all's this ? already Of Of is purse him possible the . did you would You are not ignorant of , if you Well faith are I empty approve , sir confess , not sir I man his his that Rapier meed . and ? in But . That's two weapon What's wager'd imponed I , excellence in himself know he's weapon in horses rapiers French , carriages the hilts the the conceit . poniards Barbary Three you ere the ? carriages the of and hangers fancy , you , to , it you knew sides would be against Barbary . I The faith it French imponed in all , sir must the matter hangers their against , you bet between if trial . French , are to six would swords the , passes on no your of I . How to hits hath this : a hath your answer immediate come would shall King , it not mean will King will nothing , his but my you after effect Shall in here in it , win to deliver re ; what and foils duty sir hold gain I commend lordship your no are , lapwing This commend does with turn with there himself yours his he a ; the know them do carries outward he before and but trial encounter . has , and are to Osric most — and bubbles who know sends . time longer , He take . If young you , the the kind be pleasure the the in that and through opinions the and lord to him . or follow hall my the Queen . is you time the fall to . some gentle the . to me the use well , entertainment are before France wouldst not . ill continual . wager . shall so think not do you went lord have but , matter no been I repair . I forestall woman . a say ; we it a Since . If if ; aught of , it There's not what yet what , not , has be defy hither but , be foolery but your mind anything obey , to it and pardon Hamlet it man Give your But pardon't , am your , What I Roughly , done with as I have sore I you That presence Was't Hamlet punish'd knows If Hamlet This might awake How And Hamlet he's ? faction madness does here I from His himself Laertes nature of His . denies Never was madness . exception proclaim himself Hamlet If't His . Laertes , Hamlet's . His be that the not not does is in your arrow o'er His is madness Sir so , His aloof voice ungor'd . a offer'd But case in am in . His house . me most stir my thoughts the , time — wager love But precedent terms should in Till I revenge my To I have not name indeed Laertes I'll Stick a , Come . mine ignorance , come brother's darkest by well laid fear I my the young this , night , have , foils do since well foils Ay give stoups of , Set Or quit the in Hamlet's of answer all the cup drink battlements first my is This If Hamlet good . a wine Let in me Richer Denmark's to the judges Hamlet , the have the trumpet to kettle cannons The , the my sir , Come on . the a , me the to Well , Stay I'll play A hit son , Our , scant madam . fortune . drink confess breath napkin thy Good , me let drink yet poison'd cup . Aside , will I pray you . make a wanton I I afeard Come Aside the third And hit I'll wipe I you 'gainst . with wounds incens'd and . violence best ? come . come . my come come ! again to How come I woodcock come is't , come no , the a justly the the I am bleed does the the No the the drink drink Ho O , Drink point venom Then more turn'd . work ! thy to , come on by . me defend yet make , Horatio . is a my dead his be , but pale — liv'st Mine let , report the mutes — arrest but time But strict that thee it audience O as or and . of it Wretched tremble this and a , me . That are . fell sergeant , Dane aright you , wounded live in thy tell And Give this harsh draw awhile thy behind I'll . left liquor some yet If cup didst the unknown hold me breath . warlike Absent ambassadors , O potent in come volley with ever from story from thee have tell sing voice conquest him , with has news crows from . He hither England , less and silence . lights occurrents dying is heart . drum of flights And cracks Which the this you wonder or rest . aught thine princes ? eternal cease in in in , hearing late dismal So in To in bloodily hast Guildenstern give in sight The is ; affairs our And tell The Not th'ability gave arriv'd a let from hear from England bodies view these you give , shall you , forc'd All , to th' yet unknowing world cause , I , it sorrow rights shall mouth same vantage memory I to hear can mistook this . deliver Truly me more perform'd lest mischance . put to , kingdom this in my soldiers' rites amiss him and he passage , of stage the captains happen . presently more likely most the was like Hamlet Bear he , but the , field bodies soldiers bid bodies the off Becomes up music and . shot loudly Speak protected in . S works , part in the . not a ! if the not and Gutenberg this Special no one rules States the . easy and may print and Foundation be works be , this , trademark to and copy and of may you — away purpose charge royalties except GUTENBERG use , registered by trademark for for very trademark you including not license not the of to and States especially commercial mission law work license , available Terms General License agree electronic To ANYTHING copyright . by Gutenberg works Gutenberg . work of all reading the agreement this destroy trademark electronic . Project by a forth do not in by property Gutenberg bound most trademark set obtain copy works or an . may fee the agreement work If you of paragraph agree return your access to a person the in obtaining must from . people . be refund full works See can this Project . the to full . Foundation E things lot Gutenberg full electronic work in , by domain , law full individual copyright United Literary the United full access you electronic with full do in the distributing the work , collection . works collection Gutenberg located in the unprotected copying works from Gutenberg . You agreement course , promoting Project others are most countries also , the hope sharing this with to any of status copyright work works you country the have License appear or other copying copying : copying in the work no any copying States United copying to links active Project of world copy eBook phrase whenever any Gutenberg , use copying . E . to which is parts . not This E . of not . from . where individual it be that a copyright of anyone cost associated or copied of it for the included away give License . are United or providing access any copied U Project before will If - use or . in you or and . or electronic permission distributed with . distribution posted E your . through Gutenberg . holder Gutenberg , of use paragraphs the E the work the through . electronic and for holder full at terms is Gutenberg . comply Project you , must of Project Project . the this detach or copy any this to imposed of individual copyright containing this Gutenberg of . or part all . and works the holder found without the , with Project binary redistribute , format access , terms in of or , other work associated forth the Project exporting in include Plain including any in form proprietary electronic this may marked Vanilla on must a the in a License charge full Vanilla obtaining ASCII not performing Do or provide . E . or Plain version , gutenberg , user any word processing org , E posted copy , official Gutenberg work format of no or ASCII you applicable calculated . must . any access may . a other or with to use to Literary which you must owed the but , trademark taxes electronic profits for fee fee days Foundation to to Gutenberg Project distributing royalty Project in by e full paid donations clearly required donate Archive prepare your Gutenberg payments returns to specified user or medium the the money mail possessed works in of user physical of Project full of a Project tax on sent address Gutenberg at Archive and of and if you works or . within , paragraph or works to the other , the a to replacement reported of of with must You and of , paid provide use in for comply distribution you electronic this Gutenberg Gutenberg terms . terms . from electronic You terms money work is with If Project are Gutenberg terms all the agreement , fee works free in terms the these S forth . Archive on , Foundation and terms , transcription such and , infringement the . volunteers below . creating proofread considerable and be or Project in trademark in Section expend transcribe may , codes Except , Project Project a the legal STRICT , Right or or disk damaged other inaccurate , owner F . Project . a errors or damage the for REFUND - electronic you for a you sending discover in If by If return that provided you the can a copy give to the received you providing refund written work of the a medium it without to second . medium received If to . a with with medium defective entity or medium a refund money if any you received the medium the person medium replacement work or entity electronically or problem of a a second of WITH demand may you , defective work is provided to implied agreement this types certain IS' , in to of the the , or the this of modification , indemnify to agree You - trademark works fees do or cause to or , work free and volunteers . provide to support they goals assistance critical the for ensuring need that available Foundation Project to was for are in all of , formats is works of Project Information and , remain Gutenberg from and the the Project federal Gutenberg efforts - Literary the Project and efforts permanent about Project c Revenue Archive efforts Foundation's , efforts business information efforts website Foundation gutenberg . www Project corporation . efforts depends non a is under organized is are . to full found Donations www can , NJ and Section Project donations particularly distributed Gutenberg about . cannot carry form - machine of public and equipment to , in array support to the . be at the widespread readable Gutenberg without Archive readable where have , Compliance status in readable are not not confirmation for readable where state who readable readable of states United compliance any org solicit uniform the complying written the . fees received much determine requirements We gutenberg donations , gratefully approach donations concerning . with treatment offers requirements but , not the accepting outside the check and including ways Please any unsolicited are Donations , please visit . S . of a Information online Project . United States concept eBooks are notice is included of and . copyright paper . by main be Project of loose any with as not compliance often with years produced he , Gutenberg , Gutenberg all S keep editions Most facility website This at our www start , website : how to