? and yourself me Stand ! King unfold there Who's the Long He thee bed heart . Francisco you . a Not And relief come at quiet thanks . had I Have For sick , this my do Who ground think I farewell , there is , Dane the night to Stand ho . who , has honest my place , hath liegemen ? night - I thing , there of our . tonight him Welcome it to speak and eyes minutes this approve to have hold of . him . us along , ears , nights fortified once What And us so assail That we Well hear all from pole of , story have we seen our . myself and Marcellus then off figure where the King like Look Horatio . dead , of night star bell . burns beating one — it ? Mark fear , with . wonder and that's speak it , Horatio heaven By march which the charge warlike . it Question with sometimes ? stalks away I fair that It thee speak ! I charge . thee majesty buried . of In is offended , Did speak , gone fantasy pale ! not avouch . something the my not this God mine I What How You than more Horatio think tremble and look ? own art to . Polacks when Norway an thyself ice ; not know I hour opinion knows , watch our , eruption the subject most of cast toils for me with inform And Why impress same sit , such such this might Doth Who now implements of brazen of shipwrights that week whose , Sunday toward daily mart be the make , whisper That joint can labourer me ; can goes you combat , Was Did Which he by ; a , and seal'd world known who law , King which the stood forfeit so , as to hath Shark'd Hath unimproved in recover lost it a stomach well mettle , in't diet ; to some resolutes here , and full , Now That Comes and portentous like that question our it the main it may So The and rummage other the A In As As prologue And Have Unto soft our cross thou But I'll That may be thou Which happily thou hast O speak uphoarded of in ! art , Extorted if say of which Shall , and , ease to thy . me Speak foreknowing privy For I my partisan . I heard thing crew . mockery violence majestical , warning sounding a the about then a fearful , to hies trumpet and the in . or confine To cock Upon Awake fairy The look But wholesome are takes , dew the o'er we our watch Let us So hallow'd , have heard and do in high and , have ; what in shall acquaint for us , loves to will dumb Do spirit Unto As you Break the Hamlet up young we to my advice , him know . with speak our conveniently him pray shall To bear To be our sometime wisest contracted in remembrance to sorrow , sister warlike ourselves our of and , of him , queen . fought now think a defeated eye joy dropping state in dirge and have ; funeral auspicious wife that nor of our young , our thanks barr'd herein freely gone . death brother's dear out his advantage , message of disjoint . a our you by be with the to dream , law . of lands , and this thinking fail'd those Importing our for To Who The Of further Out His You this impotent Norway much ourself to here writ hears levies all the dispatch scarcely that we Voltemand power the our . commend haste will duty allow more further your things : suit . nothing all you of bearers For In that We And told And You The That lose Than The be my throne hand to and wouldst not more thou have Denmark to came lord France coronation Denmark to , my whence leave show my though I now bend , that , pardon ? your to ? my to . leave Polonius me give seal'd my and from hard thy , my time ! go be at . son will thine leave slow , kin than hang and and , vailed a colour thy like look with on lids . must the that Denmark . much cast friend too dust . thee seems , through common not Do Seek Why it it it father thy for know'st Ay , madam noble , 'tis Nor customary it so Passing with , good . not know of inky particular , solemn , I suits of ? seem might visage of grief , of woe ; bound ; father lost for But 'Tis . his sorrow condolement lost filial do In impious a obstinate Of will . most , survivor father your and some a duties in trappings and but the and your mourning commendable know To That sweet must father , obsequious lost give a persevere term grief heaven incorrect a , and unschool'd is and be , peevish a our 'tis and corse fathers against what heart it vulgar For From Is vulgar To , for and to let woe ' vulgar so unprevailing father . are a This the dearest with of vulgar the be ; immediate less you no toward vulgar going Do which In You impart vulgar It And most vulgar of Wittenberg , eye . Hamlet . love your : you and our to , lose ; of and cheer in I And the rouse the clouds shall tell God ! unprofitable ! would , nature in unweeded this world this garden O ! to an come gross , she my she poor Why wants Within a tears post tongue . good well ! I to do forget . friend Wittenberg from that change Sir you I'll what good am But I Nor disposition faith , in , A truant I would what To We'll Against lord to make came But , do I yourself what to I is me , deep ere . the dearest my . Horatio - my it funeral . see that my , see , my Indeed Thrift my a not once mind's my In shall man , my saw , my , methinks seen had ever my My lord look Where my my was my him I He I my I his Who your father a for , admiration your attent Season With Upon The till of King an let hear may , deliver father , like with : they , me night the of watch your pie , thrice solemn eyes surprised - fear and with ; them true word deliver'd night kept , This , of , to did they him . each hands But the These comes are your both the in like ? where we ? methought did it not with them Form Did My not speak to this more was . once did morning shrunk in it as our would loud . address lord honour'd very 'Tis the And even As , my it you you , We MARCELLUS Hold indeed did writ know do , From , Arm'd my ? my and the watch ? lord . you . toe his , my you wore up ? or sorrow in countenance very anger than eyes his upon . pale , fix'd Nay , more A would , have would very been there constantly Most It with and haste one had . long While when I , grizzled was have in his life ? it silver'd sable 'twill And speak me I'll It was fare an be in . twelve , all , you you . will ; well were foul ! to mine the men's , but shall understanding loves your eleven arms All to would come to them duty loves father's My Your I sit all Though , some doubt in spirit foul play is not , blood , favour ? give . winds the doubt hear the in ; nature of ; lasting so , youth fashion . but No not Forward perfume A violet The , Hold Hamlet , and you and permanent the suppliance more . alone more does but of he , soul , now you and temple grow not as loves the this . no his , Perhaps it more virtue And The Grows For His he the give It And sanctity therefore the he in the head his fits Then weigh with too Or , you rear or of deed saying his Denmark main what voice your list chaste . dear your of shot , To Than lose And Out Virtue she The chariest the prodigal enough the the moon of dew . strokes spring be of liquid not their galls is maid 'scapes morn in the before buttons : desire youth in else , brother my to , libertine pastors way . not me fear , O Himself Whilst recks long too A Occasion double As Show me not as th'effect . and steep not path of own rede reckless his And like the puff'd here double , in thy thy character . There Aboard thought means thoughts precepts smiles And Look Be unto - not new dull soul , thou Yet by their his and thy th'opposed unfledg'd but entertainment tongue act . gaudy , voice being . Beware thee . tried of in judgement ; man the best lender be . in rank reserve palm station : not thy thy but , may ; of , thy beware chief be day ; that : friend . man . key of the keep memory Farewell you The time invites Ophelia Farewell , What my yourself shall you something Ophelia me private Given If please Have time Marry , he been well , so your — audience way of my ? lord — and me of , You speak to me a , girl made green affection many tenders a should them you call ? circumstance lord ; think what , tenders the these sterling crack — of you'll for I baby ; pay ; dearly . love a go to with . heaven lord . to . know , go ; his call springes With hath blood burns , entreatments something Set a so with as you larger tether In . at in that as fire parley as command Than Even Giving the You as Be Believe much a given their as and . sanctified mere of not must their your as . Hamlet young he he which that as believe so like may to For maiden as Lord is dye his for unholy , forth . of ? now an . the season his mean his rouse , twelve is near lord swaggering draughts and spirit does doth wake his thus - he The And kettle King The Keeps as triumph drum The Is of And And honour'd drunkards ; though of in in men takes : phrase west custom a the than breach the vicious nature Since for pith The in Or form The breaking I livery say manners virtues Being Carrying some plausive infinite As of o'ergrowth down as or in the fault particular censure . they undergo take The else Nature's the that Shall by , Doth all To his man be , stamp Fortune's as star that of may general — scandal comes . my from ! or grace it , a ! intents thy thee lord of to thee a I'll O , saw burst royal or such in , speak airs from health of ministers spirit a Angels Be with Be Dane bones ; wicked charitable , this steel jaws may of fools in ! glimpses our our should tell but hearsed thee and shake reaches some away with desire to you ? you ? did ? it of souls the to , Wherefore go with to . no means I it removed go , speak will Why then a it that pin's be should my life what thing can I'll itself ? do the to lord , what immortal , not my at fee follow will ; Do set a forth again soul . the sea form of brain Think desperation every to horrible of the many motive toys into , cliff the into , your madness fathoms . reason of sovereignty , roar , it sea lord . go him gentlemen follow that lets thee . to with I'll obey 'tis waxes ; desperate on Go after Have what not is To will the issue state Denmark no I'll , Speak him follow further . poor . unfold am when poor poor hearing to poor poor poor nature , night in days I house word blood spheres fretful stand to from stars combined hair that fast to done could upon eternal must locks like thy a foul for Doom'd Are If blood knotted soul up two each Like But and of quills eyes harrow thy flesh Revenge didst And most ! list blazon . ever and , love , list List thy as foul , in unnatural O foul Murder God But to his know't foul most Murder abus'd Is serpent A thou And 'Tis serpent crown death youth of orchard Hamlet . with that beast his shameful gifts ! my what virtuous , wit of wit Hamlet seduce will From it incestuous , of to So I whose , that witchcraft wears Now Ay me to . Will And prey garbage radiant a in to a angel it ; was falling a went made though as of heaven be decline the vow to gifts with there queen . dignity , will on on ; on on effect of body posset pour stole on hebenon porches leperous an alleys into it , blood whose ears in of in swift as cursed on did a enmity and courses my of juice With such the And And With imperfections but unanel'd of . milk did So . blood sudden a , with a . and at blossoms on my my , of Unhous'led life The thin and Of lazar - my , All sin Denmark this her thee bosom leave . her thorns couch horrible A But thy mother , luxury for And and And 'gins adieu sting to Against Taint prick the . near her be in that - shows his ! What , incest it , contrive heaven lodge once ! to act soul . well thy not glow To The to pale ; aught couple host Adieu O And I'll globe stiffly heaven In And shall all Ay And books away , my But bear me up , of trivial my thee a , my Hold Remember O distracted while , sinews , Yea , you thou youth , from commandment observation table all woman my forms fond . all set in , damned pernicious Yes smiling by shall of saws All Unmix'd Within That with may I it ! a ; to remember down villain , it and sure smile , is Now villain and ! heaven , it smile be most O O My one least am So is uncle At , Within . ho Illo be boy my wonderful it . noble lord ? by it heaven secret . man lord my heart my ? of . Denmark dwelling , heaven by then I Not No it think once . at hands more fit he's villain lord us and that without needs right , There There's You hold And , offence let that what now know and , will . request And poor tell you , faith . sword lord in . seen . swear the , Ha Never lay your Come speak said , worthy Well A day O Here are Than There How strange That As 'Well , Or 'If we That aught ambiguous ; of at or 'We , such giving me Swear mercy 'There and if if they shake me could be out — most not help Swear spirit . commend man a ; is you to gentlemen . right money these . on come was Nay That still And ever shall Give I you shall marvellous him , inquiry , you ; they sir , Paris are Look keep , him . nearer it touch you question finding , and come drift more , far charge him dishonour on in go , lord , drabbing Faith My Quarrelling no , Ay not That flash and general but put not That my outbreak savageness But A my . of his in — mind taints of do I of drift would sir believe Marry Ay seem may , laying lord Wherefore should , And As party Having youth with be prenominate , this ' consequence crimes sound working , assur'd — 'gentleman' , or . lord I . say , did this he about something consequence Where I to ' you say , ' ? marry t'other ; and in , the and was I then he yesterday him with : gaming , and thus in such a : there enter or takes with assays and of reach truth See o'ertook , brothel a 'I Or or There There then , Your bait Videlicet , b' wi' Good in , lord My my you You I lecture and advice . find God Observe I , Well , my lord . matter so ? God affrighted my ankle , other , to his gyved so knees his loosed out piteous sewing in all , look thy love been but I do ? it . foul'd of me fear truly me held for Mad know I , o'er Long of all shatter so his his shoulder up stay'd of and , arm ; brow his face all ; hard , so arm down profound bulk go me , turn'd he their on me lets . violent as him am itself , heaven , undertakings access . and given oft As , That made with that am meant thee better fear'd . is sorry quoted him it to cast common is . discretion beyond had To must grief be More This lack As It it And not I But proper in the we being love to go , Come which than , hide for to did , put , you see you be you our glean him . thus , gather our and may I as him little I to young . his youth of up to companies court living not will it there talk'd men . hath of you are , please will , hope thanks , us our you Than pleasures entreaty in , both the full majesties command . feet . you . to visit practices . our is . him and presence our changed son Go , where . you gentlemen helpful I , Guildenstern beseech instantly . and . to . of hold my you . this to , good gracious policy I of do very not the to Hamlet's hath of it And hold my my do my lord duty God , first do , The Give Both speak news shall grace tells I doubt father's it , head me is and we good from of greetings sent levies nephew's our he which 'gainst he brother and the him Polack out to suppress found arrests out sends , brief and Highness desires impotence Highness truly into look'd your sickness Highness ; was It That Was Highness Fortinbras Receives On Highness Highness To Makes before his Majesty , is , to but waste nothing Therefore majesty the since My rest Answer to This liege Were , he That Mad What I Madam is mad I true . use matter But More be ; it I us it let That Or Who remains — whilst she have and , For Thus rather we it I have a her obedience Now gather soul's shall , and the ; phrase , surmise a from awhile are doth liar love doubt stars fire , machine him not , faithful . these the that never ill hath O whilst my by his more in And above time to , mine receiv'd love must what tell here queen or desk love , mistress prince No thus , And herself no resort , of my a , the the , the very , may you the , lightness a repulsed , took messengers the no Admit the And It to Fell the time positively When said , ' . prov'd know . so otherwise , otherwise this I'd know that lead , we it this from this If truth though centre hid were I try he the . together lobby if Within further . it hid How four time I'll he At Be the not Mark So in know Where such be encounter a you I me assistant where Let assistant him I beseech you wretch O Lord me both assistant ? away give good assistant . assistant board poor assistant . reading comes do presently God me , my - mercy Hamlet a . a man are my is be . lord lord , were Honest you my ? a . You well Then would Not I , honest maggots For , my , sir if the at . gone walk daughter sun her How me And you speak you . words , read do extremity He love . far ; lord , he as not grey my is daughter Yet men old that eyes plentiful purging my you Between here lack thus crab you like most a . amber have ? grave I will him leave of . delivered humbly except my will part . You suddenly contrive the I you cannot My the These there I daughter . willingly fools you seek tedious well . My How how both ? Guildenstern , lads Good Lord friends To honoured dear ! indifferent children the happy , very shoe her favours . are we the but news true is . more me Let . world's she What . particular Then near doomsday Denmark's lord ? world a Prison , But your lord , my Fortune prison . which ; 'tis one then none , Why God , then infinite be bounded makes ambition to your , ambitious were it nutshell ; for , not me too a so To there my it is not ; I so you one a , 'tis that of light . quality shadow the dream bad mind . myself of it is that a shadow substance the count have . my outstretch'd a and by , and . GUILDENSTERN you rest you fay , I ? And . I you sent you Come , But . attended make ; other at my , but ; for , inclining am I , am , to justly , Is ? that confession anything To must enough me lord Queen sent come dear a halfpenny lord ? me our and consonancy me teach preserved withal even , by to your the But . colour . I know ever I then lord shall an Guildenstern direct what by for secrecy late ; know I the frame most goodly tell you the King we . To and Queen moult for feather ; o'erhanging , noble , sent forgone my this and action in of congregation god to , this have of custom , pestilent heavily my . discovery , so why to wherefore but , and your this in animals of ? though the angel dust there then laugh your apprehension , how like a admirable the nor , in stuff ; no say my so seem me of form , of you in thing appears in , a What faculties paragon moving you how express And delights entertainment you , on you foil and Majesty service to delight you . you Man was , you you . not coted — shall lungs , you his offer man you in , such when be welcome end delights shall humorous man whose , the , shall city delight they or . they clown lady say her laugh knight such mind king adventurous them target shall are are shall those use tickle his part o' wont for't What to take were they profit comes by ? the hold aerie , and children of No are are the quality afraid ? stages clapped eyases little themselves of afterwards like their , no longer they , if if children exclaim against than quills they and call dare can 'em has tarre to they - for't the goose so , most they much poet to make bid most they should grow them O unless Is't much boys the has they him argument , Ay not would mouths hundred something fifty my are come with you Let . natural Denmark philosophy . players and mother than entertainment like to should welcome are a , this in this . Your you lest appurtenance outward my extent welcome welcome of garb what , north , but you Happily Well be with , When you gentlemen , of they When you tell , right have : see too at his old . is . You say an I for tell . Mark indeed news . he will prophesy . the , his tragedy . history historical , or poem the . men nor on , come - comical Jephthah unlimited Then Upon , historical be . in came each actor pastoral The 'One fair - tragical O a what , my he , daughter that Nay , my a not that ? my , my have , right i' not follows , and Why , will . look . glad lord . What then abridgement chanson pious of to As . O thou , your ladyship cracked to't We'll all mistress , you and are masters gold by . my me friend most , to of a old in the Thy you as , pass came the friends thee last Com'st lady welcome , good last piece are e'en altitude We'll welcome uncurrent see a , What not to speak . heard thee . have digested well judgements I , chiefly at loved , It begin memory is affectation , but matter were honest . and live — resemble his rugged not Priam's it the sallets with down no in there said much . this Black When blood he this now With with mothers . black see it light streets damned , trick'd ominous the did , is of and murders , and parching the hellish , sons foot begins it lay more carbuncles with Roasted tyrannous heraldry couched wrath daughters in . you proceed And Bak'd God at Repugnant too he spoken short his Stoops hideous top head his fell sword flaming sword , a Ilium , discretion , wide of rage Unequal lies His where wind . declining and . arm falls the , father Takes But whiff senseless lo For ear Priam drives and base to And Of Seeming Th'unnerved , this was Which So silence nothing But a speechless death region as winds the neutral painted seem'd i' against the , sets did remorse than nothing , see often . th'air . nothing nothing , nothing still , the pause nothing , gods fiends . Prithee or to come ; 'The or beard long on of tale say good ? and for that clout o'erteemed loins a down ! barefoot in diadem the blanket up good With had , About A Where Run bisson stood upon and pronounc'd . limbs , husband's she of heaven , in's eyes . then sport — Good . let , of time their epitaph ? rest . all . has and , not speak well bestowed the in after your own man live according soon tears more out colour his you have are will used well , see thee the while them ? My After your should bodikin his after We'll , Gonzago lord ? could some lord look . tomorrow Murder of , Very To till night Guildenstern you I You tomorrow , Ay good Good . Follow Rosencrantz Is it not rogue that lord My are I player dream that ye welcome to Elsinore . here . am , conceit wan'd visage his aspect so soul working his from , eyes broken forms Hecuba That Had ? general drown ; cue the the appal speech free , I passion stage , mettled and indeed ear Am and , ear and , made defeat Upon Like - A ear Plucks off calls damn'd can nothing me very The say ear Who ear John And Confound ear Make dull ear A As ! With Remorseless Ha But 'Swounds as me this slave's , Must Prompted what a a revenge ass of am my the , Why vengeance vengeance I an treacherous have oppression make To , vengeance That , vengeance Been They struck guilty , Have murder have by vengeance though organ mine like miraculous vengeance , cursing whore fall the And like my ! About creatures the the scullion With T'assume Out of my the be As he Play the Before to something tent know May catch the the The have power have but of I'll proclaim'd I'll I with and , devil the looks his have seen , thing grounds play's spirits such conscience of this days all by him so Grating He With And can why his of quiet of lunacy circumstance confusion , dangerous himself no means distracted and will by to to aloof a true find When would a we Did he him we But . confession some ? state . well question free the of . seem on , o'er hear And We To And to 'Tis I , night as And hear heart beseech'd he play before think and To a much . him have the court these a they true the it matter and it to lord inclin'd us Hamlet , myself , lawful , or judge seeing frankly he suffers you . for his I wonted honours your both him wildness your And And That thus part , obey shall I your Hamlet's Madam ourselves show you bestow That 'Tis Whether , or slings 'tis nobler them ; And The To Devoutly That The insolence patient , love the takes make , whose the might , might might , might moment cast turn thought not from bear cowards the Thus might traveller that a might that puzzles , returns us does the great fly And o'er others to enterprises name ! their with regard And thus With sicklied And the Be honour my I humbly Ophelia action of My And That with things words , the these again honour'd my my my Ha you my fair ? my your you lord My ! my your beauty your , my ? lordship fair and to honest my Could , what it ; to it , my lord believed shall I we relish it I you not our inoculate so cannot virtue . breeder be accuse deceived loved . I things such ? to ways the play . may heavens . lord thy . us ? none sweet snow him as , men : a ; fool go nunnery nunnery for wise know , pure well ; heavenly O I'll , dost as chaste , enough . wilt not monsters thou shalt thou if what ! you say , your , nunnery ! sword , vows and , mould the deject most music of tune harsh , fair state quite form wretched of down . his honey feature of and of O that me see way , soul disclose , little him beating the of something ? England : to , on't puts think in countries our still . tell love and well from Sprung The not yet his shall . him the shall or she entreat said his I believe . please . ear in find If her be you him him . not , all alone , confine unwatch'd . trippingly you , I gently passion for do all , speech It wisdom Your if you I - may but crier a , robustious hear are give rags periwig have a of , thus , tongue , as the - it that smoothness use say - I temperance and your beget soul to mouth noise warrant let honour Pray ears , to capable I town the whirlwind such split part out , your own be your . your it this , nature the mirror ; discretion action for but . nothing avoid . anything at the , have age nature it to I that gait both , image very special them your in be that O the and playing , whose her as hold scorn unskilful cannot and , I the . speak that to will of so have the of the there humanity had , abominably with the ready Go make you pitiful . a most play no sir set set we indifferently , us play your , How King hasten lord ? and GUILDENSTERN haste . them my , ho , at a just as withal ! cop'd service . your e'en . hear been ? flatter'd be the lick hinges . mistress , rewards , mingled wear of much too , and I Give so buffets Fortune's . are - Fortune's me and a she passion's core thee . ay , the comment of , it of a scene have Even Do mine Observe do is I prithee For As It is not , I Which And stithy unkennel that are will eyes I . Give judgements note foul play the playing , theft , air , the Polonius . capons eat so ? cousin the you answer To Polonius lord ; you My Hamlet feed this faith of crammed you ? was and , What did lord th'university now kill'd I . Julius enact did , mine nothing I No nor did I brute of a I was No shall . King To head , you here's metal mother I ! your do lie your ? lap in lord . lord upon country I my lie maids' . lord lord lord . my my is are You What ! cheerfully - jig long . O , heavens then ! great a hope Nay ? Nay let die man's must - hobby , the , he build , churches horse - hobby , lovingly is , of neck upon makes show her very , Queen his King a whose on by'r there's sables whose whose whose Enter She . whose action and . whose , takes exits off . to The . She , The his seeming the woos means accepts his this mallecho ; it awhile mischief . play ; play a ? clemency you For Is , the or hath gone Tellus' a this your for our patiently my thirties been our sheen , of . round and , commutual in hearts Since the thirty salt women's me Make So many again count is times sacred journeys o'er are your sick did . be and ere love , Yet love nothing the from you , may I you us , love is aught fear In grow , siz'd or former of state , quantity though distrust : fear is know , in , it proof love love littlest great powers , leave , doubts , thee is as Where My shalt and this functions and grows great fair their great the my And Faith Where base A do believe we is do the but unshaken fruit 'tis ourselves what is we in doth of ending The Their joy revels violence Where The The And For But him him and Nor him give my cheer anchor's lock when him second nor contrary . our and him the blanks hence and here Both him what Meet If would repose To opposite that him a have once To well , wed thy in pursue I be , here . strife lasting I , tedious day , prison An . Sleep grow deeply never And Madam , protests like , you lady , argument but O , What do poison ? call , how ? methinks name This no in keep offence her you do and we jade is a jest it withers piece Tropically . the Gonzago gall'd , see in . Mousetrap no ; of : a . not . his wife dallying could This are you between a good , and keen you and doth , hands apt season , drugs . of Come , the no ban , midnight dire immediately property , natural weeds thrice blasted His choice in estate . The anon see the . Gonzago's of life and fit , You story , agreeing collected name's wife how lord my fares Give Give How the All , lights light sleep , was here players dismantled pajock dear — might take ? ghost's my . very thousand , Of very realm , perceive . lord ? very Didst pound very very very for the comedy , you . history sir The , a , what , King sir Ay in , drink , lord Good vouchsafe word with ? him to to itself me for , am tame , great you to affliction spirit hath . and so me your right , the my it If . of not business pardon and is will breed . cannot my the be shall I , you into is sequel and amazement . admiration behaviour . desires She speak obey to shall , at thus more can heels , We , if , love . stealers You ? the . did our closet her door How can Good lord your while sir but the , if drive is for surely himself your do something musty you love is cannot . I , me I I do as Believe . pray . you cannot these now you music command to me sound I with your But , to compass yet the Queen you , in , you can speak , God , 'Sblood almost what upon shape a is it played be on yonder and the is backed a 'tis mass By Methinks will like me . a I whale my I Contagion of be Nero nature this , cruel not thy to her and When By 'Tis now the and bitter look soul Let daggers my . ever bosom ; firm ; hypocrites shent , soul in , be but unnatural . none you . dispatch with . lunacies doth hourly provide keep And he of Out will and religious fear your upon To live That Most those and The commission madness his The That keep The single lives strength armour depend gulf It a cease 'noyance upon with on near To it but like is a highest the of petty ruin boist'rous annexment small sigh Never this speedy which , and Attends Each mortis'd huge many of . when it consequence but pray now and haste us , voyage , home o'erhear audience wisely and partial you you nature of that as the you meet And speech call I'll upon 'Tis The Since . Fare what , hath my , My Though a pause than man inclination stand Were offence is defeats Pray ! be guilt stronger like rank murder primal eldest I if in itself . What of twofold fall ? mercy up look what me O turn My thicker the forestalled being . Or fault serve for own I am the and ambition currents , of retain th'offence , rests ? the And shove the faults cannot bosom O wretched what repentance state can true is his in can , justice not there But may hand There In give what ! Help and may All soft stubborn , struggling What , it soul ! Art now I'll do't it I O . all He sole my That , as , his audit our in And With heavy with crimes his And is , do and as knows thought ? hent his salvation may trip Then As hell whereto , sword The rises goes it Up he is , his King never , thoughts Look you have straight will without This words My Words come He him Much And your pranks heat and I'll hath Grace him you him and my thoughts been too home broad . between with him , to bear here , stood with mother silence round not e'en me . round round round . round round wicked ? offended . so brother's , forgot how you , come Why the my wife mother husband's you to rood the your , so till those . may thou you go , come What Behind , wilt Dead Behind a ? I ! ho , Nay I not hast me know what rash bloody a kill marry bad his a , thy sit intruding my Ay to too busy Take fool brother 'twas , hands your thee . I king As lady , deed bloody A is let me wring custom rude , for penetrable bulwark thou modesty thy sense stuff is took That it In If If proof , shall , braz'd it be made damned there of . solidity this The - dicers' the And Such an That Is Look tristful of from as and as sick roars so Yea visage Heaven's words like like eye See Hyperion's give the , the upon his world seem assurance a you husband husband your brother . mountain Ha ? ear eyes to for ? a indeed kissing , Mercury command , you ? and moor love is it's age feed like ; tame , sure have , what and : this apoplex'd Eyes That without eyes feeling at such batten on this you not so of What - sans part O of ecstacy , it flaming or a difference ! bones , sense madness hands , sight one sickly cozen'd , feeling quantity . devil blind sense a virtue , her And Hamlet mine When the compulsive itself tinct their leave into such spots , charge Proclaim . fire in canst let in frost I And youth reason speak my soul . bed corruption rank not will ; more Over honeying . very grained black , to sweet ; to of , the , twentieth tithe And king No lord is A of in ears . your Save shreds Do you to chide , by command your figure , patches and hover me important son Is amazement whet . on and her in your and thy thy almost and ? go mad This and say of time not and laps'd come and lets blunted O and Alas , how with eye do And do the and How eyes the you with it That sleeping like the Your and soldiers ? is to you up And , at bend your alarm of heat and the . thy distemper to you action Then ; colour on form capable piteous not preaching make My want true stern you see yet him On Nothing Do ? see . is that nothing as at there all but the portal very even yours of now his there you My Look My makes as as healthful music . It . bodiless very temperately is test , he where corruption but unction for word ; your within to Confess place , cunning in . keep to Ecstasy Infects unseen , the in For not but , yourself what Forgive on fatness the compost to , virtue times pardon me past And I gambol rank skin for cleft thou curb itself away of good , is must leave my half , in to pursy my , throw virtue who all sense it uncle's , good and if not to part other yet you purer , it in livery , live That change more when almost next that habits evil with have doth eat ; easy stamp or Once devil The next , same or bles'd this For to . can shall I I I death The I must gave be of potency either And be him , desirous you wondrous I'll do must their be I Thus To punish will begins One and only worse I bad cruel , I What Not bloat King tempt shall this Let wanton Pinch ravel am this , fair cheek the him on do again to bed you mouse , do bid pair good , sense the and , own down from , creep breath from basket famous , ape have neck , fly from assur'd , life from to to be hast you from from breathe from made . said of know life I if England , thou I will seal'd . trust the the sport knavery , as : Whom I I There's bear marshal And And them I with Hoist letters lug man shall . one petard I'll When now Who sir , in good the one at Good , mother . toward an foolish most . end understand sighs night was Indeed neighbour most and , draw to still most life a with . what us fit them both fit ! hath kill'd is Where ore love everyone deed , divulging man not it of his Among what is divulging divulging gone , come , divulging majesty divulging ? he shall Gertrude the on divulging I bring this ! hath haste mountains and and he fair join will we But both from the shot o'er know Into And done untimely Gertrude , we'll call what to O cannon both , world's discord and dismay here ? the dead body . Hamlet lord , with whereto ? that made counsel Do own to ? a , what Believe keep to a ; service to be the to it bear And of to your what sir , you for a his to to it should King , he in do to , replication and you glad I , swallowed : when I them me officers the the the soaks needs corner up But tell A , such , sponge my lord be gleaned his in with you , shall have , dry again ear body and sleeps not knavish go us the with to . The body the and all him that strong man to to He's like never where the This Deliberate By Or offence desperate What at desperate him pause not th'offender's judgement of Who their law this the seem is How sudden so 'tis How sending , my lord the Without We dead body ? cannot Where of convocation for diet certain emperor two dishes of eat a , and for maggots — service ! end king through guts not stairs find mean show . a of Where . may beggar Polonius heaven seek Send thither shall yourself see within , tender , this we for you Go He deed will Attendants as . your if messenger not there into him there . come him , as especial . till we dearly grieve , safety thyself prepare hence thee at everything the . England ? our Farewell . mother them that So sees Thy if is . it Good . But , thou Hamlet . England man and for . with him you if thereof Danish my yet and and Tempt . seal'd him and Come mother , speed . at imports power thou cicatrice may sword at aught coldly , done , joys my Till me , I were my in cure thou Our letters conjuring to that red After Pays homage to us , which it he know me by my like the . Go And For conveyance . know hectic his of the rendezvous . lord We If that softly with us ; march promis'd a Majesty do't will , are so . I Poland of part . sir , Norway Who commands some , but not the it in or addition of name garrison'd defend ducats peace , straw this of much wealth ! without . thousand and , humbly souls debate inward man th'imposthume Why God That Will thousand is the it twenty and no shows . a market A with that to If And Looking and gave us more my a is little before man ? whether but do know to , it reason godlike unus'd or , not Examples quarter'd on and large of made To Bestial thinking , to as this th'event means To do't spirit that Even too precisely one do strength coward say thing's , part wisdom I in great , invisible and , stand . a unsure death stir find a I to twenty , fight of death graves numbers the at a sleep How without stake and my thousand stain'd then dare straw mother cause the try cannot while reason father imminent is slain be Her To My the thoughts not , importunate , will is She needs She There's needs That needs of , sense words the botch Which needs , needs needs The And soul Let , come , in with for she . may , strew nature true is amiss great guilt to be some spilt Denmark should hat and ? staff love ? shoon cockle another true one is sandal lady gone ? and sandal a head is dead He you sandal How is At sandal . gone sandal , turf sandal sandal . showers not sweet the - did go . mountain mark you Pray as , lord , snow ! grave look bewept They ! you , say Conceit do owl have , are we you means All morning maid at this upon words say day but father of the Valentine's the donn'd chamber dupp'd be Valentine window in Tomorrow Then Let And is your Saint , that maid Never an maid , the a I up And your . and fie , Indeed la You By and , they Gis without would , men Young ! on't end an make I'll Saint shame they come to't Charity , tumbled , before , to will hope it , good would . she my done ha' Quoth I Cock , promis'd hadst me How be think . And hath come thank lay We long So An all weep of must been be him i' thus well I you they her sweet , give good ; cold your good watch father's . her , grief Gertrude he single ; Gertrude author but and muddied spies whispers people their him done ; violent all these . father springs most . First remove to inter we , hugger from mugger death ; and , her or in ear , slain have thoughts beasts clouds mere infect greenly , as pictures keeps matter father's , beggar'd to death is this , death , this . door the , more rabble The . offices , flats the head impetuous in the Save Antiquity O'erbears young And , 'Choose ratifiers They Where Than ocean The Eats as forgot ! tongues , hands 'Laertes your and Laertes of word Danish false are you ? without Sirs . broke all . leave dogs counter you is The trail false in give me , We you Danes let's , good Laertes pray . I you cuckold Even thy , him Cries here blood me Keep That Let What such divinity peep — Of calm . giant Do cause , person brow not hedge the my true mother , devil , father only throughly what , I point to to . worlds comes ; To That I , But To How , Most the both hell Let my means , all ? death Winner . foe ope speak you my - I'll and loser both know writ is't good like a good now , death your . What How It And heat Burn the my ! heaven , dry O Like am most as level sensibly day does to father's for grief . 'pear eye to now Within . brains scale our By out sister . be virtue and thy turn , Dear Till madness beam , a an it hey a bier nonny . of maid's ! persuade dove ! fine 'tis man's old and , love in as be Nature It - becomes wheel than stole thus . remembrance nothing's 'Down it a you daughter pray for and that's , it of . here's made remembrance thoughts madness is there more for you may difference . when good , but , hell died I end rue herb She bonny end for rue to and end ? all end end , snow poll . as he cast end . wi' again come , he no All And all of gone , was flaxen He Laertes Do Make they deny whom right must you this wisest , commune or we and all our collateral 'twixt , life our us If I me by commune choice shall find crown Our direct touch'd give commune this shall jointly of with your you kingdom commune you but grief commune call give friends ; your with commune will lend we you Be No be . in nor hatchment , bones . heaven ostentation 'twere as heard That with the shall is you great axe fall to from , So let . me . part not from . Sailors should do be Let I greeted know what , you , come that him . from sir bless bless am I . and't please shall from , There's . too thee pirate of thou the ourselves grapple alone But the will fly thee King I at means days . good thou bore . Guildenstern . dumb good I instant put , On they thou make ear of speak like for as the letters ; we these were compelled Ere on They have got us gave a am dealt to have too for yet much matter to turn of me repair words where I Come to clear our knowest much have the These . speedier that the am of Rosencrantz to thine thee you direct , them my your noble . things else . in . his all unsinew'd special it the my by me , and life but moves yet may feats up The . I count by so you , You safety perhaps they almost Lives Which by to that faults general not my looks but to to But Convert could as Too Would have where have all back , him affection wood so so I reverted great love a into father aim'd again their , that stone lost them come revenge mount loud a , more flat . terms . my ourself , What lord Queen . age will dull danger hear shook and — the news we to from this Majesty brought I receiv'd them hear say Who my to by me , lord him us . them not them am brought that kingly . see return the eyes Are strange Claudio they Sailors They were shall you ' I know Leave , come rest no character Know this and pardon the the some such ! mean all ? back ' ? he by ? be it my o'errule he be — Laertes how So thine checking , to lord me heart But in him my tell diest 'Thus warms shall To more he shall ripe I and If . at to the for an exploit , in fall means him breathe shall it now will , undertake it mother his but death No peace not Ay , no lord rather Under And if been It might you I ; right could wind choose , organ . my now call You that say together one As , the is , in . lord riband livery and in careless , cap the light Than for his , Here on , youth . of grew brought demi topp'd thought becomes that , of such can age and natur'd French — his and . wondrous been forgery of I a graveness no against was settled beast he was't he his his but unto he Norman . what brave Come short shapes and . far my , indeed the the is , your especially sight their nation report masterly rapier for had The be in exercise . so nothing o'er to Sir neither could swore you he Hamlet , 'twould you them out out cried your and art For . guard report beg ? you . abate That should in nothing of A We And goodness own we this the hands ; much too his As That show cut To his father's a , as would : many your yourself comes Dies there then , are undertake deed ? i' bounds know shall this do you being , fine with ease , that all , you praise home chamber together of you , from fame , put And in for do't pass , so free your on wager The , within your you a generous A Requite and . shall those little , cataplasm so it practice , a that unbated peruse a Let's be time and that . of , sword anoint knife point . should , second wager proof back a in in more motion solemn through our Therefore that both look think further may convenience shape of , fail hold performance might — dry this means project to have end and see stuck . him , Laertes another's Queen sweet is shows O tread . sister's , now How Our purpose chance the for he escape hold there venom'd they Drown'd doth fast One So follow Your fantastic nettles pendant , drink , her trophies native distress her spread herself grosser , weeds name and be could it from wretch a Which Pull'd Till , Fell Alas is . thou hast with her death element . But long , gone , tears ; to out will nature my of I ; blaze , holds Adieu that start Therefore this do Gertrude would it her to , calm his rage ! wilfully crowner seeks when , make finds . For an , it found to — Here drown ; if se be but and , it cannot I man drowns marry But nill him he . wittingly herself me , been ? that , water is own law . himself not is stands him themselves not is't , have this Come grave , in thou truth , his that life a she . If buried drown the , ditchers . more . and Why thou or my Could dig How , that . If digg'd a What art . the the bore a he , gardeners gentleman was is maker the than either ? or answerest — me thyself Go to , purpose , confess , the how , frame ill thee Ay - well well thy gallows in those that do outlives carpenter that for faith . mason to well thou ill dost Now . To't do , I your dull that now maker' Yaughan ; fetch me asked liquor more Mass question . did love houses when it stoup makes about , cannot tell . are till ; a meet nothing for time Methought was methought , thy Cudgel with - it in age grave feeling youth when his O very sweet was , easiness I the . clutch , jawbone once could Cain's . the 'twere , might that land into sing politician which a circumvent it How been the steps such would , ground ! th' tongue if and shipp'd me in his knave the did this God . 'Good lord meant , Ay such which - spade Worm's my Did my so with loggets a to mazard , see't at . pickaxe e'en - ' ? O A , For a of a For these Mine 'em Lady now bones Here's fine chapless . a guest for spade clay cases , knock , knave of his the not this Why , dirty fellow now he , shovel Hum . This There's Why does . his suffer . might and with recoveries a him Is vouch no of his of in's not great double the vouchers , battery ? tricks ? and of his . Will of his with vouchers his sconce inheritor , ones very the ? dirt The must - will I . skins - lord ? skins sheep calf grave's sir sir out for in't . Whose . yet not meet thou 'tis lie , thine is liest . yours . thine is not , on't such pit quick for to , be the quick not say dost For , lie a woman dost ; in't part my no 't sir What How ! is , sir but is , the toe — kibe these by three years I was absolute One near By the , must to be buried in't ? or the the her taken comes dead . thou . that equivocation the sent and came hast peasant very day England into . Fortinbras maker - to't ? year Hamlet How ? he fool born that o'ercame , th' i' tell , he that Ay ; that , Every was that marry he that mad tell , Hamlet because that not Faith that strangely came he they mad Upon How , e'en , here How in , he long scarce will a is a now he will in die i' ? many year his , dead ? years ? last th'earth rotten or , fellow's mad eight be your tann'd he skull - was it skull sore another sir great . water three know I ? him A pestilence . Takes on , see , and hung how . him , my I in abhorred the . poor of , that at Where , that were let favour ? it me me Let Horatio your borne imagination ? his skull knew I He gambols set now excellent most thousand my looked laugh grinning it rises how flashes Not of merriment tell that , my o' so smelt What's , now one get roar to you me ? may Dost so . this Alexander find Horatio E'en To uses return E'en a not 'Twere why returneth of stop that loam ; it consider into as thus to a stop that , a that dead to t'expel ! doth some betoken , comes the the keep earth Caesar , hole Here their the flaw winter's . desperate that Queen , estate . hand lodg'd order doubtful far was the as been . have obsequies that , Yet Her Till but should last and pebbles her and be . her dead and allowed should For charitable be , she strewments there Must no the - parted souls unpolluted be the , have Sweets shouldst hop'd thought I When - not I thy have have . wife sweet Ophelia ? priest ; woe once Till And bed my to Scattering o'ertop flat her Hold pile thee Now Of Whose wicked the quick you the earth a while in have The This of is ! soul , not in me pray'st take thy something Away thy well the hearers whose . splenative fingers devil and whose phrase sorrow stand . Dane from wiseness though Which let Good my son , him fight will no be will forty thou mad is , Until , I ? weep woul't , show ? eisel 'Swounds Woul't Woul't . What he of , love Make Ossa Singeing his is work female dove , him , mouth , are golden the awhile you , on the drooping may his . day upon , thee matter , the mew Hercules ever is Let pray your Till then hour Gertrude quiet to grave . So do , was my Now see circumstance . this much in of patience me the all be ? other all all let ! lord pall divinity - all plots indiscretion it sleep a the That Worse prais'd Our a all would in mutinies for serves , bilboes all kind . the in certain and sometime shapes that Methought I , know teach should hew There's to fears packet I mine My grand their find out them so to , and making , in , had fine command exact , Denmark's knavery ! commission royal with such ho head supervise should many forgetting ; health several I found too England's Horatio grinding the and leisure the axe life more to my , at me with , it as our wrote I — fair statists , learning : now me it and fair what Wilt wrote sir labour'd — villanies sat effect my lord service yeoman's The How A forget to Devis'd once baseness , the tributary I but , less . was How Not shriving that seal'd death these or more know like bearers to their , put time allow'd sudden model the of that Danish , signet , the purse ? known in in safely seal ; the it other my was . next this . points nature comes , go to this make my own opposites fell employment . defeat and love the ! this me grow ; insinuation baser king when their thee what , Of the . conscience come him from our England . perfect business interim forgot Laertes of his of . his bravery tow'ring passion I'll Into of a grief , here comes portraiture That to the sure Peace is lordship more Your you gracious ; for I thank . to back Dost . this ; beast good know my , let king's fertile a No a possession were ; from diligence all in your if , lord at and , land stand Sweet is and lord It believe , No to you lordship 'tis your sultry me cold cold , wind complexion 'twere for . my is good you faith . an in me — Sir . head your he — the Sir tell cannot has is most ; gentry full , matter that , beseech faith , for Laertes very soft me continent no would in , extolment such his mirror his th'arithmetic sail quick dizzy the suffers soul you part in . Indeed , would . gentleman a lordship ? Sir breath rawer do't more his his article . our ? sir , in , tongue in to What understand nomination another possible Is't His is empty already you yet know are him , not — compare to in he's the . in himself know were laid him on him poniards , carriages done the we till . if , Danish . cannon on But could assigns you as the , sir edified against would all : hath , our would Barbary King , Why immediate answer a He if . in my would you come sir exceed , here with the me but deliver what Let , the lord walk the I King of I re sir ; gain hold purpose his nothing my are shell the . Thus kind a the them blow trial , only of , he — brings if Osric sends He or as the , lord My to the follow you the . the coming provided , the to the continual ill how been in think have . I not my Nay , such obey , say . and perhaps hither dislike , your If it if be has no , Come Give Was't awake Roughly Hamlet If your am I have with you I . you sir are Laertes does , Hamlet madness himself away , Hamlet Laertes . madness His wrong be wrong'd If't the His . of His terms no will in His masters and , elder this His satisfied . aloof some revenge His ungor'd your And not , it it embrace will receive offer'd voice frankly come . me i' fiery mock You the them well my lord ? know young off indeed . Cousin darkest , this . the the You o' I have , the fear he since the too heavy have the . the therefore odds length ? the both side the seen a the , table another . good And King all quit Or If Richer Denmark's In King the The crown than the that have heavens the kettle drink the of answer in shall Let on . lord . the drinks you Come . hit . pearl this . again Well drink is ; awhile by . thine you do . Hamlet drink not . you pray . brows . me . of . dally but violence conscience my . your with a Say so . on best . You do Laertes scuffling are Come they , come . come come ho , Osric is come Queen . with my come own Queen bleed . come I the drink to the ! the , drink How the drink , the She no the No O here , in Hamlet . do , hour The . Lo Thy , mother's here practice foul in King's poison'd blame . Then Treason OSRIC , to I but . Dane ? here , follow thee cause my . unsatisfied believe it Dane than . go ; liquor Roman and I am this could I aright . left . sergeant a hold shall , ever thus . thee breath Heaven , I'll , heart pain , me in standing Things in this my warlike ambassadors from th'election has news crows . and , silence lights the Fortinbras with . He . have On So tell heart him solicited thee flights of Now This What woe or wonder , proud cell . a at dismal give shot your sight is in of is aught quarry What in in cries commandment thanks in that England is thank upon this you bloody . question in death England in should , hearing us late , bodies hear you to yet and unnatural , inventors' the , put by judgements , accidental , with have For me Of But that minds men's plots To And Even his now Which from while mouth let are On For Bear , four like a captains to he soldier had most likely music royally and ; bodies loudly Speak Take up The the , so the . Foundation that means law Creating terms not and trademark electronic license you trademark , set permission a United without the General Terms GUTENBERG except for , copyright these in part the works , United of Project for may you to States and is commercial . copyright be use , in law United especially the . by Gutenberg do the copies . You works eBook complying . with for this of of may eBooks practically ANYTHING redistribution printed Redistribution by way all this terms of online Project part this Project understand , with promoting mission , works electronic agree gutenberg in other Gutenberg Section A trademark and you . to Project accept electronic work , you reading or must cease copy a , by abide and agree not Gutenberg you do for you , obtaining work agreement any with full terms of Gutenberg agreement can Project owns There that bound Gutenberg Project whom of electronic you even C without associated B to below works The or States of electronic works . are lot . copyright domain , collection law we do in the the the in , long as performing as Of work all E below Project terms to Archive in Foundation individual United the the keeping work You . work keeping Project this easily promoting we hope Gutenberg Project freely Project terms attached without full in access to an in works the . If right and United claim references a to prevent the of it with change of of share you The . format with copyright work of name If addition to on based , Copyright laws outside this the where you the downloading the removed the works copying in . laws its before representations constant . in D you makes work The references with all . displaying the Foundation any performing terms any in must the or work Gutenberg any Project to links to of a appears Project Gutenberg , anywhere or . any use United States most appear the laws the distributed posted copied does eBook check eBook If using law permission charges providing , notice a contain derived . texts not If the at copy country holder United Gutenberg either with permission redistributing the copyright the www . you can work requirements . the E . permission comply with must set If linked imposed for trademark . E will additional be with . Do part work , or of this Gutenberg holder . Additional terms of redistribute without Project work Gutenberg part . paragraph . the Gutenberg to sentence , forth , display access marked , up You work Do work . from posted the this E . copies Vanilla or other Project , you processing . may immediate or Gutenberg format of the work in cost website fee , copy , or include no at However if you a . displaying its Gutenberg provide including form any binary access proprietary work , Project . reasonable or charge . to or of of fee comply with form as distributing to Gutenberg . or for the provided distributing charge copying . for any E works E . works Gutenberg profits using The fee is method he has owed . of providing or the prepare the be paid Project you Royalty your works taxes you derive Royalty or are . specified Project . the sent which of full to user a a the to or a for with possessed in a works . works the of . within a refund of days , full Gutenberg all Gutenberg destroy discontinue you the terms of work a charge agreement on the of permission different distribute fee works of this to copy of work Gutenberg . E effort . Project , by collection to F Project do S as , not are forth trademark electronic set from the Gutenberg Gutenberg U Gutenberg works works LIMITED WARRANTY described , Refund , owner of the or Right Project disclaim for that , the the damage or defective or by DISCLAIMER , DAMAGES equipment your other under damages THAT Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg liability . Replacement to you in Literary electronic YOU work YOU . on the the OF REPLACEMENT days of paid written of or with a the medium providing If you . received The you any if provide the medium . explanation physical receiving - If you , copy provided medium from can a in refund medium - or . refund set IS' of 'AS medium implied of certain this the medium give a you electronically replacement demand a person the problem to you may fix right provided or disclaimer the If the warranties or by the Some any F . shall be of states not limitation the shall the electronic not this to indemnify Gutenberg and and You interpreted to applicable limitation any , any agent or to provisions owner copies this agree of agreement this employee and hold . any promotion , or that agreement production which , you legal works distribution do , directly : the by readable Information deletions any or computers exists Project because they Archive and assistance goals of available need the in all of , synonymous the and provide to walks of free of Mission of aged formats old efforts - in works electronic including to was for information under tax granted Literary Gutenberg and the to or status is Foundation the Literary of efforts profit Internal the - gutenberg help , a laws by tax federal efforts . efforts identification by efforts Plaza and links contact . be can official Section efforts information federal Contributions - tax deductible Foundation's organized Project Foundation efforts Gutenberg Literary the be widespread org Gutenberg Foundation's small tax Many maintaining can widest of up website by readable the licensed works readable and regulating takes To SEND it readable not the effort with we these and readable array to distributed freely readable , Foundation equipment . considerable States readable While where , Compliance The charities requirements have DONATIONS not any unsolicited concerning Gutenberg . treatment for any compliance to meet donations of do confirmation compliance org donate . we prohibition we from of . cannot received donation . donations org the be To other small know states who from staff . works of card a in swamp of network he , years www . General Michael Gutenberg eBooks with not eBooks of was Project Gutenberg works that of printed Thus . loose . the with anyone a of with which at facility make help donations , Archive subscribe