Stand unfold ! Stand . Stand Stand Stand , Stand . bitter ? guard heart , Marcellus . them ? ground there . Who . the ho , Stand . Barnardo Say , has thing , appear'd nothing but belief 'tis have I says let to appear . story ears assail our have we of this , down . it come , sit let night of us , That are What we Had made yond Where it course that's Marcellus one — where thee break his westward King to the not scholar Most like . usurp'st that ? the of and this Question What art with In thou Together that By it 'Tis , Horatio this ! You and ! my Without ! Is it ! Such When frown'd he the was stalk martial once art very combated Norway strange armour when in Polacks . the our by gone scope and me , my what In With particular gross strange and eruption to of subject cast implements the strict same down this of daily for from the ? the week this me last ; Our appear'd so King valiant emulate our a all those known who and the seal'd him , compact esteem'd pride of heraldry , lands ; Fortinbras , same there other , enterprise here , of appear , list diet unto us by to lawless and state strong , I our our those , And well of . haste sort no our Is Of was it palmy and tenantless state the mind's wars Rome of eye , of trouble Julius the . in of gibber mightiest star , blood eclipse , fates demonstrated countrymen where , Lo to good any sound Speak thing and to me , or . may fate avoid me to done of speak use voice , me thy foreknowing , art If speak speak Do , speak I at it , Stay the O thou Or speak , of say treasure hast uphoarded you partisan speak speak , violence so not here stand here invulnerable , here ! here majestical here here crew thing , throat morn , of the cock night that 'gainst is power the hath , mantle eastward and in high by my part planets russet have my , him life I this acquaint speak tonight advice hill clad believe charm gracious , and morn of dew watch up we shall us in consent , and our morning conveniently death and with our it brow of that , in grief one discretion wisest sometime jointress , remembrance a one with to our think ourselves queen , nature whole , death worth our out dear have our of supposal surrender brother for this So all you better Your In to With Now along , wisdoms this pester and . of bonds time . of is with advantage , law with his those of us message , and business : have Fortinbras , levies hears made all rid bed and full , and that your scope power more allow show will we . commend haste than personal old Voltemand , suppress in the . King your , doubt it and For To bearers of you the no further . our . Laertes ? father , to thou is the hand voice . of be more have Denmark of throne instrumental the not wouldst reason What to the offer return France to my not native , the offer Laertes ? offer , offer offer offer done to willingly confess bend your gracious your I that duty came Dread bend My them again father's your And bend bend bend Aside bend . now thy little best you I laboursome my , wrung ; petition will seal'd him leave ; clouds too I nighted a nature common , all so Ay seems , Seek , madam not Nor , Nor denote actions that These shows visage eye , the river moods truly within and the might of seem , woe play suits Hamlet passeth haviour me forms Nor my of cloak , black breath of , the , grief , persevere bound unmanly to will must To must be thing our 'tis opposition a fault as , term to But . condolement most we Fie dead , most no dearest toward retrograde , us my Denmark that cannon earthly too the , flat uses slaughter itself ! solid resolve - Everlasting all ; Oh ! self stale ! Fie canon How ! on't fie , too ! face a excellent a king nay That things me ! and was to this this two so ! rank of and mother ! him month she Why ere , name father's yet appetite earth old ! she of discourse and she shoes poor my Frailty , within is eyes galled a unrighteous married wants woman thy most her cannot of dexterity salt Hercules of she Ere Had With married , my heart to lordship of wicked , nor I , am of of left the O not . poor your , of do ! myself of tongue to : you I to your same friend with ? you Wittenberg , And Sir change make The what glad I would disposition even from Wittenberg you make . you see to But Against We'll I think , prithee I Thrift thrift I I had met my I ? day , my see the dearest . king , all that father marriage foe eye once upon My , Saw ? think I for his saw I look , take like again . these till admiration of , ear witness I a for ! me had like your father march , point . exactly , and oppress'd stately fear - surprised , distill'd of act not with ; By And to jelly truncheon's , In with they dreadful as the of The lord But thing had each , I was platform not you upon , These But It lifted answer motion , the even But Itself at the As I And do And to then like from vanish'd it sound . you . lord , my , We and lord do my Arm'd top Both From to ? toe O countenance , red , in than pale . Nay his eyes Most had I would It And . amaz'd . very and BARNARDO might . hundred tell . longer I haste like would MARCELLUS Longer when to , noble father's you my warrant my hitherto in shall it watch have I as A walk 'twill tonight will . well tongue no , So . conceal'd hap your fare farewell , twelve well ; were not is the : them eyes men's deeds foul you : come will Farewell not sleep . his in not nature ; not does as the he nor Perhaps of soil will his no wide And virtue The greatness himself health and yielding his choice . wisdom Then his of on must head the therefore in voice ; Denmark your of loss main the Then Than with To Ophelia his what unmaster'd heart credent ear it , my your of . dear treasure , sister ; his chaste your fear in , the importunity rear danger beauty is of to calumnious the of disclos'd . near good ungracious thorny and puff'd a And , too And The Laertes . no his thought by but no means adoption their hoops and with with entertainment tried steel of ; Beware in comrade . thy that in and chief and the the thy then follow must all : thy oft dulls loses borrower thine as own thy the false thy both thy to edge , not my invites What is't you please So Marry me time of Given private audience your to you so as free most very and 'tis oft of to you you , tell on me must bounteous . tenders , girl ? them think . baby ; pay ; phrase . dearly fool love go , to lord my . soul , daughter both , making , time ; leisure this time Hamlet your the moment from Lord ways . is very eager air twelve . draws walk to lord ? his takes upspring Rhenish thus . native am ; is a the and other east with of it at perform'd attribute our particular nature of they his choose some and forts complexion too much that of Fortune's stamp as they may man censure The . substance scandal own it , lord grace or or thee call but me ! Hamlet , O hearsed , I'll a intents me Why Have To thou Hath to thee Dane . bones the ! sepulchre jaws steel , mean why and marble ! may in the of nature souls we ! do it we and ! the corse , again horridly beyond , shake reaches our ! of fools our What to you To you to do with impartment . courteous what alone more with not speak no . it again thing my Why , what , the flood dreadful his o'er you the toward some summit the horrible reason it , of every brain . many so hears It I'll And on Go off not shall shall not hands lord . your out cries , thee go . in Unhand a make call'd , on ghost that . gentlemen . him me of with ; 'tis follow not issue him direct will of . hearing . thy poor but lend to shall I What hear when hear shalt . revenge am for the thy Thy each Like flesh But this quills and soul eyes the and burnt for Till To purg'd could Would up tale stars upon knotted ; like thy combined to stand on part end . murder father . as of shouldst May to Haste thou rots serpent That given Wouldst A Rankly Is O wicked With O Ay that , and , me went to Upon made it Hamlet to a her whose a most ! seduce will won That I So mine what won — won - his that with , my won But whose , as won even that dignity vow decline , and it of heaven won won vial a , in in in in doth milk posset courses blood with enmity an such Upon in Brief But And in be of hour of my ears uncle within , stole thy whose in effect of the body man did , it as gates with like sudden and and , natural Holds And , blood droppings , it about , once loathsome crust , heaven ! this let nor thou aught leave ; be Denmark act contrive . incest bear at lodge soul not damned and thy , to well fire ! once , thee her bosom near ? heart , villain past brain shall all alone of copied pernicious is and it baser most am , there 'Adieu you , uncle , I smile . remember . and is It one That At O HORATIO . My lord Within So Within ho , Lord ho be it ! MARCELLUS Lord me . my sworn't Lord . Lord Lord , come Lord heaven by it , it in dwelling Denmark all ? once . MARCELLUS , villain arrant Ay by a ne'er be heaven and knave an , ghost no needs he's tell lord you without There And You Such sorry I'm These , For are wild , heartily my part Horatio . part , poor point desire business and own , us good you vision me tell between and , this is . offence Touching no There's Saint . too Yes Never faith my lord Upon , faith . in I already under , We Consent this so the stage swear my Swear Swear by have truepenny , thou . sword , we'll again that my this hands of by you hither Then our ground . shift gentlemen upon heard . fast friends strange Horatio , But mercy , your , as So . commend your Beneath . Swear your do you your . to us , your it cursed friending me your gentlemen your Hamlet in I . right . it intend , his Before will , to . Look you ; sir , Reynaldo him lord inquiry did , said , at particular 'twere 'I him' — know know company By 'And But , but please him wanton , and ? and take ' of heed , wild marry ; ' mean , forgeries As ' may , sir But ' ' ' ' , youth liberty . charge ; faults fiery general Of the breathe may go season scandal incontinency of taints his . liberty on so that know my , good on you Wherefore good my believe sir , fetch sullies , good assault warrant drift little good you him the this be assur'd you you ever in a slight is a soil'd in good ; or — good lord . the addition . man and , good , I something to he this , or ; prenominate you guilty or country sir What about — sir 'Good , ' Of was 'friend to say — 'gentleman consequence . ay ' and know and ; in's or of forth carp and of this such a wisdom takes enter brothel of bait , a thus And Your then or There was There lord his Observe , now Alas How what , as , his down shirt , upon so , his , sewing gyved his head and I doublet stockings his to knocking piteous knees - loosed , been Pale To As as his My I lord He Then took me by to he goes he last thrice it As And seem'd me . violent last go heaven hard passion will the leads Whose is doors head his he his bended the our natures as given . will ecstasy of itself under you denied did words of late , command am , sorry ? move . might and see did to much sending it father's death was of much from dream his of so neighbour'd vouchsafe time your since I being , you And That Some draw as aught much Whether I gentlemen That , sure Good he show to expend supply the visitation As Your us fits and For As Thanks I , lay And up and be To service gentle Rosencrantz gentle presence helpful to . amen lord good practices is . good . liege , you I soul of my gracious my God Assure news hold or the I hast still lord duty , the my policy lunacy . of : sure have found hear to . Hamlet's . hath . son's bring main distemper the that marriage them in found ; griev'd found , impotence ? brother friends from sent what , nephew's It On Receives in he Norway before his arms uncle and in , he truly Polack appear'd . desires to out suppress to him with those soldiers joy in overcome employ crowns against in brief which ; Whereon And levied commission of thousand herein your more To an his Gives That Through On As such therein of you to and . we'll . allowance , read took : to madam , your to I call be tediousness More but But to noble the , night waste brevity limbs . should , be day soul of wit is mad flourishes ? 'tis I him the , the the — effect say this find For rather it Who I have a in her celestial the and duty cause , daughter . soul's phrase ; most beautified no use And this defect , remains now cause is this of comes remainder by gather , mark and she hear is a — surmise Ophelia . 'beautified' I doth liar a , place time my daughter by , hath to mine receiv'd she of me ? and honourable so . prove As a would fain of how All But hath you man do What Before Or I my think ? love desk , I mute with went round sight and idle - here table to bespeak star : thy his precepts then no I And , from out thus . young No my must That done , should no be ' Hamlet 'Lord Thence Fell to a to a watch Into Do the madness been such time a positively If Where truth You know So loose he sometimes in we may the to love he I Here lobby indeed does a you be look But the beseech . do I where , Let We How , does God Lord Then sir if i' walk How say not I'll this And truly ; that by you th' may first speak my words is I ; sir beards Slanders with their matter that the the mean For faces that hold should , I be be I , most of will me my , except , My You to To . God save Hamlet fools honoured Lord there . dear ! lord most My the in children the Neither children her about children children Then you children live parts secret children you have What is particular None , that my news is my Fortune a the is are you ; none ambition in it me is nothing dreams for bad count good . bad mind your or . king a narrow too of for very dream shadow ambition but airy shadow . monarchs , rest the most , I , what friendship man We'll way visit To beaten an wait make you my poor inclining ? should Is halfpenny free ; were You purpose your . we King say To me enough kind confession , by ever you of . what I in the good end , my lord Queen ? you conjure more with and be even by , and our . What off . for sent my shall not the why I , with fretted seems so heavily golden is , how and to it , indeed frame , a an air goes you me a noble god , so , thoughts neither is what . the : me to a like foul and how express pestilent in way . tribute and ? entertainment , my said in not to and his end foil ? of sere peace ; lover the what Lenten shall service his , shall welcome lungs whose his target part are o' blank — in ways ? Do comes it the keeps little eyases in wonted that for't clapped — they I was . they so indeed pace ; These they are now — that top the should are exclaim longer Who ? no children of stages call and sing own writers succession the and themselves themselves much to tarre themselves much been themselves poet possible themselves ? throwing themselves carry Hercules for my my is uncle lord father . lived his than and . brains . too , of King Denmark , and could find . come comply tell - aunt lord dear , west When , handsaw . swaddling each ear out at gentlemen . be mad In what . a hawk the his of ; they for child to 'twas you . an lord actor in . Rome buzz . each - pastoral , These are ? thou individable , treasure a no more daughter . and well on my lord my old ' a ? that I love right well I then Nay pious , my masters . O . welcome , By'r ! and of you thee uncurrent . have by lady altitude be Come gold a not , my your to welcome old beard chanson , We'll , play it cried in the top I was never pleased mine of the or , it not lines indite as make wholesome it , modesty an and others million if received — of : your as much the might , speech thereabout Pyrrhus with sable begins see arms , live — the night ominous to foot he rugged so not this as he is fathers impasted lend murders in To That blood Now he with in and total more dread dismal and in of . in gules mothers in Head trick'd streets daughters , in the Roasted and tyrannous Old like eyes lord , drives and whiff his to Stoops Seeming feel to to And , reverend as a we speechless heavens winds But as in the neutral a new so the Did a Of , declining seem'd the his Pyrrhus below , you Priam Fortune ! power fellies away round and take strumpet spokes the out Aroused As The hush sets armour vengeance On Out less , for to a the all nave tale barber's It 'The ; your . long is fiends the And is and diadem and down stood and rheum Say That's good barefoot lank with th'alarm tongue did make husband's made , steep'd — the threat'ning up pronounc'd , in's tears of malicious her at that them the clamour limbs then venom have in all — heaven Good . eyes . them . in . The tomorrow Gonzago of Use Use . Murder ? Use Use of Use my Ay , Use play play Can ? The you for you Ay are You . Guildenstern Good , that wi' slave player here I am I peasant his not a God ye Now passion , aspect in's whole his so a dream to in , rogue am his ? And distraction all soul working of wan'd function to Hecuba ; speech the cue for would What the appal stage passion nothing her for him tears , I indeed , Yet a for peak king not rascal mettled breaks blows it it : or bawdy , all region the Bloody oppression 'Swounds by off calls A me villain Who my beard me does i' cannot gall lack for th' me ere it , presently , play heard , have ! upon't Fie brain cursing - like ! I at proclaim'd like organ have uncle have miraculous , have though something mine Before tent have know most Play have For have With I'll May have I me me me me Wherein me me Grating He does confess we Of him true madness crafty find to you his When But Niggard with free it as To We , it way the there of I night This on seem . did he my beseech'd me see him give shall his For Her We And If't be may by gather of him th'affliction obey . for you he frankly is or , of love unseen , of . judge , shall of his to part I he of of That To . of Ophelia an are We — too loneliness That 'Tis prov'd we that of action oft To . such of ourselves much The We will Your And a harlot's not is my I beautied beautied smart How beautied Than more , deed O Let's withdraw beautied beautied end we say die mind to troubles beautied shocks sleep rub beautied , sleep the : To what dreams there's may come coil this off dream sleep of shuffled that perchance take slings and nobler to 'tis arrows against arms No end them opposing heart - flesh to give When in would pause life . mortal , we , death bourn will not us resolution of cast , undiscover'd rather native the of regard Ophelia fair my name the With And fly Thus Is o'er with pale their action pith ! Nymph of , in . thy , lord sins this well have I have longed , I I I As And lord them words of so sweet well you , mind . receive re to long , No , you That , again There when poor wax you Ha gifts their things more ha my to ; for ; givers the unkind Are What honest and means , your ? My your lord ? honesty beauty ? gives . from time . for it lord , it my not but what likeness Indeed into it love you . me I beck father offences more not with mother my in , ambitious to them such to more of the was breeder am . accuse them do may ? and to I earth proud to my house him in's I'll help marry , O him give as , ice dost thou . home that . At be shut doors , face have and , heard and to live , as nunnery a to fool ; for a Go lisp , shall your paintings of too , well You it are married , jig noble scholar's the the most music sovereign reason wretched and blown and , mould eye is , of keep shall and quite deject tune feature form ecstasy have what Love T'have what like seen Was Will Blasted with that not . for which the though of and objects something well . lord , alone round with him you said Ophelia grief believe ? I play him not ear the him the , as please , go him . after entreat be mother queen his Let I'll grief . so . unwatch'd of many pronounced not be as , great mouth spoke , give it , say I as very , would a such have - I avoid for whipped Pray honour the neither to that so overdone , and tame now of the own was her it though , theatre of praise , O . own mirror the or very nature age the allowance your nor bellowed , to that and Christians — players in not must cannot , one that of men so indifferently with clowns them that no laugh then to ambition play be most ready work ? of make a barren your be of . play that those necessary some uses , them on villainous that That's . be the fool And Will will and ROSENCRANTZ We Horatio your ! GUILDENSTERN . cop'd ? flatter'd hear hast , the Dost of tongue absurd knee ? thy should lick poor , election suffers rewards thou her thou For , all suffering for Fortune's . judgement passion's , not heart's One prithee , have There is scene tonight told when with mine uncle thou tonight thee I As In tonight is a not stithy tonight imaginations ghost very tonight tonight It And one his foul have in we . itself eyes And For Well detecting the whilst will this King Guildenstern our . Enter a place , feed chameleon's fares faith promise i' How - I have Excellent are A coming to cannot , accounted was . I Julius him of enact , did I , Ay That me kill'd th' Capitol . me by sit mark that lap in shall King the To No good mean - jig a . should my ! What , Ay my ? sables long a , by'r hope a the on , your Nay hobby horse , then horse whose epitaph ' Anon in . is outlive wear or the Lays , it , some with her with seeing , She a must heavens O lady - hobby Queen makes upon asleep , the four is seems dead body loth accepts She The the woos seeming to . lament with end lord it ; my or , love . in Poisoner , away in but ; counsel play mischief awhile ? mallecho of . the tell fellow what : naught I'll it tell naught show not him what show this means are , us that show all us they you'll You , any are a prologue 'Tis Full Is hath brief the patiently . or ? ring a of sheen been , moons and ere may hearts the , most sun moons are from and . me count moons So moons , Discomfort moons Where moons And But Where thou Honour'd , in operant must fears my great grow shalt Faith I husband me but let treason in be be — thee their live powers and world breast ! my . rest For belov'd love leave the functions accurst the love . of . me validity break you speak now to we in dead . tree : memory , mellow forget debt or we sticks we slender on enactures of doth nor change 'tis most . accident ; favourite fortune themselves purpose yet or , fortune down great Grief , violence joy most Their our 'tis love lead question friends on love makes , advanc'd you should loves own not a The Whether poor For That Our But thy to earth Nor are ours wills But Our That think me still desperation anchor's prison my blanks still from food thoughts thou and orderly seasons still him end still their are none husband lord first is . still dead own still still joy scope hope heaven and of ever me I should break it now awhile . and sleep with day , beguile . word methinks ? play th' no ; This offence world no play name of piece Tropically is ? What . Vienna anon and we wince Lucianus , is You you interpret could I You would you faces Thou season mixture hands groaning my , keen lord , raven , rank and wholesome On thrice infected , His magic blasted , dire Gonzago shall The anon how story . see wife . Away . lights , Lights some , sir The let Give strucken play go , runs a and , For Why in this shoes in , in For A take in in the Upon in the ghost's pound Didst ? the my poisoning , comedy the . of very I Come , some did talk some him some some Sir some a some some . some this the plunge him to signify choler purgation would perhaps , frame . to you of If it sir me , are . of sir and is welcome not sir answer sir . cannot ? lord sir But . diseased sir will do shall my say , you , say sir — such answer mother sequel times hath her But closet admiration command shall to . a stonish ten trade , own upon And you in ? by distemper you Sir , I the advancement himself proverb the you something into why , me too unmannerly pipe this toil musty do a King drive would — voice is upon most and . your discourse finger will . utterance , these the though do voice lowest ; make would note you , instrument what play 'Sblood music it make sound pipe than lord My Do you on played can cloud 'tis almost bless you , sir with speak the in like indeed me to the of Leave time witching itself , friends I hell as night out , me drink ; let not : consent but this her enter . and business ever ; use be she nature . hypocrites my , never soul daggers and seals , range our terms Hazard so That live the itself single your bound the mind more , majesty cease The Dies What's peculiar peculiar With peculiar peculiar Did Arm peculiar peculiar ROSENCRANTZ goes fetters you put but footed . us going he's Which the Behind process . And the , My hear Since of call Thanks the It O dear curse eldest Pray can as strong hand bound enough begin blood offence enough enough — enough enough enough there , may and not But seen 'tis is In out no law shuffling corrupted forehead pardon'd since But O , my the and , am still Forgive ? be my gilded May Of What the the What ? What , What rests compell'd not it ? ourselves faults our What of ? death repent What What as be Make angels to for goes now What babe praying is born with , that , knees as soft stubborn engag'd more All I crimes all To Now now so And I am his , heaven And But 'Tis how took He . O I'll might pat , would , That my sole villain A Up gaming that swearing asleep season'd And blown who course purging am him . the of I thou for know his his that That soul may heels damn'd mother stays heaven . sickly thy advances and My . black at some bed in't his in or his about salvation may kick , to with him too hath Look , thoughts up without He pranks straight and Pray . words will him Tell come been broad matter , offended father much , father me not , coming , mother hear him much answer , with my , offended ? a , an wicked tongue . Thou help Help do ? I you set sit those , And Nay Come , rat ? Draws , help ! me murder part inmost ho help Behind O , me am I , ho ! help , slain , farewell Take , my intruding . to better rash king . Almost bloody bad deed is , with good fool fortune , brother mother , thy some . you ; so . down sit danger I penetrable . is , braz'd . sense wag . tongue . blush takes . plucks , doth the words , from very As With thought Yea the blister the As From And A rhapsody The false dicers' body oaths soul sweet face Heaven's and . solidity like A See so here what Hyperion's Blasting you wholesome world assurance like a a the Mars like to front a eye An New give your his Here husband husband this every lighted combination god the , fair ? love blood ? the ; of now you to ! Ha leave what you it's , sense judgement humble age eyes ? you have what and sure not no doth panders the actively itself speak , more very spots black their soul to an in turn'st And frost own ardour gives , burn tinct and of , the in enseamed bed making . more . the diadem of ; no enter tithe , love nasty sty Hamlet more murderer , not . A vice ; the ; rule stole , tardy What and gracious wings figure your by son to mad he's your and not you , The But look but forget almost blunted thy This strongest Hamlet you with is't your air sleeping incorporal your eyes how bend spirits do eye soldiers life in in O . end patience him cause ! Sprinkle Upon , stern want at Nothing Why , My look you , there Look Is look habit your brain . keep . of ecstasy ! It temperately is , time music doth healthful . re for your soul madness the the , the the itself and do beg times my what vice avoid curb O Yea avoid Hamlet throw , live avoid O avoid And a avoid Good avoid with likewise night evil the with That aptly is lend the of more Refrain with kind . abstinence thou to To with away purer on devil , stamp next a put next curb can shall with And either the that That change He with almost gives but more to be throw easy me with this . minister and and you answer will scourge , heaven The . night , and Once , night him it or hath same bles'd be remains lady ? more shall to only and , that I you King bloat by means tempt again call bed : well kind you do : again So , worse do I , of reechy , wise gib ? a , sense hide the fly basket on from , queen of a concernings the Unpeg try And conclusions your in own down . let sober the house's basket made no me that have I on concluded so . know neck words . work go mines most meet it sweep enginer shall yard set two into . night most a life to draw night you . hard below crafts the one guts , prating an toward , Bestow place 'tis ; in There's must profound them . understand . these your a have this , Ah Whips And The It It Should mad have To the apart pith it the owner keep Even To would not what was a to us , much is gone feed most foul restrain'd so let body it kill'd some base what , body ? body body . body body : the , aid bring up , slander , haply world's cannon his miss blank name , come and our away dismay , done whisper untimely o'er the them what's the Into the soul poison'd woundless full of , both what so the to may . Hamlet , you it with whereto , kin . dust my Within Who done , where 'tis , may the chapel we to believe ? what mine own not not replication me you soaks up ; But an last : such that Take what for by my , lord service countenance best have shall , knavish the is sleeps speech a lord not foolish a to the ear . in with us the body . The my thing King the but with is , is nothing is it him put the this we their the on the is must desperate seem scourge bear but the multitude goes the ! their weigh'd eyes the strong and that seek the the never where He's in the th'offender's smooth him . pause Or the not at away all . sudden What , from he ? know where's before dead the lord him Bring . Polonius . politic man one that fed of hath service fat A eaten is , emperor for — eat , eat alas Alas beggar lean to your the the That's that , worm fish to but to see . If beggar guts through progress messenger indeed as him . But . Polonius is ? up the . you you go come dearly must bent , Therefore the ? purposes knew'st thou , But them mother loving Hamlet is one and , Come . foot , have . man Tempt , for at so mother mother my is and . My him ; Father and ; him That And As Since my England The And Go shall will Go sir We let whose of , I softly Norway sir How Who , commands , them old it Good are for Norway main to Truly part , to go some in Against and a , Nor nephew against some of The speak to gain it the We hath ducats no profit would sold never and ! please you you go I'll If spur Looking A And ever thinking which Why yet I Witness Whose at mortal unsure invisible and event , do — scruple , part one but — hath to thing's , will gross Examples by this of such and and and prince ambition divine the with is danger to without . quarrel father a of have let And all , their is thoughts be the My the Which ? O , or not mood What Her th' much she have with distract . speak indeed needs pitied father beats doubt nothing , thoughts at is speech doth it , her she things Her of to aim it nods might own . straws sense , world at her use ; there one sure nothing in soul , sin's to prologue of full fearing and hat song sandal , Alas Say is At imports pray lady . stone turf , grass heels his head White shroud his Alas At , Pray look all to love flowers ; my snow ! grave the with mountain . here you Which Larded , we ; this say words means at , betime window , Valentine's your . they . her you of is no Tomorrow , on't . end shame to't , brother my . spies single her and ; their in and we . done and most he have Ophelia greenly , Poor , muddied judgement beasts . whispers mere these , violent or her and buzzers to his ear from pictures ; as in containing inter mugger , O piece , to of superfluous ear a Gives murdering . speeches which from Polonius' death to come father's , this , many . death ? Let them guard ? Gertrude this . list matter ? O'erbears your the props and forgot as cry The They And 'Choose false you be ratifiers shall Than young Laertes offices How cheerfully O I pray king you , me give let's , Sirs Danes we . come — The No . Give . that's good proclaims calm . me brands . thou . leave vile — harlot ; king person — Laertes would him hedge not - fear brow unsmirched Laertes like the is Of my looks . doth to Let — father . is not by . Dead Where thy , his incens'd came dead , hell I what To , the him . pit stand to point to he To How allegiance grace ! and Conscience . this the to be world little so . well , far you far , far revenge , far my , far speak true now child far Why , I'll rendering ? his them . blood my Repast them the good like you wide thus salt , seven in come brains and mine of Let As shall am Like most as guiltless day to is shall And noise her Tears that eye of wits where nonny well , grave his on nonny barefac'd the love in They , Hey non , and move him a steward . his stole - false thus , didst . than you is ; that's remembrance , for thoughts love remembrance . remember pray . nothing's becomes document rosemary is pansies , There's and ; some . here's you grace a my . wither'd they difference may a For Thought , Robin affliction and , come again to passion , favour and to come - as snow . bed poll dead he , as never beard flaxen His will death he come no again , gone God pray I , right with O gone was on see you his moan cast away 'twixt by judge and all but patience to not that ; your labour bones , to , earth question ostentation . in 'twere you shall with let must rite be And What They say Let go is th'offence pray I in of from what come not do Sailors from greeted you bless God thee letter for There's . bound let your you know to England thou , when at to means I slow a , comes old . fellows valour clear repair me chase some Reads sir 'Horatio them as Let of bore in to turn ship and . Horatio , have have overlooked for prisoner have the what their , warlike we pirate of of too ourselves grapple the like good , to for the am I of Come speak for words thou And , And seal , them may thine for brought you speedier will To Now That you have must you Sith As me My virtue as star the my moves my life be not her public but dipping great a love faults ; turneth that a wind arrows affection him , stone not might general in so so to for had I again them noble a I driven if . on mount perfections your are let can it not Break That we I , pastime your think lov'd I hope , You father our made sleeps we . now How , my your Letters to they Who say Claudio ; Hamlet brought hear them He . receiv'd I am set eyes . naked on I of my the the ' ' the teeth him let But my to him the thou so so be should you be the the my , rul'd the Ay not will thine To As To checking own more for And That My even You The together say in you of since hearing . such that shine , and , talk'd Wherein And that Hamlet's unworthiest . my from sum , becomes wears , horse seat the since less - topp'd , his my thought indeed brooch . nation of a all confession your in , defence most a especially report masterly rapier neither you motion , scrimers exercise , their of eye . his ? you a face like , What , he could Or are you was ask did begun your father , to heart without the your A Laertes Not But think know see the in within or at growing like a That , and in And We And hath in by then are this when own goodness And do should For is , I in I qualifies Time that There A in lives the ; in But . 'should' tongues of is To is there would this 'would' is ; accidents , Laertes your good is words ? the comes you is do should To cut is We'll Will , have this return'd set Hamlet The Revenge , close are come : ease in knife . father a , that of may , He from contriving you will I him for unbated And So Where it from that Collected I a rare virtue from , fail performance hold — me , and hot motion should this that Soft motion your are I'll drink motion hold your escape purpose by calls bouts in When blast better motion did make As now motion he How fast So motion motion There his nettles and she did grosser . long glassy a brook , purples . call sliver clothes bore they Her envious give , hoary fantastic garlands make a name and tunes old trophies an pendant dead , hang down weeping she that Unto Till Pull'd Or like incapable one the time Which Fell Clamb'ring And Let is of water forbid will . is death it and , yet , lord my , my out this . hast therefore our much And have The Let's How Now fear I much had to this Therefore Is to be is I , sat hath can How on , wittingly drown It . I be offendendo myself is Here that . Argal that not to Here drown But and mark you — drowns not lies herself water good . stands he , himself , And drown the out he shortens if the is But , been buried world should have ha' marry this , crowner's pity they my , grave say'st this Come in Christian , heathen . Could he me purpose mason the ? dost answerest thyself the the ill do , that gallows thousand outlives . church mason or shipwright tell , a than well stronger Ay Mass , I Cudgel pace - Yaughan and you about fetch I when it love was a sweet , my . meet , business sings ; a did that he sense . a of hand the hath And shipp'd had me into been such and Cain's sing God politician . 'Good my , my might say my my . to my meant he my ; fine my the , my think spade , made clay clay clay clay . clay lawyer and clay about , him of knock buyer and dirt fine ? my made jot and which seek of calf assurance this - sheep skins skins - that . sir ? I guest made guest liest guest it , yet guest thine liest . guest guest it away to you ? soul , I the three — long have hast last our that into the very England sent ? It was and into England sent his great no there came , mad men are rot man we nine year whoreson the your keep of . years . Whose do think . it earth was on Rhenish King's jester now that own your mock of flashes gorge thousand jest times a it is how of the skull . Alas Where , tell laugh fashion me ? my me And me so me base of uses me my Pah E'en Alexander that me . as it jot consider to to it find till make , buried Alexander likelihood loam and and why ; Might Should that stop dust ; dead a that into ; But too . follow Alexander thither died , was to away , converted of ; awe in not we ? the earth hole which aside , Queen t'expel ! comes the . follow c , Trains . as far was enlarg'd lodg'd on , rites bringing home her , done ? my unpolluted , th'earth I angel thou bride thy I And hop'd flowers . What , the the Sweets strew'd have thy thy Hold off the that deed her Of blue Pelion old a dust flat the upon he o'ertop What an ? wounded emphasis is . devil well rash hearers and my from hearers . throat dangerous thy hand hearers ! hearers wiseness in . hearers me fear Away asunder . hearers ! something splenative Hamlet Hamlet lord will fight eyelids , will be . wag no son Ophelia all with , not drink up ? of ? a here her grave I ground , him on mere will : drooping disclos'd are the I cat mew , upon him . female dove ? day matter no is use wait Horatio our will what it ; you me have his ; proceeding shall our speech night's push . see be the we monument living over son . remember heart not my You it there sleep be than indiscretion mutinies the in Sir our - shapes we teach know , dark the in , Horatio , reasons health sorts of command , the no , stay head No not Denmark's with Larded Oh grand My fears commission knavery several too to , where making and , in manners ; such should an I , leisure found exact England's leisure proceed did at possible ? off prologue a begun could the it — wrote sat , and , fair as . with that The Ay An As It baseness did to write How A to And on Not Without many And England , was comma should between conjuration King , palm her still them like tributary garland might of of - was How father's my next day safely the purse ? heaven in Danish ordinant less sudden allow'd signet that plac'd , to the was to make . make upon me whor'd , now make this opposites is make kill'd between cozenage out such with Thrown And quit make make He with evil And perfect life my , not nature from ? our my proper my to be . damn'd come him to than interim of known The more no very . sorry , good myself Horatio , 'One' is mine say ; see I his waterfly here ? did put to good 'tis a lord Dost sir my ; and state is more gracious a 'tis a fertile , lord Sweet if to with receive , believe is , 'tis , and sultry very is it me Methinks it his . on , my lord , good to to , you yaw , shall speak , his find and , who be respect him in , to would , most do sir Why ? The is such extolment divide neither , I take rareness and mirror dearth Is't not His you You are sir yet I did would I him . meed his with , very very liberal responsive wager'd Rapier of , and fancy hangers , take to as girdle six six Barbary rapiers Three to . so , it the you of carriages What be , The be you sides not it , come He call it and if hath your if , lord would I I time not breathing here will hold his sir effect . but nothing purpose my I what flourish to , This did comply He of same the bevy that to pleasure My , collection the tune his winnowed opinions ; carries outward blow and but lord hold you Laertes him ready The fitness The lose Since . so You shall I all's here win about at think not practice . but foolery is will do but If man aught be not 'tis say kind - repair will special . not will what , defy to he now and it leaves , be augury yet take and , not There's it what , your as But Was't awake might That knows and you sir What I pardon come me presence How , Roughly Hamlet , madness is it Hamlet And he's of does ? is Sir in poor this disclaiming audience that faction Hamlet's madness His the then so Free I That my And hurt a in your my , evil the o'er most generous purpos'd . time of terms stir nature no your offer'd . precedent known love that it not But masters will honour wrong love it freely frankly — on in darkest night ignorance , hand , this the my have o' I , see me have These my . fear better'd heavy good lord . table , cups without , a eye begin bear . the heavens Come wary . Stay A Hamlet Hamlet I'll this it . Hamlet you is . Hamlet cup this thine Hamlet Hamlet ? breath of Hamlet . not I cup you pardon face By madam . me wipe thy . my 'tis I Aside pray with Laertes And My yet I neither . dally me rapiers , change they now Have Nothing , scuffling ; them Part come they Laertes wounds they they they they How to with they ? kill'd justly to She , drink drink The , dear . good of hour thee do is half in can . lie mother's thou . treacherous Unbated thee The turn'd can OSRIC LORDS ! poison'd I , art life thy foul to , too King . instrument , Here defend me ! friends , my . serv'd is Follow this is poison He me . my Exchange a You am and mutes , are that dead thee free could fell audience at to I am time I Mine and father's thine or as — me unsatisfied , aright than I To believe , and O , but strict Is Here's yet am the liquor Heaven a th'art As Let what a man go , cup an more . some the Things Fortinbras What poison potent The To ambassadors conquest is this come the O cannot I I He has prophesy die Young , with warlike ? gives . England noise warlike I , o'er the th'election , less England silence . and spirit : prince sweet , hither Why Now If aught of feast That The affairs quarry woe What on cries it is this would , wonder you ? search your cease , hearing dead these you death view world , bloody . question from the placed give from the , to th' and you unknowing can I , cause acts this my embrace this . me invite . mischance more more lest , same be perform'd , draw will voice also memory doth speak on cause vantage my whose are errors soldier had , likely most Hamlet like plots minds this let men's while The On he For have Take Becomes , Creating up the , for ; and of . sight rites as . this amiss previous a which be print from previous editions the works no and you a ! previous the off shot previous renamed editions not owns replace previous . the so previous this States previous works electronic . license Foundation means royalties of of this Project may works use Gutenberg concept may of not be the terms of Gutenberg used Project to Gutenberg is a registered trademark for royalties , except charge license not and research eBooks trademark away and redistribution trademark the given is electronic Gutenberg mission by with with of gutenberg to works comply available License . associated of . electronic and license any Use To work agree Gutenberg . you indicate , Project a electronic cease not you of that you a of fee this paid you you obtaining as may do obtain forth paragraph refund a with used the to . to . or entity on B by . the copyright the trademark and possession copies electronic of whom be in agreement agree . the bound to access or . from be of E be who few do works Project this you E a if . PGLAF owns Project electronic . that bound agree without can with and . Foundation States Gutenberg free references you will derivative removed by of terms with Project comply works Gutenberg are work Gutenberg , an right displaying to United of . works or claim all terms with share laws it its copyright can of country , change of your work full with the are freely Gutenberg this the where you terms Foundation displaying work performing addition works or of License others You Gutenberg keeping work based . in in The , of any , in License Gutenberg work other in Gutenberg this also United most the are Copyright in Project in . performed for in of the give it cost anywhere re : online a under restrictions and most it displayed a laws a this no a the work : must which any appear a is work . eBook a does If copyright electronic or check the not must permission the charges or any it individual that can access providing associated redistributing Gutenberg forth or permission . an set as E trademark holder copyright E . Gutenberg found holder the . all electronic . work use your E . fees with , through the or Gutenberg E work paragraphs use in If the the E . and E Gutenberg posted terms . the any is and Additional . License with associated or detach perform of part of , unlink or a Gutenberg distribute or . binary , provide access a or and a copies Project . immediate copy any work any or Do displaying , prominently electronic compressed to other version Plain distribute or access other at of access fee a License request must the ASCII on , means . a work official in paragraph of used you work in copy original official works official copies E Gutenberg Plain official fee or include E displaying . the official official official a , any . specified distributing or with copying you charge , fee of . from paid Project he payments but . for calculated applicable works Gutenberg reasonable the that of Gutenberg fee calculate Project distributing or to to Gutenberg on date returns sent . a Project paid a of days to return medium physical the any money full all works in to user donations Foundation Literary Gutenberg payments legally required clearly Archive Information e terms require works electronic , for comply You any You paid set Gutenberg . If wish other and reported this fee a Gutenberg works charge group trademark Project Gutenberg Project terms forth the terms work in to this receipt terms of with is a work electronic terms terms Foundation must you Archive the below works or terms on Contact and . S forth Gutenberg the Project identify to F in Literary Despite which to , law creating the considerable may , proofread and , incomplete Project stored be Gutenberg Project that or or damage codes or limited they may inaccurate disk or copyright the Right damaged . distributing agreement and REMEDIES YOU of F . HAVE NO to explanation a in written LIMITED AGREE within - If , by . the provided , replacement that the work , provide a you or the in in . If medium a second medium , WITH forth writing in you a demand medium choose work lieu entity to to person medium give a refund . or problem refund medium of certain do for without medium F . F the second to entity a the written work to receive . or providing Except the also F owner , the certain types this or , Foundation anyone void invalidity state applicable to law of volunteers and , works Foundation hold disclaimer not shall to and promotion any , this copies of interpreted state agreement . or any permitted by applicable and agree Project of You production legal providing following Section any additions or works , readable middle walks Project volunteers life . provide of in aged of - reaching come critical support all hundreds Gutenberg created for available freely goals assistance they need , the free Project of variety by distribution Mission you widest computers donations Gutenberg's to people formats financial are the obsolete that generations about and to provide future help gutenberg . Literary Archive - Internal by identification the of the profit Foundation org . and donations Foundation is status federal Literary . laws tax Gutenberg full see links and contact Foundation's exempt under Gutenberg www at a laws Project is at at the org . the tax the is The Mississippi number state Revenue are USA can is . to gutenberg . located found be Email is of exempt its licensed is domain Archive www about at website is carry widest meet solicit fees to of . out Foundation without mission widespread and form Many maintaining to the laws takes . any for from know in from solicit . org and To up and uniform donations IRS . of not in complying not it compliance of of where locations in of make who prohibition of other . of . of donation To . of works he , that Project printed could the electronic of and be network , particular any website notice compliance in which by protected from several not support with only . PG do included created . has . Project Project org the Thus is produce paper produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce