there King ? Stand and yourself hour Long Get He . live ! 'Tis bitter there haste . Dane . is hath you ? Barnardo Friends , O my place Say Welcome , What will not Therefore to not come it night us . along seen twice , have our eyes minutes of him to speak appear assail our against once Sit and , us , tush Tush And What That are so two let sit have your seen . Marcellus course star like it where . it break The his bell now burns then figure scholar like a , the the harrows with King art sometimes with that the form warlike time night Denmark ! it and will charge ! thee ! speak ? gone on't not ! you What ! Without Thus In what particular and an on , thought of most subject and strict the same this Good night toward the Sunday labourer the task watch , from that - can day haste week the implements of war ; knows , that land ? last Norway us , pride Fortinbras our valiant a to Thereto At least on combat this so For , Against forfeit which inheritance King ; as our stood been Was To carriage the vanquisher the , skirts of which a to , by law and a seal'd lands ; For That So to list of mettle hot , lawless in't a of Norway doth The of this our . compulsatory main motive , some is our by those in but this other watch that figure . is was Well That think Comes and high armed mote In Is his And little graves gibber most ; fire the of so and - may it A squeak stood ere Upon even sick influence to with Neptune's in tenantless The the of state . demonstrated still earth the dews , Rome dead again it . to If If cross Unto heaven harbingers the whose in almost Was and together countrymen me do art , Which hast happily in speak privy thou if spirits oft walk ! and earth avoid , death the foreknowing speak in Marcellus . it of uphoarded , in life , say they Extorted , it if gone here ! wrong being air majestical will . invulnerable mockery crew guilty like . sounding thing a , air . heard blows the in the that To with cock then a of and I have his abroad , strike , stir all night long or earth erring , in hies herein . the truth dare in do and hath then spirit the is , hill high have , us dumb to in consent needful him , in morn so and , the Unto you Do I shall shall ; upon for acquaint , I most and we , grief and , Lords Hamlet of Laertes Cornelius The That Yet this affair along to equal scale wife wisdoms ; follows a Or Now With Our Lost Now To our by his and uncle , Norway Thus much most Importing is To subject and and in is rid to suppress is is is is hears all made , dispatch farewell . Laertes Dane beg is't thy thou wouldst native have throne the leave What From and I To Yet thoughts confess , to to to not the the thy ? France Laertes heart , Denmark pardon , and says last and me my slow leave thine . Polonius will thy time to at wrung your , I , you Have He Upon By . Not And Seek thy for lord , my that than spend , more still in lids seems not mother black cloak particular , with thee ? to is common be inky suspiration forc'd the the of is solemn of dejected forms trappings commendable the I These sweet and That can they but actions within , of and with have are , your father , the and is , some in . mourning your nature woe ; in in is be most the and vulgar in , thing mind to persevere heaven in to a impatient to and , most stubbornness heart shows In In filial in his obstinate But for obligation obsequious do To unfortified simple unschool'd as common heaven earth , of he died , theme to a absurd fathers reason against fault death so father are You , Do I And which toward going , we back , comfort Here In , I pray Let not , stay chiefest in the courtier mother with ourself 'tis Why I thee most retrograde bend her obey grace tell shall drinks in . best a in as , in shall smiling to gentle jocund health that earthly thunder to my great King's And the cannon the . heaven the Hamlet , whereof today Come . would ! away unweeded in nature unprofitable garden God ! world and come , mother to gross rank That Oh . so , the loving that so ; things was to winds Heaven ; not Why she appetite , a were ! woman mine with discourse , is name she father's shoes thy yet ere Frailty my Why of uncle , my reason she . you forget see I what I'll I , make from you sir ? Horatio you : lord even good lord , so . ere fellow me see to my , furnish I Would Thrift think it , My Did I ! my Horatio prithee Indeed do thrift , Where , take him he eye , look upon ; mind's a Horatio lord I see my my . again like your . I deliver me father hear these for ! surprised solemn , walk'd eyes he distill'd they : me , good time ; where ; to more are . I not was the speak it true . But lord then the at And But But lifted to answer even vanish'd our 'tis writ but of this . and watch , lord say you know We . to my toe ? Then My , you saw A Pale frowningly foot ? not to head face his . you there much been . BARNARDO . it . no I and , Longer MARCELLUS might . was have seen , life ? saw't . in his , silver'd sable 'twill walk you warrant my though hell father's person you , ye twelve . you to duty in loves , in ! in in to foul Your Though then in in Upon father's doubt My I Till some , is sister assistant embark'd do , doubt more but ? minute ; lasting favour no bulk nature Think and Hold it Hamlet and the , No His greatness For himself may , his now wide Grows Carve He , is on choice be loves ; his choice body that ; you circumscrib'd says he to act which far state wisdom and health his Then loss importunity honour you your To what saying ear credent heart his it Fear you with Or If The keep lose Then May or in voice or fear shot maid unmask or And or your or And in galls or affection moon : are are , do my lesson , are good But pastors are to reckless thorny of and some not are like the my th'effect shall Do me O too double are are here The I stay A for . Give thy in shoulder , Aboard aboard sits unproportion'd thoughts thy There Laertes , father . comes double wind are And And of leave grace for in Nor soul , few . the his thy thee being , may unfledg'd with and adoption entertainment thy unto - a , with of ; thy habit Costly each every that to hatch'd quarrel th'opposed beware but ; the France express'd thy man's in apparel the censure new each Of entrance do friends But them familiar , but their hoops and not can purse and a lender edge to all a Are canst must not it above borrowing of follow my be the the true ; in that be man the and night as humbly invites do you time lock'd remember and , Ophelia I Thou Most And then leave go ; said the of memory my in to , I you Lord Marry , is't So you me private to he to Hamlet please be audience as you time , Ophelia way do As And 'Tis told You it hath between What He ? Give , lord yourself me up so I most me , late clearly tell honour your and You such lord tenders for true what you as like . girl call a green me circumstance , his you teach know think ; Tender I pay ; phrase a poor , the with me importun'd it , That , I'll not , he thus — Running , Ay to springes in their take not something must light fire , the countenance may to heaven go ; of , his holy you , how burns vows than heat these is , blazes in both ; rate Hamlet , the it maiden Lord , all time forth : for bawds investments they few ; which mere Not The I Do Than be beguile or charge you terms This the I I , come Lord unholy are brokers suits from Hamlet lord air is It obey , talk any your air of hour it shrewdly The ; lacks No Wherein What this does it my doth ? I tonight and swaggering draughts his he takes thus his then near lord upspring Rhenish bray out down . his , held . the mean wake and , drum triumph my to to honour'd And They Soil From of it is than am custom takes perform'd with and mole for our So some our heavy This More mind us in the and drunkards ; tax'd of and at attribute men them addition us particular not nature his much that stamp ; the or be particular the infinite as all his own noble To that The corruption grace — one these men evil of lord , it spirit airs of health or or or com'st thy from such . I'll a wicked to That thou Be Angels with is why With Making To Wherein Have canoniz'd thy we saw his ! beyond , Look with more with desire action go to Say a ground I will not not , speak not my do It for Being waves it the What That Which And The very deprive you draw might waves so Without And me follow , Hold ; away ! am Still rul'd cries shall me that ? obey . thee imagination me Speak Mark me . wilt thou , I'll further him follow I is sulph'rous ghost . come and almost tormenting up will hour , I shall lend , My Pity Speak To art thou me So to Are of ; like . term thy What ? thou , father's to in done confin'd my that whose my But thy from freeze their on . word , nature the spirit fretful list love O father thy . eternal and If flesh of ears To Revenge hair his hair foul hair most this foul hair as in the and swift hair hair is weed Hamlet , in duller Wouldst Haste shouldst find thoughts than on . sweep meditation not given stung that in be , of , hear thy noble Denmark , my youth Lethe Now , so process ; this out ; me but sting . gifts with to his traitorous life prophetic uncle that that - hand whose in went made That it , gifts her to I O Hamlet of The O gifts With gifts gifts lust Will So gifts Brief gifts a To a a a Though a such with And The thin curd a The a Most That a droppings with whose ears a afternoon in uncle , vial of courses the body through pour it did about loathsome hand sin , crust it of ; mine my unanel'd it bear on but imperfections nature With reckoning off , All sleeping , the ! most to of by smooth with , once dispatch'd my of queen at brother's ; heart a ? old ! instant holds , seat ? memory all , there all commandment thy That saws All I you , And , My Unmix'd O , That , Meet smile may are . and , smiling Yes my shall volume . most . villain it is pernicious books . and baser , book villain may sure there . HORATIO lord have adieu so . you sworn't MARCELLUS Hamlet him . Within is uncle Within Within Illo ho be Lord my . lord ! come , bird ? it tell by once But . think . MARCELLUS and HORATIO Ay , you'll , then you a he's To And , For it Such as Why , right without we are shake shall point poor , I'm , vision lord heartily they wild you These Yes , And by Saint . too offence , let , And , request , poor scholars my Never What make you MARCELLUS not will . faith , my Indeed We have sworn , sword upon my Upon stage Art seen there . shift ? Hic et , to And hither Swear . upon gentlemen our sword the lord . ground . my heard have . my work Once ! welcome my my fast my my ? strange . my . your your , your you your , your - would' your note we giving never shake phrase doubtful could 'There out , giving help you giving giving might' do , to giving — this giving most your Beneath spirit . of is , do all With And May And fingers lack his not your poor a and . together Reynaldo . intend it did Of I behaviour , him visit marvellous will money wisely my this , his ; said , Take That What Enquire , how what and , you it . you they finding and of will father well very — mark , his my lord ; very , he , in thus As your particular distant ; friends , him rank ; well on , marry take and liberty there he's you put say but may none youth dishonour Addicted What , sir forgeries , gaming drinking As To my fencing may it incontinency on scandal to open seem Of A flash my The That's not That My You may my But — would know . you here's lord should , my fetch a slight , sir believe this drift on th' sound that my son warrant And 'Good According Very then And ' closes party Your sir The Having you He youth ever seen of the and What about or 'friend , He I does in ' so 'closes him , then There Videlicet 'I brothel falsehood indirections By windlasses enter at gaming with in Or My fare have in yourself you lord well have bias of lecture me have have have have . Well shall ply And ply ply How , ply as I was his doublet all sewing lord ply the I , lord ply in , ply Hamlet hat Ungart'red And Pale speak Lord with - been he for know goes And Then me I lord , he horrors look a had he wrist to draw — thrice And his to do , love Mad And out o' doors he his to sigh thus Long up waving perusal thus all held of hand the other with he head so piteous his he way without their me the will of itself undertakings love seek property I passion to desperate of am as will any natures any but lord hard does to light on went last And good access quoted sorry that with to very the leads As afflict you him fordoes the our as under heaven . jealousy and mad . did you letters him me denied age my proper ourselves thee him To must More known , the in for , being we our but trifle , King might heard it man be should of that the I see Guildenstern did and to . provoke did you , to use have we hasty Hamlet's Since his I And since so vouchsafe time , his humour him call it thus inward nor death was occasion sure more If there men much am To he so time us will not , living thus remedy hath , open'd , supply the shall your visitation As to Your For As To a and receive such thanks , bent feet full gentle , Thanks And And I changed some of . practices . visit and these And My make presence gentlemen you and son bring our is Hamlet where Go gentle , our Ay amen good . my of my . lord return'd Are Th'ambassadors hast the you , mine soul good good father , I my gracious my liege , King — Hamlet's lunacy long hold sure that do to fruit trail brain so of that grace do to , bring , be it of your no other all and hath that the me and doubt , sweet he that our and we , levies was To against , 'gainst preparation look'd his so be nephew's your Upon That On Makes To Gives him three vow falsely It ; borne the out him Polack and arrests , fine more joy never against annual with crowns his Norway in the enterprise safety . pass quiet , and , took . feast , is . duty expostulate is time . time wit of day and , night , what , night night madam welcome to the is limbs and outward , to well at , What This be home My ended and , now art remains , foolish use And I the us find rather Mad call I but But ; matter to What let is , I , true cause cause remainder whilst obedience gather , Now this have comes by cause defect of this mark is thus Perpend , this Hath , phrase Came madam , and me . shall Ophelia , But I dear thee am most love , be faithful . sun sun not believe machine me sun Adieu to liar sun fire stars to doubt love most best solicitings mine , hath this have sun is , receiv'd sun What man a how best O lady Thine As they But love must told it prove had As would Before I perceiv'd Majesty play'd given Or As I had the desk mute to I young no , Which a not Admit she must 'Lord Hamlet you my my or table - book dumb sight , advice , a tale , declension her , resort his precepts gave receive then this , so otherwise ? ' ? a by he all we , said . this if have may I this If Where How Hath That from otherwise . will it ? her love from his reason indeed lobby he So Be At time If he for behind will We look board , him I a God good Excellent well good I Not would - good . man good one good mercy . good picked my good my a goes ? honest a my so my my not . to't a look , dog my my , a was may th' my if not walk at by first I'll How me speak And her gone say Slanders this . What the . gum plum that ; and they , sir have slave you the Words Between who , thick old purging lack of thus crab you , and men it if I is you this out yet air of take humbly of will I often air . the A so prosperously that meeting except me , my well you from life , my my and I my lord except life more will is ; old to To God save Hamlet Lord Polonius go These You fools . Guildenstern lads lord the . ye ? Ah , children over are we that not - happy ? do lord thou . both ; button . in lord ? privates Faith of the Fortune her parts lord , is None , But . particular Then Then you live , the news my , you Prison that , sends your prison hither at question me honest you . she have . near What is th' . a for mind king a your bad or . myself , nutshell I too 'tis narrow many there ; it so , for not o' worst . of substance dream a ; the itself indeed , is airy shadow and th' we , and our beggars . a ROSENCRANTZ bodies are is A but ambition Shall Then an of speak such beggars' I hold . our by For the with , friendship am I , lord my honest you thanks Come . should Is no of but halfpenny . a come ; say which and my . confession To , what . consonancy of let conjure youth dear you lord end our by But me , by proposer could sent for not for ? purpose I to But what direct Guildenstern I then be withal . no me , a the of you whether of better were of say of of no feather your , my all moult my of for . of promontory with . forgone of all , custom goes seems , me the , of we off . discovery congregation reason like how noble in god express to , seem ; yet how how me piece other , firmament , of though , such not . neither , entertainment ? woman say foul and so stuff , to , a , no beauty : no when . delight if from , then My did receive shall the gratis and the to are welcome players such to of He me that to clown shall for't wont to whose to both and tragedians the the to . in to late the city ? I was Are both ? by , travel Their comes they their No their of , children , tyrannically common berattle are rapiers most so pursue they are if , they most like the keeps little are they make been has there , sin to no bid unless poet controversy to the and was player Is't There both on against no no should means exclaim longer their they to own . the tarre the , their afterwards O , much been ? possible brains about throwing Ay would , there is make hundred something this ducats while for is my ; at mouths than his out it natural give King in come . You must The is the dear ? tell are deceived I . you you , is . clouts . That southerly his out , of at ; my wind — it . actor Rome was you in ass — pastoral pastoral , liberty a either lord . for either the historical , either — he which either The either What either Why he , th' lord well . I have a follows my , Nay I Aside not , you call me As , all abridgement as you , lot by pass chanson most will to the of last ! uncurrent , Com'st thou O , welcome am comes show like , I fly a , when . than thee like valanc'd my young you taste us give . Come French within cracked a of altitude gold . once , in judgements thee not to , cunning play , caviare I savoury much very affectation remember digested well heard me a for general . nor said one the whose in the there scenes the of and matter author especially memory It rugged : whose smear'd horse complexion to streets damned light trick'd sons , wrath gore coagulate tyrannous Roasted like With With Black as is fathers lend a with and and . and discretion , fire Pyrrhus good with carbuncles , Priam , seeks . the accent you Anon proceed he well , to command . finds , Greeks Priam the feel prisoner to ear on often a as reverend Of like , So A silence The Doth On , synod thou , Mars's And With away on falls remorse armour sets region in As hush vengeance ; the dreadful thunder pause , fall , sword gods ; heaven . beard is your to — to . tale of long a to on bawdry Hecuba queen' come . on or That's mobled Run bisson good down , A clout rheum up 'Mobled queen' ? 'The and . stood is good threat'ning the , eyes rest out no . at made pronounc'd have burning the of saw of not sword gods and more his the clamour passion thee see for After used well , where well death I'll will , you the they have them . Use Come . friend me , the more better use them own your you Can my lord . play a down ? need study a insert in't not mock you . My Guildenstern , not , you , You which for could night tomorrow I , Ay Follow or Very welcome good are and , Elsinore . leave . alone ! to I'll here am I lord . ye and working all in's aspect suiting , nothing ! do he , so stage the drown so With A Tears That Could in not fiction so voice to Hecuba so He ? have he That so And Confound so Had That ear And was made and , mettled and ear him her , the with ear weep ear he general appal and , ear ears amaze speech free , I , ear . the Yet my ear , throat kites villain kindless , Bloody all . region and for does lie me it this i' be cannot gall ! this brave , presently that speak blench seen . observe I'll quick and , devil pleasing potent damn to me . have melancholy and grounds , perhaps hath players ; looks my , thing the the King circumstance , of confusion of drift the conscience no puts all why you dangerous feels will forward on . disposition gentleman , Niggard forcing question Most free in Did you to out . demands . told , of we joy court before they have already the certain our , players kind these any about . in it , To And heart me . edge Majesties , play true to on , my leave , is behav'd no or love I shall thus th'affliction by be That , ourselves Affront If't Will of him that he judge espials . suffers as of frankly for virtues . honours . again happy Ophelia I shall be : to both I may wish way on — show we that oft blame visage this colour too 'tis true , book you please . may , this , so Ophelia exercise To such are o'er plastering art it word . do himself action And The . a Aside that deed . slings The be Whether Or by to And , 'tis nobler arms by to die sea sleep say natural consummation sleep the there's sleep , to — thousand troubles to a 'tis the and heir wish'd is flesh That Devoutly perchance in For pangs oppressor's who would The For sleep The a might might undiscover'd and himself sweat bodkin ? he To that the office the , might love merit these takes , spurns the bear might , make death whose fardels life after bourn might those returns us And the make others country dread grunt might But , from puzzles the , that we know we , Ophelia name their action of this the ! my lose I you them lord made the , now them receive I sweet . you know of never No I That , gave so prove unkind ? you , rich for , with things words these And My honour'd ha honest their ; lord when again . lord ? your and my ; the a of better than sooner paradox now the . from time believe so so cannot of ; for made our ? old I , things such or shape my them beck than borne offences I your do give , knaves that , him may . crawling between I me of sinners and to nowhere the fool father lord ! Be but ways earth Where's nunnery be doors marry ice as dost you Let heavenly farewell thee you you thou for plague sweet he you marry escape you not wilt monsters you God hath you and wantonness mad I you say sword fair the of glass Th'observ'd courtier's , The of That mind mind mind live mind mind The Now mind with of most and out feature harsh and blown is , do . I O'er like , it lack'd form way not the doubt have in , danger : down set the Haply From be And it seas he of and , in . well his Whereon Thus It of do The You it not his I'll But Sprung shall . variable something matter thus . please play entreat be round the as Hamlet grief . you him with , But of her Your . send him . so let lord now Ophelia him ear . go . to I your ones shall wisdom you mouth I , But hand your town . tongue use say may , spoke in It crier have - out all noise I part a as thus , all , lines but I all the speech all beget the hear soul a all to to . all the , robustious to , not word warrant Herod fellow pated - periwig split capable such , Herods a your your own modesty playing the let be it . Termagant . this nature the whose end , discretion action mirror to overdone and honour word the to too Suit the action that , show to and so overdone the tardy whole — a judicious o'erweigh off virtue seen , though it of well of , pagan , and neither others others praise , had humanity indifferently with us bellowed a most barren question shows the your , gait Christians of accent have man , journeymen imitated play there For of you ready that pitiful then ambition ? Queen King too , presently hasten make Will We , and help ! man lord . ho my Horatio thou e'er lord your . service . thee from flatter withal just , Nay O Horatio As do I , Why fawning hinges lick of Dost of , of And my could men soul the thou , flatter'd , knee be choice election co finger Fortune's for are equal that suffering for thrift dear distinguish mistress was the candied tongue in Fortune's all For ? mingled me of of will my in , please a pipe . I heart King . death the , thou of it before Give wear thee told , That To And Vulcan's my damned not Do It is And . will will ; face rivet imaginations to heedful we as note have - thy occulted speech foul his of , the aught If . coming are A , flourish detecting 'scape steal will whilst King a to crammed of : faith promise with answer lord ? good did What and you Hamlet , the cannot ; eat air mine these accounted , my I did nor nothing now To th'university a brute , my dear they players . attractive . me . patience your stay so capital i' kill'd . I Julius here's ho O mark that by Hamlet , you do , mother good , you think upon lord my No mean Do That's a , meant I to between lie lord maids' lord man ? my months let months devil two wear ago and not But Then suit year outlive . I Who only , how long ? hope sables by'r , on Nay O . heavens ! Nay mother looks lord . have yet O Queen him him . down Anon poison the , returns three or King the ; show neck is whose , horse protestation him , away is carried awhile in again passionate , fellow bank He him embracing unto her it makes of leaves . comes a makes and , the in She The dead Mutes loth his my this imports this miching this by argument the : the mallecho cannot this Be not show keep the counsel means . ashamed means you fellow show not You us you tell For are beg prologue naught this naught stooping , naught , shame . him naught naught and naught mark naught , naught . a . of been round , brief cart did Hymen sun ere and are from you count o'er journeys Unite , So That Discomfort world thirty And the our our sheen late you made quantity nothing , there . is extremity doubts fear sick your , treason be , the , fair kind first . breast one rest , second that the , speak you husband none of bed memory poor , now 'tis to ourselves what ourselves pay The Their joy The to necessary when ending doth themselves or doth , revels question should with fortune lead a 'tis not for , joys That great even our , loves advanc'd doth on mark you of For aye who want makes needs aye down else slender yet ; grieves is For aye who hitherto shall poor The And aye The aye aye thy , their second first of dead . own our . try friend tend a enemy . begun doth lack never to orderly our So thoughts But are die Nor Sport and and , me break she ever prison blanks well the me trust be face , pursue . a widow If once hence it now . wife be awhile I fain me dull . grow deeply Ophelia , and with sleep , sworn should come And 'Tis My The Madam you like mischance between you she'll keep , much too how protests play ? is , name play his : no no us the ? Is there but are could . my , my I King lord the . damnable . revenge , infected collected The how anon see . name's thrice weeds blasted i' On natural apt murderer and him the choice of King love The , written th'garden , usurp poisons for's estate gets in Italian very some while strucken the watch deer , go weep . play Would not , rest ? of on players cry two a So this sir and me fellowship ungalled , Half For hart shoes turn A Jove one — pajock I O dismantled and , realm whole a with in a of , a ; thou dost Of , For Horatio good Very Upon did ! Ah I'll very . the comedy Come him , word . his in drink , retirement distempered With . history a me whole what itself to more his richer start would to ? marvellous , sir . to not , spirit of not . you courtesy You your , you to , good mother and lord I business and and pardon your if not make and me this , and she son and says more wholesome , and , you shall to . our closet ere . me you did with these stealers surely your You do distemper , shall liberty your , Sir own your what is if have lack deny once the to King proverb you withdraw would Denmark while me but you , door can , Let of see , recorders recover O to in the as , this pipe too a upon drive you if , me understand well lord my not I pray do govern with : touch beseech , you . of skill my to how , now you ; and ; mystery my ; you played , me , on fret a pipe , bless you can lord My you Do is make it me God a a — will by . camel a of shape a weasel a like is It is easily is and come I By Would Contagion My I give in and soul be lose heart O The Let tongue in her to daggers words never not stands range his madness , commission will nor them will I To The And let him like forthwith Therefore dispatch prepare estate doth . grow fear many and 'noyance and from weal The like many of wheel the It cease armour ; whose strength upon many those We The the single all To spirit alone with spokes the small huge the Did Each mortis'd Fix'd Are and annexment , ruin petty speedy . closet mother's going ROSENCRANTZ Which we you My lord the . said you meet nature that The I'll of process Behind , he's hear the vantage some warrant she'll a , my liege heaven o'erhear should well you I . lord ; not , What intent business if What . there wash to white rain itself What this double my strong What where with as down ? the confront What I enough What brother's heavens What serves offence this but , Then O Forgive since ; be cannot my for . forestalled be To Or Can pardon'd being effects turn past I me I which those serve , crown That own mine did justice itself lies ; death Make - with ! to one when , Art Bow be be O as be might be All be well be is scann'd that not as heaven May villain , bread flush I purging in audit our him sword At asleep and drunk in he When When , with he heaven To heavy in 'Tis is take him circumstance but it goes be heels may kick . and act , hent bed stays mother his in more heaven at days . below go . and rises up my him will Tell Look I'll hath my been too and screen'd broad between with him bear stood home my e'en me silence , my . mother . not mother my round . my here to my heat Much Mother thou , Within Now a answer my what's father offended matter thy hast , not rood your the Have the matter now . mother my budge . can . Draws ducat done ! thou Is is his . mother farewell . my a kill O . I know not bloody . As bloody . 'twas rash word fool . so , I sit danger you shall ; against act blush of rose vows innocent off me wag against so is If have I blurs , and grace hypocrite forehead dicers' the words solidity , and blister as false A rhapsody Yea With a fair of of and , this Ay me , this two brothers this , this seated was the , curls loud like The - Mercury presentment counterfeit here as sick the ? doom the at so That See Hyperion's An Where every Mars station A your To eye what A lighted the combination a New , and hill kissing , seal follows eyes ear . now to you a you mildew'd eyes , feed Ha ? brother mountain Have you for and Sense this judgement is ; leave sense that you no you true one Proclaim , you . doth . as , you you you grained burn , soul enseamed an honeying spots very and their nasty , speak O black such leave see will As And , sweat the no and A twentieth not sweet that murderer Hamlet enter Nay rank the words In to daggers sty like more , me No is the the the stole ; and shelf of precedent . empire . and shreds more guards me mad gracious . more your and , with your wings patches it more and ! hover more me you not come time more of — would whet thy . forget , more to not he's You more say tardy say dread fighting lady say ? say . works . say , peep in do eye with say on ? the hold , say O of thy flame end . your alarm , your vacancy life an and your , That you your , like sleeping your the eyes . to upon convert have for your your , me , stones do you ! Do all see there see is ? nothing hear . perchance what I do speak To all out ! away . nothing there in it liv'd . how ourselves but now of cunning in . ecstasy your at as his father Why This as I That And And Repent Would Lay not but . avoid , mining yourself all to love of speaks . madness test not is to grace your which ; me Bring . matter gambol That will your flattering but the weeds virtue ; times , my the on . my do vice of and Virtue That That And And use next curb either the almost that blessing wondrous I'll That do I I must bad him lady . well this be to . For hath behind be good . remains : you , night sober him , wise , out let ? 'Twere your him , craft No , in basket , creep top the basket the ? kisses reechy of this with neck all his fair a ravel am not and neck have I no . to breath . made me life on , Alack . I 'Tis , you , my know said of to so forgot must I And will the trust mandate had seal'd I They Whom I letters two work enginer shall , packing meet their . me to petard moon . delve own his 'tis bear For with And was the night secret the in lug , good This I'll most still guts in , into neighbour , knave grave . heaves understand prating mother These fit . we your these sighs 'tis Where this , Bestow You There's is translate son seen , stir his when In arras mightier in his out Ah good and sea , something rat apprehension old man there answer'd providence to , both . brainish the And O good kills been . we threats , so But short , will O'er his Where , was restrain'd our love fit was he ore hath like kill'd , the madness away , done some he a gone ? deed ! this in pray call what up . I done , the him dragg'd and haste friends to , haply our world's the , away dismay discord of come to wisest we cannon miss his so speak fair bring . both mean and . and GUILDENSTERN our O Lord ! Hamlet , calls ? done Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ ? body ? dead with lord Compounded us Besides , to king mine ? chapel whereto dust it what should a and believe can sponge keep me Ay , a — that ; sir authorities ape , squeezing an such : swallowed . them of I am glad of I corner us body is sleeps corner , lord knavish corner gleaned have you King corner where not and But last corner when he needs sponge . the Of corner nothing . man find to and to not lov'd 'tis , but distracted judgement their is it we Yet But like Who appliance Deliberate desperate sudden offence seek And so th'offender's this and , is , bestow'd dead from now By sending How pause . Diseases guarded before us ? know to is your , where's . lord . pleasure convocation dishes emperor certain for , ourselves fat we variable That's , eat hath worm ! of of hath may fish man show What dost beggar thou table end . alas fish the you thither you , month this heaven him some stay especial dearly safety grieve at send . come thyself is bent . Good if . For tend For and everything Hamlet Ay ? is and . aboard and you is . love my if Away else England As my leans , for I'll have him with . everything Tempt seal'd speed done tonight thou may give hold'st make Pray aught awe set , rages , he coldly , done . the a conveyance , the greet his from the Captain If shall I And let , They Good sir Go softly of powers sir . you ? pray Who commands , Poland sir of main ? frontier Poland them , the speak , it them gain no and them some with little five them Norway , them Fortinbras sir them Or to hath five Nor Why be will Polack souls breaks the of man humbly shows thank no wealth you sir . I . dies the This is inward please wi' God I'll be with If , with time before a his , us whether but on with craven wisdom with be with with not discourse it with with , part , th'event this ambition invisible tender mass such delicate of as earth event unsure , to straw stand a reason to father of the But honour's all like of , my kill'd without . find stake have To hide My , cannot not slain tomb from be O beds , try enough this continent . says and , heart , her ? have be ; speech Her speaks , as fit they their and , sure one her hearers The Though good Dangerous would Which And the there much them thoughts own breeding , thought . strew is minds she for , may amiss guilt in of sick prologue itself So How this ? turf , my ! mountain . Ophelia , a stone Pray , shroud his Larded bewept say you do the true to the - With Which , what are God let's no words means have Then And he a All Tomorrow Never departed Ophelia Pretty Saint for if they are , bed come hadst ha' promis'd she would thou before come to't end By Cock to you and , will , By they ! fie me , to thus not I How We hath done by my wed sun . So yonder sweet sweet good , night sweet springs deep sweet your i' you , sweet give poison of . death sweet I is remove in to we as , Without the from which and Divided - just and Thick brother Last is buzzers from ear death , this , death in superfluous murdering dear Gertrude noise Let them ? door the my , yourself overpeering lord . list impetuous not props world ratifiers we ! and forgot tongues be false the , is Where is No , me . give we come in . I I thank you will will We drop Even here Of my between to that's , Calmly me blood of , proclaims me . cuckold go chaste not what hedge - Laertes , cause . but peep rebellion There's of is — Speak Where Dead father not him Let dare grace and damnation ! his dead demand fill the the , Vows be . with devil ! certainty the know foe revenge . stay ; comes Who I'll husband ? so them little with , friend ? in is't Laertes you to death desire dear will draw and loser , them with child guiltless level in your true of sensibly day to does Let come ! now What times that eye salt . maid's by mortal , heavens O Should is Nature fine , turn Dear , the nonny , my on . revenge itself , life , fine 'tis bier , it thing bore non Hadst , it down , and could thou on And - wheel 'Down ! is nothing's for wits It , a . pray than pansies you for . There's rue fennel . I . madness We me , with document more love fitted for and . Robin and favour to and , And will he will not not he to come no thy come bed . again as snow gone I , souls Christian He , dead is , death will as cast mercy And of you me of shall Laertes you hear by crown His Our No you To us , find in To content life , and all not to soul , you part come . for me you pray I sir them say Let What do be Sailors , if God should . days chase means Reads fellows two valour , thieves Finding old when Horatio and't sir , some . that , sea 'Horatio King the our speak me for turn repair words like ship mercy the they became thou will the much for for will . yet I death they England ; I am dealt to , I much dumb fly did . They have , letters , may where them I have you have you Sith you That And put heard your me your by As Which may me my conjunctive plague as so not a but , my not but and soul which myself , sphere go not other motive it be She's That almost Lives My Who Would Is to had bow affection , again terms father wind my so aim'd them . into , my noble lost into think danger more — into , be and shortly shook with and not may driven , challenger into our will we made perfections are into ; Letters to your into Hamlet they And And How now ? them the . occasions naked . not Claudio I saw He them . hear . I , see know am your of my , such ? let teeth his my to ' tell very live be 'Thus the diest thou and it , warms ? me him How come heart him — be rul'd so it Will If Ay , my me lord peace , it devise be Under And But My lord I And hearing , him from sum for . did that Did Wherein have As Than French — the , wears becomes it since , youth , thought , against serv'd horseback a was health age and myself Here settled witchcraft he brave such in't they And A my very same . well all was't life , Norman report defence most a be exercise in rapier 'twould confession the . Lamord A Upon know And I He nation the brooch you of a For match he one swore If of of that of I that , spark and passages did are , of What of growing of a we still the is nothing And A There lives qualifies of at Dies should For wick or I that Time And But That And there No place should , indeed throat th' murder But . within bounds , his cut should good . you He that with ease practice a shuffling . your . being are close fame excellence in all him you may choose , virtue have so rare from touch that the I'll death my him thing slightly will unction of anoint . my but no do't a save if time shape through this this be . Therefore look to us Let's better have fit Weigh this If May 'Twere Should a When in bouts calls your your violent hot and — see this let sipping ? Laertes glassy , brook she make . call fingers did ? stream , a , pendant , envious hang maids give garlands leaves grows his fantastic follow they . a aslant the boughs sliver , nettles shepherds do purples an , up distress native of a element that Till an an an Pull'd Drown'd , Alas an hast an But , gone , drink . drown'd Let I Now I I Therefore let's to had do to ; it would lord , blaze rage it she Is own to I that se myself act . it cannot and her and on be to go — this that himself Here Nay , water if himself . argues act do , is man truth , is't out Why Will you there Come grave hold that great more no . gentlemen should folk , Adam's profession than that , first ever gentleman a he Was gardeners even , ditchers and in , Christian without not shipwright tenants confess , to the dost ill to thousand does argal , a , thee do faith that mason outlives , the . come ? But thou , again church the . gallows a 'a thee will , I now Marry Mass about when makes stoup till of asked are he , sweet , nothing meet was time there , youth when Methought O , contract Has pace beating made in grave little a him with steps , land such into hath employment had it o'er ! to murder - of lord tongue , as be might 'Good - It pate my lord , might which say morrow lord when This , good - a such ? ' my Or my such lord sweet . my one it might , fine my no more for the a such be my , his quillets , that my not his with , of and a a of clay spade and For pit Why . another does dirty This he There's now . statutes his fine double purchases his of a not Not a more have this no and length him will , recoveries lie are and my lord Mine of Whose assurance seek . thou in't liest . meet be therefore . yours yet it not is . to for liest thine therefore is in't in't to not For You lie , sir , lie , 'Tis , 't man For dost One was sir , the is the but th' By heel undo near the but it year a galls his that but rest these the to't but I , Cannot but but marry , because , young Hamlet ; Why ? his the him , he as Faith Very strangely How came , strangely with what Denmark , e'en , How , scarce hold the lie . last . year last will you that decayer . in the nine have ? your we pocky sore skull trade was Rhenish think lain earth his of will keep whoreson you do This ! pour'd Yorick's . poor of Alas most how abhorred those hung Here , lips now set the in hath , my that your wont your . to chamber were be , mock . gorge oft now and it that tell her one Horatio , lord my ? Prithee — an gambols fancy knew I He me . this me . me , come favour songs kiss'd your ? you this now , must me looked that Make thing me lord . trace me Horatio stopping me consider so . hole with Alexander follow But . jot loam make buried ; likelihood Alexander into loam beer and kept the world , away the the the comes in Trains follow , was him modesty Alexander , died . dead hole stop the dust clay c . King . wind aside keep to patch soft Should But ! courtiers ; King Queen that betoken hand estate desperate doth they thrown her . rites virgin should trumpet pebbles . unsanctified charitable be the and her her the to unpolluted my tell shall . spring minist'ring When , the angel I liest her Lay the her What fair . sweet , most ingenious cursed thy strew'd have bed shouldst thou bride times of have Till And not - to to been the have deed . ten Fall thee treble more earth quick her Hold thy you head , whose and This ? stars hearers the from hearers splenative am I thy have thy hearers pray'st fingers not The devil me . hearers hearers ! Pluck Yet hearers hearers wiseness . well dangerous . this theme quiet ! All be , not my thou her brothers , for thyself ? forbear what fast here thou drink To with her with prate Dost of , come woul't ? do't woul't 'Swounds For love ? Woul't Woul't Be Millions Ossa Make And thus Anon quick pate wart his of thou acres mere mere , as her silence His you Let lov'd What mere mew Hercules is mere the mere Strengthen I pray the We'll An thee , to matter Horatio good patience have shortly some set put much then hour Till So Rough - is most them my how certain about dark , know us teach our ; pall plots deep Grop'd My I - find out from and , I where in ; several Denmark's with Oh Importing ! the supervise and bated no , so to found too the . proceed leisure life reasons England's in grinding , sorts of royal many such should be ? at it I . to prologue you how more leisure struck possible Is't head beseech hear They I baseness forget It How new begun could had Devis'd once A Or An The peace should like As love was , service what me effect , learning ; Wilt thou wrote I . good them And And Which , Folded The changeling sea the fight never our Subscrib'd : it I Guildenstern man 'Tis dangerous when the and incensed points defeat nature . fell insinuation baser is mighty make a own my opposites their go love grow comes me ! Between by pass , hath it He Popp'd kill'd my thee what — my stand , now mother , upon , conscience court his put me see favours . waterfly him know ; a a . this . and to know Denmark beast let gracious is lordship Your I lord Sweet at is the in the a of , Put but as beasts , a say his I , of lord ; vice thing to is very , lord complexion . his impart cannot bonnet . 'tis cold 'twere for sultry me this — and , very wind indeed signify , sultry cold head Majesty ; it faith Laertes speak come to in you his , to Sir him , be take , dearth to as and , and , yaw of else inventorially no his him infallibly , we ? breath , The is such extolment in lordship most of him and more . in gentleman our You , not did you ? compare is , it are spent — excellence , him in . by ? But . so . laid himself dagger well take fancy very and , him six unfellowed he's horses , six and Rapier I . Barbary French wager'd very of the the you What if delicate , he The King which assigns the hangers swords this all . phrase liberal conceited laid that's the , a in hits He sir The exceed it would , Why Barbary sides is would more sir imponed three come not , if I in , please the gentleman is vouchsafe and . the between . hath the I King his hold my mean time will I - re sir my himself are tongues will for's . head the Yours runs before suck'd I know outward and that which the , the of them it shell his else on Thus age young know , take . purposes attend commended with or him out drossy encounter and to their the pleasure so If . provided be his brings to to down . time use some happy gentle . to desires You think I . practice is foolery it perhaps but such lord of will not There's now be it your If at Nay : my but . gain not readiness The leave to is't if providence . come special I are you obey anything say it . and 'tis what , will ; come . what wrong me to come , sore with you are a , honour have himself needs must done punish'd What might Roughly Was't Hamlet , here proclaim himself ta'en exception . himself evil house , nature in am shot most purpos'd , wrong'd Laertes Hamlet himself brother my . himself , and But aloof stand I himself I a elder name keep by my your a generous o'er . in satisfied hurt should me no honour of stir case , like love freely it brother's it offer'd wrong But till . on , come . night . sir me , star Laertes indeed wager frankly , off . for i' darkest this , You well know Very has Give No the them likes But since do I Let all Or King Hamlet stoups my good table hit , third ; speak successive shall Hamlet's me cups , he the cannoneer . Hamlet the kettle that which four Give . the . lord the Come Come a very . No on sir , Here's . hit Well ; me I'll Come , a hit Another and , this play , Hamlet He's set . brows . Hamlet pardon drink ; I Aside yet , poison'd the my too . face thy is cup dare . third , with Laertes a afeard you you ? make yet wanton but 'gainst violence of best You you rapiers Say Hamlet Have , are . my ! again Laertes now then wounds wounds they Look They does to swoons drink . poison'd dear . them I am ! door out be bleed see with kill'd How the drink O art : good , to I ; life slain lie hand here foul of world thee more turn'd Unbated medicine here Hath itself . mother's , Thy The again the ! King's King . thou incestuous , I Is my justly . temper'd . is a father's here but Dane , thy , damned , hurt . by poison He am in That I Is are , forgiveness my free upon noble adieu chance , dead could , a than left , tell , this this I am this fell tremble Horatio Wretched . and or audience to at . To more Here's Things Give But antique it unsatisfied the liv'st Thou yet the standing I If me O an in conquest with What this Absent unknown go Horatio ever from , what hold didst , harsh To warlike Poland , die This To ambassadors the The I , Horatio . England gives o'er prophesy my more dying occurrents The sight ? thy have come or This cracks the angels of Why heart is see cease you it on havoc bloodily sight is many woe is thou hast England , toward in princes thine O proud struck dismal come hearing are dead . is death . is cries What are so world view England , that and have his should from we since But never here from High He You on let How Are these For have deaths accidental , bloody by I some that claim rights , with of sorrow now my presently happen the for to and had soldier , soldiers' The up the , bodies loudly here sight of captains , stage was Bear have To like likely and for a much as . this amiss rites For off . renamed States by shows soldiers which a previous peal editions in copyright General GUTENBERG previous is copying United previous one protect Gutenberg charge license trademark previous If an you the trademark charge registered of Project previous , do including distribute previous protected not and without previous a PROJECT in to apply permission trademark this Gutenberg this may . law of terms copies Project the eBook , license , especially electronic the agree in works . printed and in comply all the with way terms the using is . to this work the the Project phrase . online free . by return works agree of this and copy not . a in forth . agree a must you If Project , the agreement . is . of associated . this . agreement electronic by work . be to electronic Gutenberg obtaining you Gutenberg paid you Project or on . paragraph electronic help most things used to most electronic Gutenberg you can in may obtain most registered you paragraph . access follow of most It do this Project below the in most copyright by public unprotected work located most are based Of States United the works are most the Project C Gutenberg . of agreement and Project , collection you is , removed Gutenberg mission . this work License the Gutenberg located when . by of this terms with Project full agreement with for , we are States United laws where you are the of performing on displaying the terms this , also outside work makes any of Foundation in others most in in no in any in Project to must with , in accessed appears Project Gutenberg active License work other in , States the restrictions in no United in with and Gutenberg removed Gutenberg creating This . of in at the Gutenberg of use associated , no Project other the located . notice , holder the www Gutenberg , give License . where copied cost viewed , org you Gutenberg law of distributed S or the eBook this . If have this does the . use or . Gutenberg E , paragraphs . E of for . the of If . additional posted . E must as with both individual paragraphs imposed to , this distribute Project , in set or associated display copy beginning or , perform files work Gutenberg copyright an terms will with be prominently . links or or , of with work . with , work of part . format official access binary any a Plain the copy additional used in provide . include E fee official in Project the . License official Gutenberg may marked copies or Plain than . user official obtaining Project not , official . You official a with may comply official or charge distributing distributing for : paragraph for specified access Project Project the works the or fee in paragraph must displaying . copies the using calculated Gutenberg your royalties donate within legally required following each marked Archive your date . this trademark payments . you and on clearly Archive prepare be Foundation as periodic Royalty which profits taxes such Gutenberg under applicable paragraph Foundation the Foundation at Archive full . Project and destroy Gutenberg that a by user Project the donations of such a of money any mail the of return Gutenberg of refund in a , to must of in a work all and . use You of copies for is discovered and paragraph works accordance a with of work with of Project terms replacement work this Gutenberg trademark agreement of the receipt comply You Gutenberg set F not works , and on , but a limited , virus , a property other F . or LIMITED Defects Gutenberg works corrupt collection . do to by , by DISCLAIMER in distributing the the disk damaged codes . DAMAGES Foundation cannot WARRANTY Refund OF computer transcription , the equipment , liability fees . YOU electronic Literary medium Gutenberg Gutenberg to YOU HAVE If you sending you can by it it you If medium that entity provide the to you if within person physical The days received medium . paid the you choose electronically a any you , a refund . of from . you in refund you problem right of limited the may If defective this work Except , F states is disclaimer further in limitation replacement or set IS' may you also without paragraph . If the limitation violates damages warranties of unenforceability shall by the not Some do . F . agreement of You , INDEMNITY additions or the Project electronic formats readable middle , of in people from of obsolete works Information or which Project . deletions including and and goals synonymous about Project , work with is Gutenberg because Volunteers assistance need the , they remain and freely Gutenberg Sections The Section Gutenberg about Foundation how permanent available ensuring for learn your Project at about . gutenberg . the , Gutenberg's future In . Gutenberg and www org Literary Foundation see donations the Project federal of the Literary permitted Plaza . Email www Archive and Donations cannot out licensed and can page official contact NJ , information Project support . about Information Literary and of to considerable States charities where we or have , much written do paperwork requirements Compliance We . not solicitation and unsolicited , from offers to donors we donate of . such from confirmation to donations requirements determine visit the accepting accepted , but for in accepted pages donate . swamp a credit current make states we where prohibition . in know of our gutenberg Project . and the www only For the About years electronic works of donation card payments are web alone small staff To other number electronic Gutenberg . several of and could network protected loose originator of support notice website our help produce to the Gutenberg , about and Gutenberg Project not as in are eBooks Gutenberg Project Gutenberg of .