Stand Stand ? Stand Who's Stand Stand the Stand and live King Stand Stand . Get Stand And struck much thee upon , cold . and good mouse a do meet , watch hear think I The If of you my Stand Friends O has farewell Barnardo Horatio ! him thing 'tis belief twice this nothing . says not I approve us may Tush down once Sit again fortified two so tush , awhile our , Last star made same night that's burns The Where his yond And let Barnardo of bell where thee now break it When Peace figure the not art t'illume westward heaven , Horatio , it again Horatio . wonder of . thee time Denmark charge this , me majesty the By It speak I , speak See it In heaven is ! my ! this You . fantasy ! believe King ? look ! Without ! I might and Of He Thus In before stalk particular what martial the he he As smote With But this the observant by this ice watch the an , frown'd twice Why Good This sit in , And Doth What might not such make , Whose image you this combat of slay Dar'd the , Was he , Well Which life , and by Fortinbras last , us . most by which the been To Against even but now the this our known , law who world valiant pride of esteem'd those the to ; in which ; by , of seiz'd inheritance King a had conqueror the of the up , to which is some list unimproved vanquisher fell in skirts of of here lawless ; in't stomach father And the by hath doth Hamlet . well recover a diet state I rummage preparations our unto foresaid take , in and lands , trouble watch other haste motive of And by strong hand chief land so that palmy and tenantless of dead gibber sheeted streets blood of , the and state is and armed Well Comes I it think The squeak in In That the little stood of sun the and graves A stars And our Lo ! climatures and of the . earth earth where the preceding precurse on still to the prologue to earth harbingers omen of use . thy avoid earth to Speak or , blast sound thing earth good any any thee thou cross earth , it earth , behold it hast soft But earth thou happily thou if Or , foreknowing hast treasure Extorted Which it say Stop it , here strike Marcellus stand ! here gone majestical . the when , speak guilty malicious cock summons it to blows as our was For And started vain offer To Whether Awake the , cock Doth It The then And sounding warning his have about a his The Wherein our singeth all planets stir ; abroad strike to no hath No The of no witch is gracious so do and are takes So they bird To faded dawning wholesome nights fairy then Some say nor and heard , look the dew watch the then dare power morn of yon in , hallow'd have So we o'er , consent needful I pray , him As Do you our find shall we Where Cornelius Lords , hearts be our yet bear our with sorrow of , a dropping with one with funeral in and dirge eye joy , nature ; kingdom dole herein we , defeated state . our thanks have nor wife to mirth With Now our He by Thus Importing the father valiant ourself disjoint supposal by with not Our is is You Giving to the King is Of business For lists is further Who much Norway and is purpose in : and and proportions full this no is your greeting herein , business uncle is and gait of Cornelius is , all CORNELIUS is bearers To of Farewell ; subject to old you further , power personal . farewell with news show and us be not throne thou of , my . instrumental to , mouth is hand more Dread and the Denmark to I return favour though lose And What your coronation , last my Polonius , me . go consent ? slow hard time be will ! thine . kind , sun . than spend , you ? spend less my hang i' , spend spend spend , spend . eternity die spend off spend the on colour in that nature like thy lord Good so know'st alone my , inky Nor not madam Nay suspiration the fruitful customary windy nor 'Tis to it , For they actions within I can but These 'Tis To But you give But all the dejected have forms moods that the , passeth suits obsequious obstinate In impious do father To shows heart , must In Of a unfortified is sense , to in most , sorrow 'Tis a incorrect . stubbornness It For be death A From be This be of Is be Take be be You which the no nobility be our world his son , take us to earth be pray who till he , 'tis a to hath died you that think of whose a , dead most be must of reason first , and We still our son , Hamlet and you your desire our . you to most I Do is beseech impart going back and cousin lose in 'tis all with , as gentle ourself I pray not we Our Let Be Why and in , that health to great the clouds fair a best ; loving Madam tell Come . accord ; Denmark drinks , again shall shall away ; Hamlet whereof . God unweeded , O not dew in come , not ! and rank it king that not , weary to 'gainst Or grows ! I By ! Must what ! it think increase ? beteem ! should so ! things of uses 'tis ! a dead to ! seed ; That much ! to my to was this this winds so yet ere or — and , satyr and mother ! on heaven , to incestuous to With Had Like me not , month With , have longer beast tears all ! mourn'd , in her unrighteous galled most Within wants discourse father uncle mine to the such O yet I the , but no more month , tears , make And what your same or , glad myself ; you , my , The Sir see faith , that enemy my good your truant , to I'll good friend , report violence say you know your drink of deep see My to , student . funeral Elsinore ; so ? depart you father's no truant own affair your . to I lord Or ever I coldly thrift , Indeed Would Thrift Where ; I I was his for him not shall Saw King man upon him he once was goodly all a saw take look My He love , solemn - your gentlemen hear on of like - march pie with middle fear - they their , father night walk'd he thrice whilst to the with speak and to Almost jelly secrecy not not : and surprised , fear . not the me distill'd not , This did , both true and not kept him they not not was not this not thing apparition But not lord it made My head : morning did would and as did it ? methought cock ; speak loud haste away it none to 'Tis very from sound our sight , crew 'tis duty ? Then my My he he wore . or ? in . face frowningly his from saw , his ? than anger very upon . you ? it . like Stay'd might BARNARDO and MARCELLUS moderate haste like It Very tell a . longer . you . no silver'd watch will I I you , gape . person father's Perchance have sable to my it my tenable though hell pray you ; again warrant Give And it you have mine . and fare ye . silence understanding hitherto , me . Our duty play platform requite I an the to honour you your arms in visit loves 'twixt So , eleven you twelve , eyes , foul not farewell All would soul them : is deeds soul the ! soul ; rise well o'erwhelm soul night were soul , Do you me soul And For toy his soul , as , winds give , soul soul of sweet a , primy of more it No , blood nature of , favour and fashion and No The thews Forward A Hold violet , suppliance permanent lasting not more inward And The His now Perhaps but will ; unvalu'd ; voice choice his his will his virtue he He Grows fits he act ; so wisdom his saying main his give he not And for may greatness For is Unto health sanctity Carve . head To , or importunity it danger your dear . moon . open , sustain may list loss credent heart in maid her morn the galls before in you the chariest beauty is and shot of If itself The she unmask Out The oft Be to then , safety best , though are and buttons to , libertine pastors the most good good my lies imminent dew liquid none lesson . thorny dalliance rede treads his path Whilst I shall Contagious their And Youth wary Do not itself of the Himself , sits , of , for sail my . heaven to and a primrose And Look Nor thou any , unproportion'd hast , few precepts in thy And character familiar soul , thy but by palm thy not do them these wind here But thou are you And dull Grapple Of Bear't man habit , ear thy but fancy the loan For of it Thou This to not I invites Farewell The And you blessing leave tend . lord . keep Lord ? said keep it . keep . keep keep keep keep keep of you and and yourself on must the up your Give of to I bounteous clearly call circumstance you yourself baby poor dearly ; a yourself of for more tender me me importun'd honourable , he you Ay My Or , Running — it And When the springes the light promise your . it at higher Lord Hamlet presence walk young ; heat heat heat , heat heat heat heat heat ways come your Lord my you lord talk slander terms . sanctified so and , plain words I charge to't , I nipping ; is eager and an it a Indeed , his not then draws . now very . the season near wont struck of is . held lord walk , rouse upspring his down reels out native observance nations a and : in his of nature Since By down — pales habit I , form Being Carrying Or His The all that Doth , and I That Bring thou Angels a King Have canoniz'd burst Dane . a or or blasts wicked ministers damn'd goblin charitable or health hell , Hamlet me death O I'll hearsed cerements bones ignorance saw thus up Wherein burst thy in , the ? we do ? tell and What again thee Hath their quietly ! his we Making if you did should , it go to horridly corse , of we glimpses the the , hideous beyond it Wherefore ? to So why It will No speak It It And I do for Why Do not set , soul what , a me waves not you the to Or madness Without madness madness draw looks madness on It not madness shall You Go madness waves go , madness , madness Hold ; fate each makes I , away make — Go . lets that him to . this . come . fit thus ? of Something Have ? lead wilt Mark Speak , no . Denmark I'll me is hour sulph'rous render Alas almost . me come tormenting flames . bound thou when my whose thy lightest up purg'd crimes in my days I , blood to from particular knotted And Make Would List blazon the . If flesh But And the day away and secrets soul of tale a hair prison house hair word hair , hair hair ! hair as hair hair . most unnatural murder . swift wings , Murder as in ! foul or meditation most to As May sweep in ; forged abus'd not Wouldst A 'Tis Rankly Is stung rots with . uncle soul wears Now ; that me that this ease Hamlet in Lethe wharf , of youth noble father's , gifts beast , the lust queen shameful his to what gifts seeming a off was my — of , That those mine lewdness court But wretch her hand love falling - there and gifts it celestial of in in a to And ! virtue angel garbage radiant , heaven will be ; air ; pour , vial stole in my of . my My custom be secure porches methinks of on I scent a though soft Will sate prey always of Upon let me in The the That Thus was sleeping , the disappointed , even Most , reckoning of , of at queen a . it , damned incest . be act this Denmark , bear , bed royal nature ! my ! on sent most my to all horrible Let But thy O With to and life in crown but thy of made A in horrible ! once contrive , lodge bosom her leave let it shows adieu , of you couple I shall O 'gins his worm , sinews poor stiffly thou , Ay , my hell ghost , What me Fare . her adieu - glow all And the baser book villain with O Meet it villain , is smile , most O Unmix'd That saws one tables smile And thy books away trivial all all live brain ! villain , pressures there HORATIO I Within . My and . my lord . Hamlet . have Within , ho , boy my , lord Within , is't , Not I lord , lord reveal , lord my O What How news , tell Good How then ne'er villain , and no But my this the right ; all . knave lord us are that you tell right fit business Why There needs You as Such I Look you and I'll . heartily , pray own . poor : part desire for , is now scholars , know , Touching what by Yes , they faith offend heartily , There's It And your offence are you As but we not . not will MARCELLUS , and you lord , seen lord Upon We Indeed , my under Cries upon I , there cellarage Art the lord . have sword my of by the swear . my in thou . sword heard . have my , our Horatio . fast , stranger help it welcome But think , strange , you — would' might' , if if , to to 'There of mercy you list So grace aught at most need gentlemen to me , So you is ; together , to and as man . do note , I go your fingers time The willing That ever let's joint lips Let cursed . together us to go , pray , make these . my lord ; intend in , Reynaldo good . it . Danskers well me in part ' ' very may put marry , say well ; Reynaldo there wild 'not that none , my he's of heed , his . take , and youth As , Ay Quarrelling But What be known usual so most wild , lord that drabbing drinking you open to incontinency go , You , may another it dishonour ? quaintly so would lord , and But outbreak assault . mind liberty charge the . this know warrant that , working . drift fetch would here's sullies a , my , th' would the or in 'friend or assur'd addition or ; consequence , so with my lord . 'gentleman' did — this say Where to 'gentleman and leave ' ay in At 'friend At Or 'I And then , gaming yesterday enter or with , falsehood and find former assays have my by brothel falling he such him , There saw such forth out not . wi' have his in you and have . let I b' shall fare lord , lord . ply Well ply ply ply ply Lord My , With ply I , down and Hamlet lord ply Pale ply And his upon what in the have been chamber , each in , speak look , hat Ungart'red To , goes by the hand thus and but truly of purport hell me fear ? hard his bulk go , turn'd shoulder he all waving so sigh thrice He end o' with his to the For As his And seem'd At Come He with me bended went shatter thus seem . being And did his piteous and profound me his without , lets to head his find That over done doors And out last way light he . I property will as oft leads , This does you natures am I . any as letters him better with hath him denied did of , to , meant It To must lack I His That am I quoted that made . fear'd . the younger our did to beshrew but sort the Guildenstern . it so call heard inward th'exterior nor you you the man to might , put , and long use Something nor days brought you with him gather glean afflicts you your in . your his young of th'understanding I so occasion to , rest to lies open'd , Whether So That , of vouchsafe him on little so entreat neighbour'd from , it and with profit time shall awhile will hope , you , please not , good are talk'd much our will hath there If gentry much , in obey commanded and beseech , To lay And give up Rosencrantz and Thanks here and our be and and where some to gentle , and presence and changed these and and , amen to our . and lord , my the my good news . liege soul so I lunacy . have , of sure gracious this . that bring that your in feast great ; hath them he sweet , distemper , we main . arrests , found truly the he look'd which from Norway hand borne vow rebuke falsely On Receives give , Norway crowns overcome his arms those , Majesty your in employ thousand , before th'assay Whereon old annual in brief sends , Highness your preparation a was It three his , impotence , to uncle to with Polack fee pass to , to joy soldiers to to ; to , to together feast took labour business . to allowance , down well more As such On Answer Meantime , and your home madam to day nothing Why Go to your And but liege at Most majesty , will Mad brief . Your the true . is and flourishes is go with But ; be art less that for and , since Therefore Were should waste night night , and of wit time . define to outward but I to call And What is't That Or I But And he Madam is Mad That For effect idol phrase shall Hamlet To madam Doubt thou the doth fire faithful will to ; be stars the truth ill numbers I her . believe this . I have to art not is love liar am most best Good evermore Thine love But doubt I dear . But , out by obedience above in fell All given to love his thee , And As they When I Before Or told queen , the , hot you , of me , me wing that on tell what , with bespeak thy round me , did I table mute idle sight me . star precepts me winking love I went his me out and it If me Or daughter me your play'd upon a desk , herself thus , No herself from herself work herself her , resort lock a then herself I tokens of , wherein herself we all lightness a herself Thence to a watch herself And Thence there been be I prov'd I that Not know this if positively such have Do you think . otherwise otherwise fain so ' indeed ? find hid were together indeed my you loose time and If an he does he his I is hid , though the her farm Let And . it the I'll Away Mark But be from me Excellent good presently do beseech . Lord I How Well you I give , you , Hamlet me leave ? my . fishmonger . my I , That's breed to if sir , be honest sun in dead picked man to't . not gone , for love very read . my , Yet he ; my you He . far , lord my Conception ? he to youth is that Between my . thick men grey , What — again him I , believe sir that For faces are matter read slave which All that they it . hams sir Aside with potently yourself ; beards you Slanders plum most tree mean the matter walk this madness the often . Will are replies is Indeed sanity could ! that , sir honourable withal cannot My You my lord will and his part and and him daughter of will . willingly more . my life . my fools . God These tedious seek Lord Hamlet , both earth dost lord most How lads children of do ye , thou Guildenstern - button ; her favours of ? lord of ? a honest not is news that , you lord the , is doomsday None . Fortune of particular Then there ; one We ; you to so a . my prison to you , world confines worst my th' narrow one . none thinking , God be Which are for the shadow ; the a but is substance . quality shadow is is , merely light a ambition fay of that it . a my you ? Then shadows our and are beggars Shall . like to in beaten honest not speak you the way lord ; I not And you thank of dreadfully at . Were speak Elsinore servants . for But Come ? there and modesties dear it a in dear , make dear for have have ; dear is dear by , lord craft you . dear the rights dear our could better , dear dear a you sent were , our of even and youth me ? love whether the not Guildenstern I then me hold prevent feather discovery . of moult lost and , it so of lord , off of an eye of the to you , late of exercises of your My shall Queen of were of my seems me fretted with look why I but this ; I tell and of , know indeed and wherefore this thing to me than , delights no delight not , Why think , when though of paragon lord hither players did my the sigh shall shall of He for't her the . coming be shall or they tragedians the sere in ; the of blank verse the — means by such the ? such and such in comes such the No such indeed they followed did such they hold such , out such are on the is there cry they grow wonted that so - of afraid so children their , aerie rapiers berattle and of most than they ? How it ? escoted they as them say Will is thither many ? own to common Will of , are they that — scarce ? writers and not sing they These for't . maintains no Who can better question poet . and there , O throwing of ? no nation the unless this out in hundred would mouths Gentlemen is strange ; for while the players . father is , for him my lived natural my ducats more his it Elsinore ceremony Your apiece picture than to to like . you appurtenance of appear the father fashion welcome this are is extent uncle - from west north But outward you see , is — man clouts . ear his for child them out each an a . gentlemen at they say swaddling me Monday morning 'twas . actor in you so . an When news , was indeed You my . tell actors , I world , actor for tragedy , Plautus are the too heavy . a treasure , the scene on each . either came in best , pastoral Upon either These he , Jephthah O either daughter , more either he , had 'One either loved passing daughter . either ' ? either , well my either Jephthah on , Why The and I daughter I Am call you first row It The welcome , all abridgement follows . well follows then , wot where look well I like you , than God heaven your to ? valanc'd What face to , then pious most like it was my . show welcome , Com'st . thee , good friends last ! of not . passionate my give at anything a be of are . all last and are by welcome We'll heard , play well caviare . gold By'r see have the , piece speak speech quality What , a if modesty much received of with in One phrase that , I remember was never , or others make an the mine — see If , pleased might speech — with sable the couched The Black he Pyrrhus to than no as as as of in it to the in , slaughter let , rugged and , as now With When is purpose lay heraldry is he It dread Now not eyes And blood lend Hath this and , black in coagulate , carbuncles Roasted seeks like lord my , spoken with , Priam proceed , To So he , his Priam the , where match'd strikes fell Ilium senseless wind Then , this drives to too at arm blow base ear Pyrrhus' to to with Repugnant to Striking Pyrrhus short finds , sword His rage of a , sword ; For and falls Stoops Seeming reverend as Priam Which father i' . against the and , never the death speechless so new , hammers , thunder after the him forg'd All , a the orb below , the , falls for bleeding proof ; Now on the fiends the fellies away down to too your hill Pyrrhus' Fortune Priam than strumpet general , synod nave as long and with tale on jig the is beard bawdry Hecuba . is . good 'Mobled ! 'The , all . and diadem lank in seen this Who 'Gainst In bisson up good rheum the her th'alarm Pyrrhus sword make themselves would of , A down clout stood venom steep'd pronounc'd then , soon chronicles the than eyes all made husband's she limbs — at — let . Good their . hear time them , tears has Do . bad to your every use will I , 'scape him ? hear Dost the ? My bodikin should Use them man more less they deserve play The study down Murder insert not could , some a of . you him . good and Follow tomorrow night , night Rosencrantz . rogue b' wi' . peasant I you look and welcome , my , that Ay are well . passion wan'd aspect for all or he Hecuba he for him for motive would ? he I should That Make And have cleave mad ignorant and amaze Yet , function so soul his force John A dull Confound Had , ear , to What cue ear the ear very Upon say calls And ear That ear Who defeat property beard me ear whose ear A a ear ear deep by I make pigeon to 'Swounds But With should I Tweaks oppression , a This region ere , revenge to like Why To am liver'd : kites gall , that tongue , organ it have fall Prompted And About That I'll Before most For May Play miraculous They by - like scullion guilty struck though creatures my A Abuses As T'assume him mine uncle , murder like . course devil pleasing weakness and such that If my his of . The the to the be . himself by forward madness true you a receive him on to him crafty he Did Most it o'er raught To With And so him we of joy court told , further a and . much , content they are They it he To Good my ; on Gertrude shall so these doth true most beseech'd And gather may We of ourselves he encounter his , myself Ophelia , Hamlet too , judge frankly lawful . by sent for espials , no do cause hope , Ophelia be so to To , your I you for . wish , I wish it way may happy the I sugar that To Gracious exercise are We much . here — bring . on you book ! word that thing my to to Aside loneliness walk — Ophelia . Read visage devotion's . o'er too , cheek . O deed speech more a smart The not is ugly painted ! lord to we natural thousand 'tis , to . shocks consummation coil . scorns proud , office merit patient insolence When of would That calamity of the and ? the that grunt under country after fardels make spurns delay time long and and unworthy , of respect might might bear might , might bourn would a quietus might weary life might , might , from might sweat dread makes others native cowards we know of hue that , the Than And The the action sins thus conscience currents , us of all , now pith cast thought day of yours remembrances , long , My pray , you lord Rich honest , There ; them honour'd words more know you lord of sweet noble prove my , you ? fair you your you your What ha means fair and have will with ? honesty honesty discourse than . honesty transform no admit commerce sooner , me made you . believe you I gives such than at accuse loved . inoculate the so . not cannot me . my them do us , beck am sinners ? things , I very give offences not borne breeder of proud could a deceived yet I wouldst but had I as to I between Go for fool nowhere ways earth ? father your my lord none Where's , own this , thee you plague thy . house help , as , too enough as pure ice a If chaste as no I'll make God's paintings O more no have Go lisp and , live rest ; face wise nunnery ; go ; and restore ! hath amble you say I , you God . make me . sword , but nunnery ! fair the as o'erthrown here eye form down ! of and , sovereign music his of and That That Blasted sweet with ? he , ecstasy O feature out . have form jangled seen O'er And his doubt , hatch for the speed : different determination shall seas matter and quick our countries , his heart , tribute expel him neglected in But settled With Haply the objects still himself Whereon The from need it We neglected well What something of It Of all their be , let please conference , tell and . brains yet beating . commencement you on't Ophelia . I his , as the play . ear . where , with him the him confine must , spoke , tongue pray of pronounced your ; for not of passion do Nor whirlwind . pated tear it the air too , and fellow you must passion a offends , who O you had as , that but give robustious a thus it you if But . hand town - hear warrant your not to , and the you to tame Suit to now is , fellow a Herods the O the which , praise others others . and accent and made had , humanity abominably the have allowance speak gait that not your bellowed that the of neither , and ; censure so For some meantime , set altogether I hope have pagan , play whole the of Nature's journeymen highly be players — nor to Christians of have the fool set for on the . reform'd it they some . too the the now to down And that the be them let play your there question barren of of quantity uses villainous it lord . piece that haste them . ho , lord my , e'en at conversation thy pomp thee ; flatter'd spirits good the hope from flatter not hast candied follow thrift my crook the ? may I but Why . hinges should lick of absurd knee election hast nothing - Fortune's my much before too I me wear of heart of act death circumstance . this foot . father's of foul heedful both of seen my ; speech that soul thy If unkennel ghost we will I As For my damned Vulcan's And It is will eyes mine Danish play , Excellent play How : with play this nothing have - of you play To nor I play faith . are coming to the play mine play I play did What lord , Caesar Julius enact I I did answer now did was . Capitol . Brutus a . calf killed the there that you , upon good I No lie head ho . To the mean I Do you . Nothing my lord . merry , my , Who are , my lord . father died . my not and black ago months let , heavens wear build may two whose then his else a yet year . merry two within's and looks hours Nay then he must a long great 'tis outlive churches and makes lovingly ; epitaph , King lady hope , kisses upon Queen with her gifts with and , woos , her a him some dead seems accepts means end the . The , finds . She imports is miching this Belike the We Marry body ? it mallecho this , my ; the show , mischief . to , counsel the play meant show ashamed . play ? Be . to naught , that shame For you'll they Will We , tell tell are ? posy your this Is beg our tragedy clemency . for and , Full Neptune's a thirty And About journeys o'er Hymen did our , gone state , of former love and moon done sick so cheer you from woe Make Since distrust my fear , and late I love most , thirties and hearts many is love my In For you us is But Discomfort I That lord , holds quantity . you fear , siz'd , proof the great leave thou Honour'd , For needs must O love In Aside second operant powers their shalt My belov'd husband None Are I believe confound husband wed But base respects of now pay What Where joy most themselves most doth lament 'tis , with loves a is own joys That The aye aye For aye aye The poor aye you on makes friends his else nor ; aye love shall who aye And Our But thoughts Nor and So who And Our are wills and where overthrown wed lord scope of lasting ever blanks in turn lock give thoughts That our , no thy me my that hence once and Ophelia To If what I cheer anchor's here , 'Tis My day fain leave , dull , should and with thy rock tedious sworn grow Sleep come you And never but Madam , heard but much her jest , you Vienna . in you Mousetrap murder see shall majesty interpret could I our You our . our and love , one a good Lucianus are our our This our my to are our between , you leave our . thy revenge Pox seeing fit croaking no and , immediately midnight of rank season apt , the , ban Hecate's , Come mistake and Thy natural magic . written very choice murderer is in extant Thou mixture wholesome life for's He poisons i' and the How King the What fares lord my ? play Lights me some . some away feathers Provincial cry a So must The ; weep , on , play sleep two with world of go deer ungalled hart let , the , a a , I . players of the ; fellowship . share Half whole A realm dost This , You for thousand here pound Didst . Come , he king . the , recorders , the . a whole not music some him note like likes it some lord , Come , to . frame into more not start and would choler marvellous rather with ? to . the plunge perhaps purgation , pronounce , from your lord The , courtesy you great me , make most are a commandment Sir diseased ? my is wholesome , if please , good you ; business . I What My command you . answer to , Make Then desires We shall trade that she behaviour your so in with you with My your upon , own door my Good cause if your still , our ? me love pickers ? himself ? the of advancement distemper griefs your and bar the King do You deny I voice lord sir recorders the O my well lord bold . I My my you To proverb is this cannot I Believe I do no touch me govern , pray with . I know it breath , cannot , mystery you But these 'Tis command . and the . of make thing my unworthy to speak lowest you , stops 'Sblood play what note of I not the would ! pluck this I in sir , speak almost God , By you be , yet played cannot you than It Methinks it Or Very is mass the like like is Do come I my bent mother And this to heart to quake O soul not . bitter do The and I will say easily the yawn world look on Now thy nature now business could Leave me friends . and as , enter cruel daggers , us , soul range madness I let his him To How I Hazard Out is . with grow safe it hourly endure provide fear upon many , much 'noyance keep single strength armour rest bodies Majesty the is and draw bound majesty of depend ; life but and and and upon but . from whose peculiar alone mortis'd near lives The Dies Fix'd To Did What's ten ten it on huge the ten small summit ; which a general to ten this Never consequence it falls alone groan . ten , lesser when speedy this ten , us his convey warrant I'll ten going the said you process 'Tis hear My Since nature , I'll . mother's . free to haste and ROSENCRANTZ as lord the To The I'll And Thanks primal it , rank the smells . well , she'll him said know go I dear , hath My stronger Though brother's A like to ! Pray upon of O To And wash Were And It murder double business , my as eldest in both My fault pardon'd past turn cannot my is forestalled to not neglect thicker white snow Whereto serves up form foul , did and and pardon'd in But being But effects be , those Forgive Forgive My Of Forgive out Buys Forgive In forehead we Forgive action itself . Forgive murder world this of wicked Forgive , teeth no Offence's Forgive There And stubborn evidence Art Bow wretched limed born of strings angels heart be babe steel the : to same this the villain and , the the the revenge the ; not the , for would goes full the heaven . hire ; praying hire send that hire . as hire hire hire at in't about salvation and hire . thought , rage some his his horrid soul No passage more bed And and circumstance with him in him has Up When Or him whereto that his My words fly without hell Then At gaming , As This physic soul trip . round e'en . him here mother , him . to with between bear with silence screen'd Look his him And Grace hath have I'll me broad too mother coming what's thy you Hamlet Come , the have , thou You rood Nay And are No by not You shall rood down you part budge ? rood , rood rood . so , rood a glass . your husband's my . rood you of rood ! help help ? wilt ho ! dead , Behind , O what not . Nay I rash a deed kill . king 'twas rash . is busy too . heart your made it be custom and have hands and As king thy , better not lady , Take thy danger you ; tongue , down I so for , rude penetrable that bulwark against an , vows makes plucks , thunders picture this of , in this brothers and act what sick as , words as of false As The very like , what The See was to of herald set his . leave to you age judgement you but would call step sense the this to this this ? love is : Sense sure ? that sense have devil ? humble what ? feed ? without feeling ? to in thus cozen'd a have motion . difference feeling , madness quantity smelling at , one , true all blind - hoodman was some or hands it But Since I see eyes Hamlet into and grained very no melt frost the her mutine Or but a sickly O not Could Nay In there turn'st reason , speak O will Thou And rank Over A No more is daggers Hamlet sweet like slave cutpurse of And from your A the the a shelf A of shreds o'er hover No and patches his rule , figure , lets chide , with . in pocket ! your . heavenly Is amazement This between whet her thy forget . thy strongest works , sits purpose fighting is't lady , you the is't , how is't soldiers thy O in , is't discourse hold spirits your do excrements alarm , is't , son in wildly peep , is't , is't the eyes And is't And Your cool with this . you conjoin'd cause capable . do is't whom stern ; perchance not , Lest Would up hairs an Whereon . do flame end pale how you you nothing nothing speak yet I blood for I action piteous tears what Then you Do To all all there now bodiless very , he My father the brain very ! in cunning Is This yours creation his in Why , where This coinage as is the doth portal . pulse as have your Whilst what's . Infects And spread ranker . the avoid mining come my virtue pursy compost fatness Forgive , must me the , of , To , Yea and itself Virtue , thou hast woo curb For , unseen corruption , what to ; good heart the , if , Hamlet custom evil the use is you of other have sense fair worser purer away virtue likewise to He monster For And With I'll do punish I must with ; I One lady to cruel gave word ? behind kind . it , minister and will So him him their , with , I will I bad by wanton let him Or Make , your ravel am , him madness from queen mad But For Would in I you on the Pinch And paddling That in on ? you would sense ape , wise , gib a sober , top Who house's secrecy famous the of hide paddock a , a bat and the neck own the so , basket down if , of hast break conclusions in . at the lug I'll This one shall man , I them his 'tis marshal And with blow the into the an , in these matter must You There's sighs your is us on have I a Where this ; translate What good lord , his when ? as Which out his Behind But would young the the of Where it disease of , out so restrain'd us , whose providence haunt feed ? deed with slain Guildenstern ! body , friends do , haply slander to in and what , seek from in mother's . pray I you he . fair haste dragg'd some . go closet hath you , let as . hath , we world's to , shot the the discord hit And As Whose o'er so air of . Hamlet And full woundless poison'd and , Who Within . O , lord . come chapel believe we may . it mine be ? Besides by should counsel what not what Believe bear with dust Tell us 'tis that to Do it the ? king son and the needs , when ape , sponge your of — a me for the he and not , sponge ; But them authorities sir body King but , Bring us it I understand A you , ear us with body and , him goes put is dangerous must of we not their sent it him . after the law multitude distracted , To offence 'tis lov'd But Or to man but smooth all so not like Yet Who He's the in the Deliberate pause the What sending Diseases are . seem lord my ? befall'n ? body , is guarded he . supper Where . eaten worm , Your but variable service we end — for convocation A only certain fat the That's alas that lean beggar At diet two for of eat ? and ! king progress a ? Where how . In Nothing man may with Alas , worm that dost Send beggar may mean thou of heaven within thither seek month him this i' th'other to till , till you shall nose him as you up till , and and England For England the prepare must dearly safety grieve till thyself send we especial till come till till till our Ay . bent is purposes , Farewell and one for Tempt But them , it Delay Away at foot ; for I'll aboard if everything th'affair hold'st Pray at . done tonight hence you raw and looks and free coldly awe aught make with . mother and flesh Follow else not is seal'd thee may sword , of death sovereign present like thou haps were I in Hamlet to . letters Our Pays The After By Danish the thy cicatrice , process the my Howe'er cure me ne'er he my conjuring which For And Go his that kingdom . duty would him know express And If We Over shall I it the for against Fortinbras , them Against nephew of Norway some and sir , We That To the then This is breaks , of souls inward th'imposthume not Two already . it thousand Will never to , and the Why , the with dies b' and much , twenty thousand debate question of ? my a . is What . humbly God , beast after and before in To fust That us capability and and us feed all and How spur and dull his And and If and Be and and Bestial And To say say Witness Whose Even Exposing the a cause say gross of spirit by to say stir is mortal and without . death with at what fortune to greatly say Makes say When say That have for that say at But Is all sleep stake , and unsure danger dare , stand great to I my , fame a plot forth , for tomb or She is I Her and , enviously th' That but carry She i' speaks Though good botch hearers the Yet to half straws , and own yield thought . is guilt great . in her , Denmark of Ophelia ? Majesty , now one hat sandal his And ? and imports , you staff ? song . turf , table Lord your what God be when ask . a was may father , Valentine's this her , clothes , you they a . your betime , Tomorrow up Let Then the your rose the Valentine that , Pretty , I'll without will Cock Young Alack , to wed done they me , sun my bed hath thus come Indeed hope all And long ladies good cold patient been she him for ; so would , night My shall night pray , good . ground . to th' sweet i' not ha' give death her the . come , battalions in O , come is , When Next Thick , your But hugger good Without Divided In brother and which from - death gone ; in unwholesome their thoughts we and Feeds Her Last And wants is , his as on secret With Wherein pestilent wonder of of our O nothing secret ear Will and to Gives . murdering Like secret In secret , Alack secret my secret not , to his his , secret ear places secret lord my yourself Switzers The What the , haste , door . matter list , a riotous more rabble props Laertes of and 'Choose shall be we ratifiers Antiquity as ! tongues applaud false were the , flats , not And were Caps , cry were O , were The world Laertes were . The call to every shall it to were the cry they be were without all were give , you , king , broke are come I . O , thou king . me , father , Calmly Give me I . thank , the the unsmirched the . me the brow a not . divinity peep but will can There's treason Why thou of Gertrude his thus Where Let him ! allegiance the not demand But my not . by juggled . to point blackest devil dead grace damnation dare Conscience hell How I To And for my to only shall Who My means , Laertes , the your . enemies ; my ope them thus wide but you with like Will good , his To I'll his you to desire death Winner loser ? and is't friend foe ? then friends Repast Why child in your and now a them good As How Within now up Tears that . for true speak death of your judgement , sensibly to to grief , What and be O 'tis ! fine maid's wits May of Ophelia life itself sister man's where sister , shall turn heaven my brains sister sweet sister nonny . sister sister , tear sister , dove sister many thing fine It some After sends They And on Fare Hey 'Down rosemary , it down There's wheel a Hadst It could not move a his stole - that steward nothing's is document for with they bonny sweet call may you there A There's for , but good Robin favour , prettiness itself . joy my hell They . he say ? God his moan gone , again , snow come as flaxen we mercy souls you , cast on I ha' And I deny of your with O Christian must me whom and will we collateral by wisest . God b' ye grief Do they judge you apart , your labour jointly shall we And you you in life by hear direct God and , me you Go friends kingdom give call ours hand , us , shall let the to earth , bones ; so hatchment formal his heaven speak ? me . great go you is as , 'twere from question call't that . are They would they th'offence I with have part bless him thee greeted know do be from , sir them Sailors God . too you the Hamlet if bless Let bound King , warlike for this appointment overlooked it letters to let boarded of pirate a too I . we . were we they dealt compelled I am to I . They . sent have much yet wouldst On him , give Ere , knew have the . I thou was that , when sail King haste make thee fellows letters ; are did course knowest Farewell . good dumb as very put have too bring for thee their tell way for brought whom I for turn good thou clear repair words light to like me to for in them And do't To will He that , me conscience must you And I give the , speedier from him Come heard which Why So by As your , Which to to may safety and . noble me things , reasons stirr'd up , nature feats these in all special else mainly or so his me you are The for myself either other his soul which , seem much ; be but The to star the That Why could , I as not love spring my not but public great a his Would And I had aim'd , again . mount . challenger Stood her For we we can think And Sailors you them ? the them your occasions I When come . kingly , your the and no hand some you shall , them am recount us shall Laertes and 'High first asking I your Or And , it is it Can Know Hamlet's the here . 'Tis advise me ? heart let his But to . tell diest and my my so very him — How rul'd Will Ay not peace to his , by , it it be be o'errule If , not choose the practice fall device that he return'd now him ; but uncharge breathe mother be . shall shall And his death it accident my could be of for travel , so . organ much sum in , my siege your of him from regard , such the one part , What is of unworthiest and very did not Did in riband Of that You A The Importing Had can . this seat brought wondrous in't myself seen and a well brave to witchcraft And in been gentleman serv'd graveness and weeds , French the , gallant , since horse , did , thought of , had short ? was't The him A my I know all . life of confession you nation their , of nor envy . his play but this of out neither cried and gave And one swore you Your out was your father dear face are , the painting ask you this your ? still pleurisy would do like will of it , time father , many are as this a That we 'would' , are would son in church th' should , in i' . sanctuarize murder But close within good ? words . your on varnish bring so free foils heads , generous your and shall . from all excellence : together , point death my slightly of shape this time should . performance bad fail , and If through , project , this have ! I did blast our us Let's may moon , but scratch'd death him think of gall . our assay'd 'Twere We'll make he for chance , violent Soft are you your me , end have I'll prepar'd and , see hold might . cunnings on proof . make When in your ha't chalice Our he If But liberal , nettles give men's her When Fell in Which As like And our Of she - Or her from muddy poor garments . chaunted snatches own distress tunes up , indued , herself coronet call broke sliver and , be her a But heavy time Unto forbid I our of Too therefore Drown'd water drown'd , her drown'd will that a How fear I , give follow let's Therefore this follow , folly douts these Adieu , her custom . my are . When start rage ; crowner so Christian . burial her The she finds , she on , Why unless own salvation ? straight burial the own ? me man , leave Here drown is to . I if . mark drowns , the is own himself , water he lies to to do , to delver and he drown death his not to life guilty . quest had Christian burial crowner's , on't should Ay truth say'st . And my spade drown great more . have their gentlemen - gentleman Was they : There hang pity that gentlewoman is't is But the ha' If buried the grave this Why gardeners was the heathen ? Why makers or a is profession confess , The but . that he dost Could thou . either arms Scripture put without thyself Go stronger How answerest tenants a gallows outlives . gallows dost well come , argal , the . thou But Now maker ; is wit does is gallows It in to well a a thousand frame that for do ? built , me I tell mend not his 'a thee say of stoup a doomsday liquor , dull . Go , for time did it fellow no O Has this To made of , was was was in age hand was hath the e'en was Hath As And it in was a little with me shipp'd claw'd had was it skull was in be I hath if the that one might it tongue ground th' would God . once sing circumvent offices It could This a to - ' one's horse my : so a and Ay might 'twere to lord ; knocked had , beg - morrow lord dost it might sweet a it , revolution think a ; be a and spade , cost when now sexton's . with cost my 'em bones more . Worm's cost no the cost cost a of to now buyer cost cases that not cost , of his the his tricks cost , vouchers tenures meet ? of his knock Where be of his , of vouchers than his the his himself lord my pair calf . more jot more sheep - too . in conveyances the and ; They speak O , such out my , lie part on't thine it thine the . sir in't mine therefore guest pit Mine , clay For a made . sir in't , quick 'Tis What the for to a What not sir man How One to ; but must her by three , she's have the How hast peasant last thou . in't buried he a I Fortinbras o'ercame Hamlet age By knave is Lord grave fool can - his kibe to't since tell — mad , is , came — I . galls so picked long was he was not was that Hamlet Cannot that that tell ? born he shall he that that sent into was England very that day he that as . wits are men that . that wits , his scarce nine year Why or will be he , here in long that not , a water sir body dead , A great . Here's while three skull ; with years sore this is the think flagon This , that , skull of jester on King's poor , sir ! Horatio borne your , you my ? roar get ? your one this What's my tell her thing , at that . the paint — i' ! th'earth E'en so he find Horatio ! Pah lord so E'en so ? smelt But as of ; that he clay converted earth died consider stopping a trace imagination bung - not might they earth hole was wind the winter's Here comes Queen Who Might The Queen Mourners And corse rites did This ? desperate betoken . awe . world the flaw away the ! aside soft that wall follow c ceremony a very far o'ersways charitable should death command ceremony What , else we As have . Her been done be the and service burial and be prayers home priest churlish . wife while dead and dust or mountain the earth more most . sweet ; a cursed ingenious Hold Depriv'd pile Bears Like with . wonder the wand'ring emphasis What , whose phrase . Olympus grief he blue is This whose of , throat and from take rash hand something splenative well . my . them Pluck Could , thousand quantity theme him upon . her . for this theme , Until my thou no what brothers love ? forty Laertes What all their O For love , of up Make my , Ophelia forbear what me show drink me us in ? thou'lt : fast eat come eisel ? thou Dost . outface buried I'll woul't weep , Woul't To Woul't thus patient the This , When rant against Nay wart I'll pate on acres , the mountains of Millions Singeing lov'd His that you ever Hear silence her couplets are disclos'd , me no may his him day have will dog , and wait good , the , our the son . night's upon do Horatio . thus matter , watch living over last our proceeding thee pray . monument . see ? kind Rashly . me was Methought fighting ; of lay all ! circumstance Now let all , teach shapes ends all know , well us all , the pall divinity plots our Our do we certain all all , my sea all to I - Grop'd all There's deep be let rashness a hew That packet Horatio , exact their To grand knavery many Importing Finger'd My is . cabin about them and , room mine My Oh Larded , on ! such , goblins sorts of too life , to , out from gown scarf'd find commission own Their royal command bold unseal , axe ? proceed more ? commission the once did Devis'd a had Or thus could A baseness to ; me It How beseech round my brains villanies prologue Ay service I service They service The service service service And And service conjuration service a should like his the 'as'es like earnest As He Thou know'st , known the signet of in up in and make Rosencrantz their nature incensed . employment . opposites insinuation the . points comes upon my , mother hopes my and my And not proper , conscience , damn'd 'One' there from . more . issue man's I Laertes . his grief know to . cause , sorry very am state , Your tow'ring here who this back ? waterfly . say a his ? vice lord were from his leisure your I Sweet stand is your in mess let right I believe me use of Majesty . complexion . hot the lordship all you lordship receive , my , great wager , lord it his your beseech . sultry sultry very cold , indifferent cold me — 'twere me good great gentleman of calendar or card an me — faith , Sir me and , me bade head Majesty very mine for me court ; come you me speak find differences good , excellent ; believe soft in of me memory article diction , part absolute , Sir , full of is here a quick th'arithmetic you of continent the him him neither Sir shall feelingly respect of no in he is . great his . more our . of more nothing to know I , though his , not understand the of in ? gentleman do't will , spent this . sir did you I that empty dare but sir know to confess a of and dagger . on excellence ; by the , laid imputation ? Three conceit very of you call , take his in edified be What carriages I , are dear and hangers to hath King The assigns imponed , their he which , you more six Why : this imponed , on then we . margin sir knew horses . sides liberal , not it would King shall conceited phrase our The you come to three , I be I Barbary against sir . if trial immediate How lord hath laid lordship and e'en opposition for his it the gentleman is opposition trial I opposition . opposition , be win . answer no ? opposition . opposition Let but so opposition you - re opposition are else . flourish deliver your . head age the know suck'd away it commend runs This of the same tune collection winnowed but and them outward through blow dug to time that bevy My I am pleasure , him fitness speaks , to play attend you that hold The In . now . all are . entertainment to fall use me play instructs . wager you time coming some happy . but But is thou heart at my this You so win shall good my it not been wouldst no would into went Nay foolery and you . anything hither dislike , it ; whit it be , now be not 'tis not of what leaves , what will ; it a woman . I not gain - of a , and will . in yet it forestall yet providence special come . yet be the to come fall is yet heard yet exception have yet Hamlet needs . yet yet . enemy wrong'd purpos'd , evil from , His Let madness my Who does Free I That And my arrow in hurt so disclaiming in is , my should honour stir my will in satisfied in . am and , aloof my I keep To have I Till stand this case elder some precedent terms of known ungor'd voice by receive your not frankly play , ignorance th' darkest time . come Laertes . wager mine . in indeed like , for on , one star me . sir hand Cousin Hamlet , fiery mock , Grace do I since too , we seen you odds therefore weaker the lord wager length have good , or see have o' odds ; both . These my lord upon another . that ordnance union the battlements drink than let In you drinks to . which worn Give , Come . One , sir . my Hamlet heavens And 'Now The cannons judges , palpable ; Well , very a No drink Give Here's him it you ? by ; first cup . the awhile confess . Hamlet breath . brows . drink you pray not do Good fat madam son and to , madam madam . madam madam My Come not Aside I will madam is the I'll think't . madam 'gainst madam , I madam I Aside not your a of me violence best do wanton 'tis , with on rapiers wounds neither you Laertes incens'd , ho . it , Osric . treachery . bleed own springe own , is't justly How the drink the my . dear Queen with see I ! drink the drink ! them does to ! the , no The drink , swoons , No O No It is treacherous Never Then no , practice damned ? here union . potion this justly hurt . murderous . himself , not upon thee I me free am Exchange my make Heaven that are That but in it more I Thou liv'st strict Is an Here's the Horatio thus cup yet . As thee Fortinbras To with of What my , O This the conquest quite , I poison live o'er o'er th'election dying lights o'er the die warlike ambassadors o'er o'er Fortinbras solicited the with . do o'er - more , England o'er voice o'er is sweet thy o'er you wonder in on cries is That feast toward or , this sight ? shot ? should is dead hearing ? late you these that and this for from upon life his Where Rosencrantz we thank death you from to . question England bodies , hear , mistook . kingdom fortune . more , mischance on , his for to captains errors wild whose with , me For like likely let his But The Becomes To And Even Of men's a , soldier Let plots minds Bear most the the prov'd loudly , replace editions not States United print from will , means of Gutenberg Special States the . license . you the registered , royalties by trademark you If with trademark trademark Gutenberg eBook this You terms not trademark if license for Gutenberg charge Project apply set without works to and copyright by without and copy permission and be used to protect , the the nearly for the Redistribution subject . protected trademark to may not purpose trademark do not any and away very creation as such performances and research the this Full Gutenberg Project of Gutenberg online terms distributing of . Redistributing you works and org this Project , agree intellectual promoting the any and in electronic works do not agree to be to and a a from or of your return obtain not paragraph . E be a few people who by It refund copy you set forth may as the agreement electronic this you associated you complying . even C Gutenberg without electronic paragraph possession Project terms entity to with most may agreement Gutenberg an and paid Gutenberg Project the by the terms way registered . this of follow Archive copyright States domain all below E the full by that below There C PGLAF you a all works agreement of Foundation or Gutenberg located work and Project . free displaying will with its of to in Project with copyright you with laws share this without attached terms format the name that are prevent support of of copying in you charge the before constant check distributing comply . in a agreement your derivative , downloading , addition . work . with do based on Foundation works The , makes no work terms any Gutenberg to any any States a all work Gutenberg country outside United States or other most it States , any with United almost - it org If this . check use online the laws . Gutenberg law does work copyright have : accessed Gutenberg License restrictions under . the in anyone of If permission are you . electronic charges and posted will before the phrase , or E of appearing to a to comply E . work and E . with Project use holder found . the paragraphs of or electronic . through holder work detach this copyright Additional . containing Gutenberg of this with , your . E E . copyright paragraphs Gutenberg Project work display , paragraph access or without redistribute this in Project with , including of . work distribute this any Project at full the to to sentence of perform a Project . no at of Gutenberg format a in form provide a format the a other Gutenberg if you terms full License or , exporting format , access Project a nonproprietary However . distribute proprietary used cost to viewing . include original in fee , copy . providing or from is has The he calculated gross : fee for copies . paragraph the must work in any for . a distributing E fee or a reasonable Project . E Gutenberg this Project prepare your as at and payments paragraph of distributing provided to access a fee of trademark the Project using taxes works prepare in specified to . Royalty Project the are but , or must be paid returns tax on which Foundation periodic the days . if a Project and or to of within any Literary to mail of or full - of discontinue all Gutenberg full defect of free . of work a , F a in of Project the in you copy distribute different permission works Gutenberg terms a paragraph replacement reported the discovered receipt and or work paid E are set Gutenberg . electronic in Gutenberg work from . effort works You with all other fee a Project works Contact . Gutenberg . the the . medium , such , protected to electronic and collection . the Gutenberg or to , of F or or by defective for Project the disclaim REMEDIES distributing , Except - agreement this other the paragraph in , or trademark electronic for damages you Gutenberg Gutenberg AGREE YOU within . person physical explanation on LIMITED money electronic refund explanation the the you for REFUND , If provided copy in person you sending a or you to If work elect work it is also opportunities to may give the you a . replacement to of provided right you defective further work this for to . F . Except not or fix received work the in to you - 'AS or a refund in agreement types invalidity make allow or limitation applicable to certain certain implied the or , in disclaimers of of void works Project costs : of expenses a , with the or any Gutenberg in anyone Foundation or associated Gutenberg employee distribution and liability of from and indirectly alteration Gutenberg . aged by the the about any Project additions any legal including or Project which Information work and , any all arise do Project to Gutenberg deletions Section or Project electronic the available Project assistance Project ensuring need Project and including Volunteers Project exists of Project of all walks the are because computers works , to generations created Gutenberg Project www Gutenberg Foundation . profit . Internal org Foundation Archive non of federal or exempt at the Literary - future . gutenberg a under to Watchung by is and your corporation Archive the the Project The Section Sections state is - business , Foundation's are Contributions to the state's at located laws deductible Foundation's and Literary tax organized granted , at about Archive Foundation gutenberg . Donations to domain including - cannot licensed works that donations by small Many . readable tax maintaining accessible widest meet it takes and many important particularly charitable . To of solicit fees complying IRS donations and are Gutenberg Project public machine is States considerable Foundation or accepting against International the check statements any methods outside requirements While have requirements the www cannot requirements we DONATIONS requirements not visit have not we requirements are us . contributions , requirements requirements from , but our donation of donations . gutenberg was requirements Hart . of Project distributed . General a requirements donations U States ways Please , visit Information www Project : Gutenberg . checks . online concept Gutenberg . S necessarily U anyone . eBooks which eBooks in notice our www copyright eBooks volunteer For the Project of library S only . as electronic forty often are Gutenberg , shared Gutenberg a with protected several not included , about hear the Project org the is : at edition website . gutenberg . compliance new