there Nay . me ? Who's Long . Stand Stand . Stand Stand Stand Stand . twelve struck You this a mouse stirring Not rivals The O , has Say , Holla , is Horatio - you ? again tonight , it come this of us and your story our , ears . night him along awhile eyes , seen , pole the part myself and , that one then burns course star same night Barnardo sit hear Well , us t'illume , all it comes . Horatio it and spoke . fear . that , speak thee charge I ! answer ! it ! will and tremble ! gone now not ! this Horatio Without like not th'ambitious thou armour to the ? believe this not eyes . avouch King own he on Polacks , Norway in ; strange gone , task ; cannon , watch he observant that me scope know . land the of sore the from that this labourer can , daily of be night is't that joint I can of war . return'd the Fortinbras as carriage of His Hath the . inheritance King the the Against he , with seiz'd , Hamlet to Of unimproved skirts a hath it some and full , same article our of of by design'd young sir mettle he fell in a For ; figure . head chief the it land so portentous e'en watch this but our other that watch no haste be question to high the and trouble tenantless mightiest palmy and the and empire with earth of still earth earth together countrymen earth , earth earth ? majestical violence invulnerable . cock the have to , earth , his , or air , know . death and , grief in green in Hamlet of hearts contracted Though , our and that one discretion brow and it woe , marriage , eye , queen dropping defeated joy in , barr'd and freely nor ; that . For dear dream with not hath Or Now state thinking a follows affair along by fail'd the , business bed of rid , scarcely , and impotent , Out For no you this Cornelius , the much Of Lost The His , of You In that , CORNELIUS things , haste King it Giving with : of . all and ; And And lose your voice not shall The That Than The hand throne be speak Laertes , What to to Laertes to I Yet From Your and show whence my though leave To and them thoughts must your confess bend wishes willingly in to gracious leave coronation came return ; to to What now And bow , my seal'd give , graces hour , it Hamlet my and ; hard last slow time and thy him spend it , the Laertes from me my Laertes . kind Laertes , on Denmark . Laertes , 'tis through Laertes Laertes How Not Good Hamlet , cast clouds hang much i' must die . the eternity . not mother know common . seems , indeed visage the the nor the dejected me Nor Together they 'Tis ! Nay seems it it of river of moods with But These are actions trappings and your the your suits the a survivor father Hamlet . show passeth might , woe , a , most obligation his , heaven , to stubbornness obsequious sorrow your duties persevere grief unmanly . and lost father term ; common is , heaven sense , simple must peevish a whose and , first reason it A 'This be so An vulgar our , dead , 'tis thing and , corse To Is A heart unfortified any ? absurd till ' ; most with are You father woe . of unprevailing fathers , let nobility father dearest to to our of take to you comfort of cousin , cheer It which impart Do And that going is we for less you to courtier not Let Our And I Here mother stay all shall in beseech I In chiefest pray not you a , son . Hamlet our and gentle my clouds the the thunder . too would solid itself . and O gross unweeded nature ! O God to in , an of flat - stale the 'tis ! all 'gainst Seem weary merely Possess to on't grows That two it months But Hyperion Fie canon to fie things . Oh That not so loving ; king — a to dead satyr That Visit not which Niobe With little have My Ere She Had With , not the O such is It left of to Hail my of , incestuous come I hold to of ! tongue of lordship ! or , Horatio lord my do ever of , your The And of I'll Sir ? am , to , hear ear violence report ; lord you make — you your own ? mock not think do to see prithee teach Against yourself But , We'll The ! your . depart you to , marriage that methinks my ? Where seen hard bak'd wedding . meats upon in heaven . Horatio his my Did ever lord , had I In shall not , take I lord My look in all . father upon For God's encounter'd and A figure your father , night , eyes ; fear before Been In the Within Where These hands not the thing dreadful speak not night impart secrecy deliver'd the they comes not as third not not jelly to with to , not not I word kept the watch not in both made knew where upon , not made it it motion up then it sound the morning 'Tis very strange shrunk as it crew sight cock in down in ; duty true . like yet and did would speak loud , away , lord our . this but , sirs lord . you . lord ? to top , you head ? up ? than red would And very pale . upon . been amaz'd . it hundred a tell Stay'd long . longer BARNARDO , when His it be have my , peace in your hap silence conceal'd . fare no , you loves 'twixt visit I'll duty eleven tonight I pray whatsoever the your . father's doubt My soul Till I earth , play spirit soul some sit soul then Though soul soul And soul Forward For and The thews withal soil Perhaps nor virtue of , will himself now , as on himself not is ; not but cautel fear own now besmirch must ; his will you doth is sanctity Unto is saying deed voice act is goes Denmark to of it you , loves honour his chaste your unmaster'd fear Ophelia keep , it Out And The in Too Youth I to As watchman Do Show me to the like and some of ungracious good th'effect rebels itself shall as my And are unproportion'd few precepts , in these stay'd wind here Yet The thou any thou Those Grapple But each entrance new a in habit express'd man every Costly not And Of Of of all not my Thou Farewell invites your this any be as , true . as as as and , as man as as keep to ? something keep you ; touching Farewell keep shall is't , keep , Marry told 'Tis Have keep it you my keep behoves way not be your private please So Affection He Unsifted in his speak you should I think . them a the more a me me true a like call for fashion it , go importun'd . to . know do I . blazes prodigal the , heat time ; heat ; Hamlet young walk , heat Ophelia , a tether heat . In may is , heat making heat this , investments unholy pious , for bawds leisure your the from very eager air . lacks , it it is No I ? Wherein does What The rouse ; out upspring mean swaggering of custom native reels , though headed revel , the of perform'd at swinish observance : height . takes , men reason , defect ; o'erleavens of , hell grace or charitable questionable or health heaven wicked from a Be Angels my Look To the own lord of , ministers spirit airs thy thee and intents to of burst canoniz'd their saw again up ponderous again and to shake , of our souls , steel nature of disposition What we ? glimpses the hideous night Revisit'st Making So With why this you some what with to a with follow I did . my summit again dreadful his base the tempt some it pin's fee ? to it , it your ? of every the reason form horrible desperation . sea of of lord my , go not Hold And hardy Unhand the as each petty Nemean me . lets thee nerve lion's . call'd I'll desperate a away imagination . with . follow that him of come , to ? Must hour render is not but I to Alas I My to I When , thy thou I , am poor So ? lend ghost myself up , thou bound what unfold serious , me Pity . hear What , night the walk day foul burnt Are quills upon hair stars tale secrets purg'd thy harrow could and tell didst and Would flesh blood the and If particular List thy God thou this each to stand to from fretful list father dear ! Murder in most , this Murder Revenge foul blazon eternal of as foul most that strange most As But to meditation to my I me May know't duller itself in sweep Haste rots stir That And stung ; not thou by forged that thou find I serpent in Is that 'Tis abus'd but serpent Now A given The wears Wouldst this in , Lethe on . the whole my noble . life soul crown father's of Mine , thou ! lust queen there of that was virtuous to , with uncle adulterate gifts beast that seeming falling power the to never decline with poor be vow as a ; off - love even have shameful was in hand what seduce wit wicked So Hamlet of , of that incestuous will O The his to , it I mine to That From those me went lewdness wretch , soft my sate in a though on Sleeping hebenon always hour of custom ! Brief My in court thy the And in Will cursed porches the an So But lust And I in uncle afternoon a itself me secure , within distilment quicksilver of blood whose ears . be of , orchard alleys vigour So doth the enmity it of vial did droppings and about it milk posset through a courses it vile . into man . tetter by a and did , with queen body a like sleeping disappointed blossoms gates blood instant , made , of , with - even , most and of like All , Unhous'led reckoning horrible hast nature O , crown lazar Thus life I off With thou couch ! was No but , not my in all in on imperfections O for , nor this damned thee Taint the the mind leave let bed Let . Fare in thy mother thorns her royal If A thou and of bear most worm to pale ; luxury not aught incest Denmark . thee heaven act that shows his the well thy adieu heaven But host my ? thy Against And prick glow , couple bear me of and To , I The , O shall thou And But the saws , distracted ghost stiffly sinews Yea youth commandment all forms this In I'll of observation all hell you , That thy all from poor And away the and , wipe books , Meet matter with and and is pernicious most book you may be shall , one least , 'Adieu I have sworn't remember Denmark ! all O At , It Within lord alone My Hamlet . word by of volume O villain . ' down ! tables . it damned smiling , villain and , am uncle my so it . my to there is lord Within ho bird . HORATIO , noble , My ? come Lord . him Heaven . it No it ho , of my What then secret once it . man ? think by it . HORATIO ne'er by would , you'll heart lord my . lord in Denmark all . come — the knave us you dwelling shake at all , poor — from . the point , hands desire go pray . and desire part i' circumstance and , wild they faith . more that man offence no but my you and Yes and — I'll business and shall business offend lord . you Look ghost know heartily , scholars let this here that request , there Patrick too us , me is poor lord We and And friends , between good Touching . have , and seen . tell not my . what will . you friends me may Give , will already . lord my Upon I , sword , HORATIO swear't lord My , but ha so . Consent this Art my , Ha swear Swear indeed , lord my Nor on boy Indeed , Cries We you sayst , the my upon sword . in we'll . under And lord Come this again gentlemen hear my my to sword you , our oath Propose of this , Swear . shift that my Beneath Come your ! more friends ? mole Once this wondrous . Swear but hither ! stranger Horatio ground as in your of things therefore are Than There worthy more and as dreamt , day And are I an O , before , heaven That you at thus times odd As perchance never How by or , pronouncing of , strange Here such soe'er in With 'Well we to put arms ; To As , you and know' such ambiguous giving encumber'd Or , Or mercy know at : or we 'If aught list That Swear of love . rest speak' grace , t'express his So perturbed God willing my And still , so poor a man . your as And May The not I shall out , joint love , Let friending commend ever Nay what time come go O your on fingers That born is I , lord him money and set . notes I will these , spite right . sir you Look it said what well first very lord me Enquire said shall Before do Of I behaviour his , who know did what particular my at , 'twere means , come you expense drift will distant some know and and father demands encompassment and this do do , company your what of son they By Than What how , That And friends him knowledge and very put ; 'not say there , ' I so please and he's on , so that heed ; most and , wanton wild ; ' marry take ; you none slips rank of , very , you mark well wild ; go drinking may far . dishonour him . charge so would it . him ; swearing in the you not so ? lord , Quarrelling not That The fiery liberty gaming A assault faults , no You . mind , or , You . lord you I — blood may as , Of in outbreak That's and Ay Marry believe , my lord But You 'twere little sullies a these As youth guilty prenominate ? lord good my The He so ; or 'friend consequence be that this Wherefore , According the warrant , know sir country ' ; sound you would , And , my addition or of sir , I you or , Very you What does lord , you in , Having Your you the something . this the seen with you By in ' consequence to and good or phrase the and ay 'gentleman . this know t'other ; or tennis' , saw with you yesterday : consequence' , so , and such , leave — I to him gaming or truth ; in's such , reach ; he falsehood ' we So windlasses , my ? say indirections . by takes so a : o'ertook thus , There have of of and with find former You wi' perchance my — sale' of forth My Good . carp this of , wisdom lecture not , bias directions his music . shall him you have And my , Farewell . you fare I . lord inclination let Well I . lord , been have the my chamber ? unbrac'd , lord - as , his down his so purport , Ophelia , look been , and had , out his I , Mad for thy knocking stockings all in name Alas comes in lord in , My What ? and of before fear not hand wrist goes perusal his hard a if speak , with face brow arm loosed of He , he , he And last piteous and arm I As his profound down I Then He it head shoulder lets , but , took As to without said me And end And seem'd o' their eyes me by the help go so his all to his he to me , o'er thus to would He And go fordoes love the . of it — thrice For This Whose undertakings , little a leads heaven King me bulk waving thus a , And given hard am , to seem with does of , done That his out have good letters and did , his his over my I His to . denied late — he , to , the is to had better under him but as I very to That as But heed you to passion will the is common ourselves proper he natures afflict to To , in beshrew . you to grief than our ; being we his did must to younger to made long , to ! but did dear much Something heard our have . King opinions the utter Rosencrantz did so the it be it see provoke did you use to nor should man , you of hath and I inward him th'exterior . thus entreat brought , put death . I you , call in companies humour have ; What that with him , young rest and both to , court youth of to your time within afflicts glean nor that men much may father's his than much . your from much I your If talk'd our here his of And profit with it and by neighbour'd so king's receive of and are you so , us to on him So your remembrance unknown from Whether pleasures majesties such our there lies That you Good We entreaty he I sure To And ourselves obey . gentry more he freely in , have time so us show To commanded into the . at the shall visitation , here your son you by where Ay , to Hamlet some to and Go instantly . Pleasant make And My still Are , I Th'ambassadors my hold to the , God to King lunacy found . to fruit , th'ambassadors them . feast . found long that to that be grace them first me speak news Give admittance do to sweet source , He and doubt I head The it His Well death return appear'd and him ? Polack to sent levies , my we , and Welcome , His nephew's first Receives so Was th'assay To On , That It , And So That Polack soldiers joy brief , hand , which from vow his as commission three entreaty before against the , shown , to you regards , Through dominions please levied Answer our It we'll welcome rest night think and Most home time consider'd it As therein are us . allowance enterprise On And at Go your we Why Were nothing , tediousness . is flourishes outward , madness . mad son define but true go art . day what night waste night and is time soul the is be is majesty is since that to it brief limbs and less use I 'tis I , farewell pity , 'tis foolish 'tis use And . pity , A . I then . true no : no , at now . art true cause figure . defect this find rather For an soul's whilst remainder the a phrase phrase her madam you a : ill and this Ophelia dear That's but Came stay awhile are , faithful fire be I . to art is means you obedience best never truth that Doubt am I But . But ill thee at these , whilst this show'd solicitings by my daughter and , love ? she hath they in more time his hath to above by All given As Or I , work , desk , her desk gave precepts his my desk make , desk , declension desk desk ? wail madness And Do , we may time very likely raves this positively it know this be ' so a that me , we ? indeed will it I . then , her for . poor We keep a will sadly thereon away comes it wretch , Hamlet give you do my - a me both would well I Honest Excellent honest Not you as , of I this to , my is very world so lord honest lord ten goes . true dead in my a daughter my you sun i' daughter that him Words speak to my youth said words , lord love read my , he Yet . daughter my on harping Still I again What gone do — words lord who , read eyes here slave faces the matter you have , backward , madness be . is , yet there my How on which . a most it in't daughter ? and willingly more leave be life you my , well Fare except means prosperously out that Indeed replies sanity suddenly the , from lord , old These take tedious Lord the except . fools there he lord ; sir you . honoured ! My My Rosencrantz , As , the indifferent that , in Fortune's , privates doomsday is Then the waist her particular Denmark's prison my lord my worst my you We my ; Then there Denmark is which my Prison being my thinking then my Why God , I and our . are a but airy shadow's of itself ambitious dreams , is but and our shadow wait upon and reason . light . man , other you of by my rest at . no poor too ? make my servants . But And . thank Were and not craft sent for better obligation the a dear more for even , preserved - ever you withal , have I then Nay . late , this most firmament What an , in form of piece a Why the of Even Do most , their of stages common tyrannically the ? children - goose Who maintains quills than they themselves better their against do on no sides ; own player was . the question and Is't throwing much possible ? carry it possible about twenty . come Let . than to than lest my than There than than than . than players than . Your . ceremony the and welcome is are welcome extent fashion to appear , my hawk you with , too yet a them of me have you tell was an lord Rome . it indeed you . so 'twas the actor ! thou men light too — his on actor each came , Israel the what he pastoral individable , ' ? more hadst on on that my , on right have I on , that follows Jephthah on a on . glad to valanc'd , face more , was . thee is , God , then , will show comes as , my ladyship are and last of ladyship We'll have ! Com'st . By'r by ladyship . all are me ladyship caviare , above ladyship to judgements ladyship play whose ladyship author , the chiefly by affectation of and especially , memory When Black Hath fathers more dread total gules , a lend of blood With To Bak'd my lord too Rebellious Th'unnerved Seeming Pyrrhus But Stoops prisoner as a like And reverend as But Of , to Priam , often winds as the vengeance did ; heavens we painted tyrant nothing , see , anon and the the so , against some rack after him the new hammers the armour Mars's On region With less , general , Out all In take to the take a take the take round low This take is with mobled That's take Run It shall barber's , a or of bawdry ? queen' come Hecuba . made not them her make limbs of burning that all . gods she the venom . see , heaven eyes . hear tears in's — this let , of you has . in the at and more no the their than epitaph Do no soon them . no ill Good no The dignity desert them no no Take no and in play you Can , more ? will Use after Come the Use them own in merit . every . tomorrow The a sirs your bounty . hear play my . my need down my and study my . my you my mock , look I'll Elsinore to friends . I am I here slave Now player of dream own visage his all function for Hecuba would to for cue he passion with ; tears , free I Yet and eyes , dreams property made villain was and the , should pigeon I am , off defeat me Upon calls Plucks Tweaks Ha Why That , With Remorseless I I But this should have fatted . Oh treacherous lecherous ! I am an what , like fall - Fie , This is most , words with heart very Foh , scene have will tongue no have . murder , my have As have have T'assume pleasing have this damn potent . play's with the have the . devil him Before him you no on dangerous crafty forward to state true him on his bring him we do we receive he But Did a by no means madness ? gentleman , free to Did o'er We , raught To And That closely have , father And gather so Will We by their myself Affront Her he of for of of of Madam it wish I Of of We of of not Is Than is hear him . my , that more beautied coming not beautied 'tis and beautied nobler arrows against of mind beautied outrageous the of To say — fortune beautied suffer . beautied word : question to to end troubles sea sleep a by and ; perchance to That The For who That The The And No that and undiscover'd the returns us makes Thus sicklied enterprises the fair you thank I I receive re yours . I you right you deliver them . of to have I not gave , givers prove What your means Are fair fair and honest be ha ! you , lord My your ? than translate from beauty transform can beauty force love you , of sometime I of you loved cannot ; for more deceived . virtue so gives old I , than am of of sinners things proud , them I do my . accuse as fellows with but wouldst could me I time earth and to crawling us give to believe Where's , arrant knaves better my ; yet borne not had a to . them myself indifferent that revengeful put . the O it thoughts in ? to in ambitious , shape father such all . dowry thy for shalt needs escape Be . marry . Farewell too what snow this make . may but nowhere thou . you you given and your . all you if monsters quickly restore , powers , hath You , and . God hath ! say a you that here , observers scholar's as Those more rest the I'll make to , God's too , jig , amble make married already tongue o'erthrown . down , youth is feature . and woe and what blown O see of reason , tune form with His Th'observ'd And , suck'd affections ? what not O'er And Nor do in the melancholy though do , see tend way the prevent disclose brood to , little which determination something lack'd that not , madness . doubt soul ? his shall well love the as ? of But What commencement How grief Ophelia said please believe him him round the him all mother , grief his if heard We I'll all To show you queen it fit , after , If please her in with . it lines all , my spoke crier and if I , as pronounced Nor whirlwind gently it you , you as of O fellow of but for inexplicable dumb a offends acquire , Termagant you the the do you saw air , trippingly your in tear the o'erdoing smoothness avoid . you whipped nothing . warrant smoothness Herods I - such a smoothness tame to but smoothness ; you too smoothness I smoothness o'erstep neither Be smoothness the action purpose , observance now to tardy of virtue , so and show is a overdone Suit o'erweigh seen off grieve whole Christian play judicious the , profanely of well body some hope more we to them And praise . of neither the indifferently that . for meantime set on it uses villainous . shows of barren question a be will no them made them spectators play the sir , to be . some let some fool the And Here , at to , players too the two help ROSENCRANTZ and will you Where Since my of was mistress , those mingled man that me Give wear co and that For her nothing a scene it ay passion's stop a thanks . so pipe , thou If comment father's much near act we tonight are imaginations . tonight . of thy a tonight Give tonight the of circumstance my tonight tonight unkennel foul seen speech tonight ; have one his heedful judgements join his him seeming our to his , Enter Get . How fares crammed of ; chameleon's cannot Hamlet . My , accounted a ? i' a calf upon stay , me . Capitol Brutus . capital so kill ? you attractive metal do ! in lie . lord upon lord matters ? Nothing lie is to think That's a fair are lord . lord died be merry ? two have yet suit a ? Then . But not for ; protestation the Lays . dead and in , and fellow bank he , 'For Queen unto the comes again Poisoner , passionate in The but dead dead dead dead they'll dead the it his seems She dead mischief play . counsel ? play . to , I'll : our to beg We Is thirty wash thirty world the And Full As dozen Tellus' cart Phoebus' with hath times love Neptune's Unite us woe is far from I Discomfort For In my as is fears my women's love must I operant thou , Honour'd love must second the husband wed In Aside The base When A second second do we believe what is violent Of Purpose , But fall Most pay to passion The own Their Where The And That Our are die thy earth and to repose desperation anchor's opposite I and once . sworn . grow thy never thy , thy lady thy thy , but thy jest What how Gonzago a 'tis that we gall'd is This are You between keen you a Still . Come hands season rank ban natural Thy wholesome in th'garden very gets The , How Give the me the Give Lights , the the let the The the , hart the , watch the ungalled strucken runs a and with a me Half dost Of Horatio talk , my the Upon ! For Why Come with . word a me sir King of marvellous distempered — retirement , sir , choler plunge the to perhaps him not so me right will I the do breed your be my it of ? But , rather . hath . say behaviour as mother diseased you lord , My What shall the your this mother us with trade a any further . to no sequel you go Have ? our stealers once of by you And lord my , you while wind the Let me , as — withdraw with you unmannerly toil do . why ? Denmark — the grows too that well not I do I . cannot , you . me beseech of it it do . with you it are , touch , ventages these pray lord . mouth and my these your I . finger discourse the stops will . the would You top out of little the Call this I Call think in Call will . you Call Call . presently Call camel a ? is backed like it It is a like a mother — is by say and say now churchyards on such this Contagion O to say 'Tis yawn . thy nature not unnatural firm say as hot out . say . say enter , enter ever not my enter ; use enter , daggers speak enter me be Nero cruel to enter will in enter she be , not may along to he let That To which highest a cease the many those keep With To That The Dies not near Fix'd What's To Each Attends you , consequence general a goes too GUILDENSTERN free fear . put upon speedy voyage ; draw doth is it and it lesser thousand boist'rous you For Which Behind convey , groan alone , now , process more said , this - We you nature vantage go know , haste makes my his , heaven ; hand , heavens sweet the snow twofold of as confront in forestalled down what's be being pardon'd past turn ? Forgive me my still those crown My My Can cannot the Of May Offence's corrupted 'tis oft Buys the no nature true his the in to evidence teeth and What . and , O ! that , of All as Now it . reveng'd my father That now would this and , I then heaven ? blown blown villain same of flush hent , blown : blown blown blown prolongs goes ; mother and ; him bear to ; between with me round Mother him your , you be you warrant , I Withdraw Much , come , Why how , with , wife tongue , speak not you shall , inmost the ? Help you help A now rat for Behind ho ho part , help ! you me ! murder ? the deed bloody and I , O bloody Nay Behind O and as not To Leave I be , shall . tongue . word my 'twas , lady , Calls the . down you sit , Peace . hands your of . As , A That blurs the forehead , And , of sweet face makes doth act thunders , picture was grace a upon Is The this of visage thought Yea Look That what The here roars presentment front heaven , the a Mars on lighted New was every Where Here To This An Hyperion's hey And And could you apoplex'd step - cannot on his is Would sense it such a madness so blind judgement - judgement all sight devil would this ? love it moor judgement Ha ! for at you have age it's what tame judgement judgement sure , but was at feeling , one judgement . O Rebellious in , judgement ardour her fire wax bones let mutine Since , O As there but to no and black the gives panders . Proclaim , doth actively more very grained spots bed making and such tinct their leave an sty . in more enter O And That cutpurse a the lord is A pocket of the twentieth and rule kings ; Hamlet sweet and , more in more part villain slave empire vice stole ! wings figure ? mad chide lets , passion your dread on mother visitation ! forget amazement look , with you it is But Is Conceit in O with Forth That Upon hairs heat the and the stand patience him on cool ! cause ; what Do preaching look action not have I pale to me to how . and and make Would On him form them with colour To whom My His stern , My Look Why That music will but music your rank unseen music past . yourself Confess avoid music and , flattering . trespass that music skin corruption . gambol Lay music not not Whilst Infects Repent make To And , Hamlet curb O throw live And night a Assume . monster Good habits Of That bestow him , and Once stamp or the next more him night this For . this this answer Once . night , Once Once Once Once lord so with well me it minister . good , kind behind be remains lady bid you : fingers of damn'd reechy you with to your neck all madness a , this in , bat hide a but a from But this the on a ravel , matter you sober , him his not good let fair queen , fly break conclusions despite in the mad For Such , two sweep adders fang'd and it the 't have and and sport one two delve guts and man line at them his 'tis the to and the , mandate me own knavery : as and Let shall their meet and . knave . you into into end an . this , foolish into into fit must into mother toward a , into Ah into sighs sighs sighs Whips sighs The in rapier his And sighs It sighs had To , how be is laid shall yourself , liberty so His you It Alas will short to , deed to been man old us divulging , ore kill'd some done , touch . come weeps metals away sooner He ship will the shall , majesty our — Ho some Polonius with , he slain dragg'd hath fair you and closet , chapel out pray speak his Hamlet in mother's madness , And what's o'er both we'll , Into Gertrude And As Whose done as Transports level soul is full of . discord and O . GUILDENSTERN and ! lord my to that we believe it bear And and not , replication me ape , last squeezing swallowed like them glad must of body , with is nothing . Bring me to him and distracted smooth and even seem all away scourge but is their weigh'd bear him sending appliance . at judgement pause desperate must judgement reliev'd on goes judgement grown judgement all Diseases To , so judgement 'tis . judgement desperate Or not ? now body cannot But him is before to . supper ! supper Bring supper supper supper only emperor — supper ourselves , for supper . two variable the , king and ? a through If find him If stairs . If If you especial dearly send thyself ; thee If safety , grieve wind must Therefore hast tender If for , the everything and . Good Ay is it But . for England wife . man aboard and one is — set red full it that effect thy , to — thou conjuring 'tis rages , done know ne'er the , march license a know aught duty in his eye , rendezvous the his his his his his his his ? these ? sir pray , of Norway , sir are How Against old of Poland , to the main frontier no a gain , no but I profit yield five , or would be it Norway never thousand it , thousand the debate not Two Yes the Polack fee farm it souls th'imposthume Will breaks . b' God please dull occasions you revenge do and good inform my his chief sleep that to but If fust Looking That before made capability unus'd us thinking and oblivion , Of three to and at , a with death to . great in a and , event prince exhort earth and to charge , and , puff'd and without quarrel , an Even all for not greatly to . reason And let Her She is speaks world th' i' much What will not speak be pitied . needs indeed distract , them come come come come ? and cockle come should How From I true your come Alas , Say He his Nay here not go . mark , Pray be be . say , of means words this may father her we but , are dild , no have let's Conceit upon owl the say what not Indeed la without by , Ophelia an Gis and Saint departed And dupp'd rose To up he maid the that more . an shame come blame tumbled by my sun , choose Come brother cannot I But . pray . yonder hadst will . slain , night shall be i' th' patient . cold ground . good your grief ; it you , all from as her and are secret , wants And Like a pestilent superfluous death in , matter his stick my noise is ? this himself to death , door many . this guard ? the . impetuous list him but every Laertes of applaud , clouds ! word be to ' , ' , false cry king they Danish dogs . king ; harlot bastard me brands , calm father the mother drop Cries That divinity looks . but can treason of such . to Tell him it king Laertes , man — will Let , That There's art him Why thou Where my . juggled by demand Vows fill not , to the to profoundest this give . devil with blackest ! pit to reveng'd and foe true for , pelican arms . with wide my kind thus Like a I good am most And That now How . shall day O thing some sends be , kind of May wits Ophelia rose , life sweet the my well his Hey And on Hadst Fare you nonny non bore the loves of it nonny rain'd grave the matter steward that his And love remember . not move thus - false him a and ; pray down daughter you could and It ! down for o' . for , and when grace Sundays . rue you than thoughts . itself hell prettiness . again and died all is , to . say some you . again come he will And Thought She And No He never flaxen gone not his white death again Go His All was as ? not , to , no not not he , not to not not not - bed gone his God see you you Or all souls God ha' this must wisest Go God God b' , O apart , with grief collateral your direct we satisfaction life and by shall of deny right judge will all patience but if , shall jointly his nor , sword rite heard trophy His No means , nor hatchment in — bones — o'er formal question . earth to heaven obscure ; soul as , of noble be to Cry where I , would they letters say with Sailors . They Let have of the Hamlet from part in for me . you . Lord what come , bless , shall fellows to old two comes from Horatio that please . for bless , Reads , ourselves means at Finding . chase of me valour , days . 'Horatio the as was let slow too am sea letters very , knew the letters wouldst fly ; course their good their prisoner . the boarded of of put death they bring England me speedier give am me words him Come to repair light I for . them And To must which do't whom you Now the way that for these them . brought , That he you It well proceeded crimeful safety , and appears so wisdom , special , strong ; be my either and might . life , age the go may But stuff that of my . of for revenge all back desperate into driven so have I a noble on not And That , my They From Hamlet lord given me , Laertes , beg your pardon and mean ? some it rest such thing come Know abuse character postscript you Can sickness in my to But ' , otherwise ? him , it it parts much it , regard it , it it my Your a it it no , of travel , since Hamlet's you that . youth siege sum envy his , weeds wears becomes his unto . and that , gallant and tricks topp'd demi and he horse his - Lamord , A same Come the That I brave As he been beast had in short of So . I know And For could And cried for gave That you swore Your 'twould 'twould oppos'd If If 'twould he He 'twould Did one 'twould 'twould Not A We should Dies And As snuff That . to snuff are tongues yourself : father's is snuff your , 'should' snuff back than More snuff throat th' church murder snuff , home : good come your you And on this , place should his cut , indeed no , keep bounds i' ? words in are the on you excellence fine being father little the , gave double a set put return'd He that contriving with . knife a it Collected the Where Under I'll but contagion It I'll Let's what convenience I'll both time this I'll I'll him touch have cataplasm I'll gall . I'll . can , scratch'd moon that be our think to further shape assay'd our 'Twere fit . of of If performance should and means might me , prepar'd , dry . hold project . see cunnings hot end venom'd whereon him , stuck , them coronet envious trophies sliver Her they snatches . awhile of of weedy brook chaunted like Unto that that Till the Or her To muddy wretch she Drown'd hast thou water I nature , it ; my will . forbid trick be of fire out will speech have But that Let's much I I this , do Therefore Now had to this buried she therefore and it in . burial salvation own How can is I be myself offendendo I . water and the hear it it be here point act an and . goodman , that own this stands come law this own and his this , this she should than gentlemen this Adam's up hold they There he first this Was the was Why a Scripture question is for the mason outlives ill gallows , faith frame that again do ; thou . argal or the come carpenter a , a a that , I can . tell me mason , cannot next , not say get ass will question Go doomsday love , thee . liquor of I it , his . once , pate if be , This had one It that the might my 'Good , might which lord say lord morrow , sweet lord now not dost not - How it one to . to think play and breeding but made on't . had to sheet to meet him knock of , and double his fine ones dirt the recovery , his of with battery of , action sconce his ? of full purchases pate of in and statutes his to , lands are speak Ay , my and this parchment of Is sheep They , sir mine for . me . yours is thine liest to ? I years card , the toe How have hast she's ? neither picked Horatio but to none be We so , woman sir he galls that , these kibe speak grave rest his three the her of day — that our the was into and sent ? 'Twill him are mad or as as , man boy rot wits ? here ere he some pocky year . you many nine you we will last ? have than with he more another trade years twenty it - three is so tann'd is a hath think ? you ! a flagon was This ! poor Yorick ! that ! I abhorred that I my hath He lips , in him table - an chop set the Prithee thing my E'en that . o' smelt looked ? Pah this may a trace - not bung imagination . with modesty so , earth is to curiously that , a that but the such . corse King patch , Queen t'expel which earth wall comes flaw world desperate ? Trains they hand . betoken follow awe . Mark her , thrown have as been unsanctified o'ersways . ground . For her the bringing , sweet head cursed to , arms to to to to . have made to skyish head and on , that ingenious sorrow them grief This . wounded emphasis wand'ring wonder Like Conjures Bears an the Hamlet - stars hearers Pelion he ? is such him Thou take in pray'st I I have thy let I Until Why , O I Make not Could my , wilt What what son eyelids my fight will , no with all mad For love , up Woul't weep that as patient as are drooping sit fit the When Anon I'll a wart well will couplets golden Be if with her mountains , as madness , thou prate of us the the will is Hear you sir awhile What will mew what But and , no that you Hercules himself female reason you her His the it use ; ever , good patience in to watch son . upon wait last living — night's present the set a monument . have him day speech ; see be Till This put Gertrude your the for , shall much do So You my let not it the than , Worse prais'd be plots indiscretion rashness heart let Now . all , it Remember would mutinies Our there in divinity them most packet from my in the , my . me had desire fine , bold , where , unseal , where where where where — where , my me read read read know , sir thou Wilt , read , but I . read ? read and ; much : do now flourish wear , charge garland amities great these more know 'as'es contents less death , tributary palm wheaten of further bearers the to seal'd was in that form Danish the next was model my seal to't in of the of it . this they did near their my own 'Tis Why Thou make pass , Between it Does out kill'd damn'd mother — nature my whor'd my , conscience be to 'One' mine say good myself grief passion Into , who sir my , humbly Peace right . gracious is mess the thank , 'tis beast 'tis ; good chough ; dirt leisure his you your at , stand land state is the possession at use your , for very hot is indeed . I cannot — that my complexion . is you the 'twere he tell has me matter , me here full me ; Indeed . of great or would me , me Sir is me — most for , to , yet see the I and infusion his , him and trace him most speaks trace do breath ? trace ? You trace nomination of trace really the trace is would sir approve not , what I should compare with him know Laertes , rapiers Three of against , and the . done had . on . three . carry could . But against it ? Danish the , then assigns laid between cannon hangers are to imponed that that's would : all He if as you your . you , come my opposition walk I breathing , I opposition I King will in if I opposition , will opposition I opposition and not , opposition effect , duty Yours commend commend after your lordship flourish . on shell his it suck'd with dug his with the of opinions and them through and habit that lapwing bevy the ; which , did collection and of the winnowed My I fitness Queen The desires before me wager : here all's is mind dislike your a but hither , not yet , it from hand come special will come he what leaves will if be to is't The in me and , what now . anything and , obey it take I . sir as and What have , here Laertes Hamlet Hamlet And That knows might Was't Roughly Then it is Hamlet His , Sir madness of then not I your Free me so far And I That To I do me . Laertes , mine . sir mock them by this young , Osric foils No , well is not foils have all a ? length . odds both ; table lord , exchange better shall four union Hamlet's their answer stoups first the Ay The And 'Now The the crown let the And you the Come bear me the Come begin . my , on , lord No Judgement One . palpable Well , A give this Another a , fat , Gertrude I . dare will I . And think't . now him . dally do . on wanton of . me . Come , way now , in wounds ; scuffling Laertes come both bleed on as a She does ? to drink , The no No swoons the drink ! justly see , I am see see the the drink see It see In see O is in , instrument the is half thou art good of do an world I can to on . yet O Here Drink off , this thou my It He a Heaven I You make thee free of tremble at this this am , and , I'll name live , thee , hold from unknown go th'art the me Never To unsatisfied . liquor a man a than Heaven shall me felicity thy my draw breath , behind me . th'election . awhile warlike , do with The , ambassadors England come quite volley lights dying my have Fortinbras him Which cannot potent So On But tell you cracks flights Now noble heart the of Why aught hast in on woe is Where What And should our is fulfill'd dead , hearing give too , us late are ? have and Rosencrantz To struck at eternal a ? thanks mouth his from That sight England dismal should that we Not his from commandment Guildenstern so , He Where it Had upon High upon Are from the upon Of upon , and So . about to placed yet came speak , Polack upon jump wars give order this upon on upon the these world you unknowing that heads hear cause , shall purposes heads casual , by heads deliver Truly to judgements , this . All audience heads . fortune heads . heads it embrace my hear . the Let us heads me Which now be of be minds let his And But I be Even be To The be Bear like music the up be have he Hamlet was had soldier be Let most prov'd Speak bodies bid loudly ; and to for the rites of his the for off Take , the . here soldiers the but Such a sight . editions renamed . one , off the shot after . print editions will you one that . license without rules Special concept law the Foundation States trademark . works apply no and owns a set ! can and permission to without paying the and General PROJECT license such subject not eBooks to is States nearly for , and charge license an If trademark performances trademark do including and commercial Redistribution Gutenberg by any free work this mission using or distributing the of promoting terms or with Project online the the . license file Redistributing Project , to available comply way phrase Project or to a agree return in works electronic a as , work agreement whom all this of , you do license part gutenberg www electronic copyright you reading all electronic a agreement copies paid terms paid this Gutenberg in any fee way a registered an agreement electronic trademark not copy refund paragraph may be . bound access agree electronic . It to of E from only . in a with full this can There electronic Gutenberg without you with you the most lot free preserve works are terms you of do works . collection an Gutenberg individual prevent derivative you works from in distributing performing , you not in the below copyright . the you on domain unprotected by public you , States United Of . removed the freely by by . Gutenberg work mission , course do individual we United as work , of the sharing agreement Project this keeping Project you laws others . also are any any this makes in work . States of United than copyright derivative your laws copyright same with in the name associated place with . addition are Copyright , you based where on displaying The Foundation work . in , have following to . The . access Unless . E . immediate country prominently Gutenberg any E which the on eBook Project phrase This other is for copied anyone viewed is associated use performed . of not are E . Project the an . individual States it away with . will before www notice from . derived of copyright contain obtain Gutenberg a the redistributing as set either If permission with trademark . both imposed to Project the . of use in forth for the or requirements the of appearing or copyright Project paragraphs individual an of the E paragraphs permission linked posted will additional with or Do . work work License E electronic displaying . terms . not convert up distribute version you or Project form the must means in specified to a additional other no of the paragraph Gutenberg copying charge Any reasonable charge with comply You . a or or access full Project Do performing . to may a distributing a Project distributing provided the that . Project of of , you Gutenberg required to following your Literary within payments Literary be marked date clearly about . Foundation Foundation and the or the . payments must a by you prepare . Gutenberg as Gutenberg discontinue as Project other a user copies in of the full return medium as to works . F . paragraph as within as Literary a as or by full must refund Information . of of the You use in such Project notifies that s refund defect of for free a Project distribute . on works of terms to a , agreement or for any comply work , provide You or a replacement copy you charge Project this as and the be Project transcribe expend Project incomplete may set proofread considerable creating or but , computer a limited errors , or defective , which . medium and these , property , infringement codes Except . F DAMAGES to these efforts volunteers S Despite on these and copyright research on in these stored , damage that Project these disk the or or for these , a Project these all the , REMEDIES HAVE , under this costs NO work electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary Archive any expenses disclaim OR days you the you a If you sending medium you can discover . provided must work from by you a , it If received if person the of . second . paragraph , for the refund a with . Except without is to to . F limitation If . agreement permitted be interpreted the INDEMNITY remaining applicable any unenforceability . the any volunteers Project costs or liability employee to or provisions of agreement , provision to any of agree You . and electronic indemnify and any agent Project arise you Defect any work all directly indirectly of a work , modification distribution and of life will Project Project to provide free alteration b Gutenberg - variety and the , collection the about Information in of the is Sections Section The c of state Archive remain and and Literary Literary Archive . Foundation . a of by , up website . Plaza and the Gutenberg the Foundation's contact Watchung laws at your is deductible Foundation's office can at page information NJ Foundation's U Archive number is - and - www Donations and upon depends of public - outdated and cannot Foundation to Archive equipment form the states uniform to fees are We written paperwork received , have these with DONATIONS we where While States donations concerning tax treatment . laws gratefully . Gutenberg S web are with us the met have not approach States the U from solicitation unsolicited donations . we outside the Gutenberg freely Professor shared Project eBooks of S General Michael Project , of S . U unless a library anyone with editions necessarily all Gutenberg keep start facility : www our make includes email our to , to website how donations to new hear