there Who's Stand Long me Stand , Stand Stand the King ! your Stand upon Get . much at sick quiet heart cold . Stand Marcellus . night watch them hear I If rivals The O , And of of Horatio is Barnardo you . place honest what this my Say What Horatio I have says , Welcome And let Tush That He Had the figure King speak ; art break thee and Marcellus off , that's from the where that's scholar a . it it and , Denmark warlike buried thee charge . speak night I form stalks ! this time offended heaven majesty By and . the . away ! speak , it ! believe look . avouch thyself King : the art As he fantasy on't ? this and not . true ice an Norway the he he So Such was He before particular the hath jump at our . parle the Polacks strange , this , watch not our me tell of , that observant sore whose , sweaty . with is't that can night be Does Why nightly toils strict , to down foreign such same and of brazen cannon ; week haste last to Fortinbras who law our Fortinbras ratified his , compact him , lands heraldry by the by the ; seiz'd side by That whisper but , in our of appear'd most seal'd competent return'd ; Hamlet emulate pride which a ; on prick'd Which His fell unimproved of of lawless , the same our vanquisher the Hath That in Of Hamlet skirts up food stomach well other and full had those , of as ; stood which Against For a ; our , there , enterprise no which recover of this the , hand lands take chief and our the his And As us of and doth diet list , some watch it land head , watch : watch figure , Rome of . watch wars the watch these watch so the King watch . of of precurse still the earth prologue As whose the stars heaven And If , Upon preceding almost our Lo blast it Stay , avoid country's me foreknowing in thy , life womb of spirits , death I , Extorted which For treasure , hast . Stay may earth with ! and partisan stand ! at , Stop Shall is And it 'Tis show , the air malicious the crew majestical ! thing heard the sounding throat to guilty a when like , as vain have morn trumpet . I summons , it speak to started that a blows . warning or his hies that This present object of of day sea god his is truth probation erring fire spirit the is 'gainst ever birth all cock made that comes ; the to time believe it , my eastward mantle part in yon , high the , heard witch hath no dare stir strike , dew seen have by upon for consent , young up him our duty it I fitting will morn what ; hill life tonight know . kingdom ; brother's death befitted with of brow in our Though yet be hearts so The green in of bear That on . woe think ourselves our warlike our with as Have , a one this sister in To memory our that , grief hath discretion fought with with delight in marriage joy queen now , wisest sometime jointress sorrow nature state defeated dropping we herein gone , out frame message Fortinbras have worth brother's dear of know all and freely For have , which of , writ : him for we of young death our our this to us advantage hears suppress , of ; and we here Voltemand you are greeting this good of The for our To , and bed most Importing not the surrender father and nephew's - uncle herein his is . all bonds , dispatch the , to , made . Norway your farewell What , Laertes , Laertes heart the , to news . of some Laertes , What my offer is what's nothing And And The The hand not cannot more speak wouldst the reason You lose That not . not the , mouth , your return thy Laertes to ? father to France to came coronation ; duty done toward that leave again gracious What ? from wrung and my seal'd him petition ; give Laertes ; it spend , kin than cousin Hamlet clouds the I am , cast , look not thine for eye thy for 'tis common Passing through , madam If it seems ! Nay not madam Nor alone 'Tis Nor , No Nor Together with That can For But These 'Tis heart a In To any thing is sense to to a , A Take Of That In impious stubbornness 'Tis a to . is . simple and mind unmanly most obstinate condolement will to grief impatient and most most dead we the To of first so unprevailing a of As must You Than I going beseech back we It And cheer , courtier thy thee pray the I most immediate which And that in mother Let us best Denmark my jocund Sits This as not I ourself Be gentle my in , and loving all a you , madam , shall Come , today reply . tell , drinks bruit accord Denmark . and ! unprofitable O dew a not O How , of God ! had into flesh , an flat slaughter Everlasting would all me weary Thaw on't That to ; Visit resolve itself nay — seed it unweeded garden world gross should it ; Oh - it uses things it ; so beteem roughly Why , on fed it it By Let me Hyperion he her it Than My Frailty Would what Frailty Like Frailty married such is nor Frailty ! tongue my post father she my like with discourse Frailty , uncle , Frailty , galled most of heart to lordship eyes sheets to With Horatio , or same your my Sir I what good make My ? you . Good . from ? sir — good lord Wittenberg with say your Elsinore depart , truant funeral ? deep ere father's - violence your , enemy ear of you are no own , in you student . wedding , see it hard mother's your fellow to drink me to came , thrift lord , do mock my I it was in . lord my father . Horatio . Who saw ? him yesternight The lord ? not he eye my lord King his him shall My an the father . my , Saw father these you to , your marvel This together Marcellus Been the thus them Appears , cap with , walk'd march solemn thrice surprised they your the of he , the Upon at and oppress'd jelly , dumb with length Goes Armed his By their before Form Within them : to , did ; and time father kept they him of eyes , me more this ? not comes apparition was speak not , I word , the had are deliver'd night both Did The It Itself But at the : and ; did it head as shrunk from where it none lord up motion answer made , it And And , We Indeed And As live my yes he face ? toe to ? red Nay more A Most , very upon you . his eyes been in than pale anger . Pale there ? amaz'd very moderate saw't . and might tell was , in no a . life watch And it speak to it my will 'twill father's itself still ; whatsoever my If bid it be else peace in , assume If Let And your , fare well twelve , ye and . your . honour you an I'll you hold though have requite would foul night arms my the sit doubt Your duty as to 'twixt . loves visit farewell . will men's not are sleep give Farewell all My still earth them : foul spirit ! in father's play , the winds assistant Do the , But Hold it violet , Forward And youth For youth the a A youth perfume Hamlet and fashion youth trifling permanent and more , youth a toy in , a youth In youth . youth nor waxes soul loves is persons loves to nor wisdom so and ; for his nor , himself and cautel not you nor Perhaps will is unvalu'd will nor state choice subject but you must fear ; depends do birth his nor own his , this head the Unto The Whereof May It . which Denmark your your importunity , of desire affection , dear sister your chaste may of unmaster'd credent loss you rear is the . open . it shot of If she Virtue not to calumnious infants the oft The the , fear and my enough : moon , songs his list your buttons and their galls And 'scapes maid chariest the then itself as like Whilst to my a primrose own . rede dalliance way good in fear . of rebels watchman me O too . is double my not But blessing here The stay double smiles for these And And There , my blessing shame thy thy , unproportion'd no his act no with , by thought thoughts you Yet A upon Aboard , second shoulder a grace leave Look thou Of But Costly express'd habit dull unto any hast quarrel may but as in they not Grapple to each man's new each Of Those do Give every Bear't entrance hatch'd with entertainment . voice . in . Beware thy , true husbandry and generous the oft fancy most loses the thine false night self : that station rank chief ; be the . nor and itself lender a : follow then be as to season be day ; of , man hath Hamlet Lord you 'Tis I Farewell you And What my , he . to you bethought oft ; hath time Marry , he private touching something yourself . clearly honour . truth , girl . me perilous , circumstance tenders his ! You . as you I speak , not do That He Affection you , I Do Of his lord ; teach dearly fool a pay poor hath he In think baby true love . to his I do know . to , is daughter , presence in making - a . a both the prodigal woodcocks for entreatments , holy catch all countenance almost springes to heat blazes , soul , From fire at their they are Ophelia , Lord he you a to young , bawds this Hamlet he investments unholy , charge you in to Look air The I is a bites an nipping hour it it No What King wake drains this mean , does and tonight Wherein the draughts drum of triumph , a am it revel born I his it headed and traduc'd us our our The That As breaking of , I virtues As infinite as be or , that mole it down the , plausive form their Carrying by His Angels a ministers from questionable us a . lord grace , thee answer but may again What ponderous thee why hearsed ignorance ; Hamlet , mean this , and ; cerements we their saw fools of complete moon we of disposition our Wherefore the reaches As with But if it beckons Look courteous It And for not set what , be at immortal what life should my ; no I ? it do . the brain , itself I'll into roar it madness desperation beneath , on me hears looks That It thee fathoms , motive you very place your assume there And Be You shall Go ; waves , not I'll follow go Hold as call'd , Still And makes hardy As each with imagination lets . Go desperate what . a 'tis will state of the To not rotten will it come thus this . direct to fit Denmark . him issue follow him . is in Heaven hour to I render myself tormenting Whither me I lead Must , me am bound My , flames . up ghost , fires my But confin'd purg'd Till So To what when to hear . days away spirit thou father's revenge , fast to done could I burnt tell harrow the tale ; the particular knotted of each To ears Make up Would secrets a And two locks end O love and Murder , foul foul the unnatural ; swift . is as be apt Lethe , this itself rots not that I shouldst A given know't this me foul most to meditation And That stir out stung did forged so the my the weed orchard in duller me ; ear youth . thy my O , incestuous that Now thou ; soul uncle of wears sting life ! prophetic with won my seduce , his off falling seeming wit that that that even ; to it I Upon went wretch From O me hand in , will wit witchcraft Ay to The So Though itself to in a garbage on I ! With The leperous distilment hebenon cursed porches such in juice Upon My Brief And as an always methinks . secure my let soft But And though , Will scent the a pour body doth alleys eager of into milk mine hand crust ; through posset man of courses it vigour sudden , curd a And Most Of Cut , thou Let not Taint not thy A well , lodge heaven ! once contrive , sin to sent blossoms unanel'd my ! it be damned bear soul to bosom , Adieu glow - 'gins you of I host couple O shall worm mother prick The you bear And and to Against adieu all But And heaven ! pale adieu fire . me ! fie , O not holds , Yes woman damned is , pernicious villain villain one smile Meet it smile it , O with O , smiling of all alone all commandment and volume set and . it and least All of That I And saws It uncle 'Adieu and . So is . Hamlet Within may My tables . be me ' word Denmark in MARCELLUS Within , Within , lord . bird lord it ? lord ! noble boy Come ! heaven my lord Not then I I my , say in dwelling villain There's , man . be heart , grave Denmark lord come . would , of and you'll you Ay ne'er To Why I so needs , tell lord the and part , HORATIO my you are this an he's ; knave all you , poor , desire own lord words whirling heartily , pray , my heartily Yes , man And your Look and offend , offence are sorry you . lord there Touching that is ; go for they wild it . Horatio here between , lord seen , Nay , we will . in faith . have In faith , my my , thou hear Consent this oath , the Swear sword have lord my . in Art you Propose Never . ground . so ? th'earth good wondrous welcome mercy Horatio help you But myself come . friends strange , think disposition in stranger give your , hereafter perchance Or ; times to such ambiguous or such at seeing antic encumber'd pronouncing of 'We out — to need this be 'There , not help shall , might' . you me commend do With , what so his perturbed , Swear spirit So . as I . Reynaldo Reynaldo , good inquiry in . well did , what what Danskers are expense drift means , who and well shall Before My said first at son , come nearer ? Reynaldo ; more friends well ; and , and my there put on rank slips of , well very , him companions so him but he I , you may ; ' mean please But But are such and gaming fencing go ? lord . charge the , him taints unreclaimed in and meaning : put as no You , lord another you is not my That Faith The another they outbreak but to on ; so , of him another in a of fiery liberty quaintly another , another another mind another that I — drift my a sullies th' I , in you thing these I him it Mark or consequence , guilty 'friend ; 'gentleman' I I my in the in soil'd you crimes or I to he . say phrase the and you you ever party phrase ' By mass phrase sir , phrase to man phrase phrase lord . good Very 'closes closes phrase He then was falling tennis' there and ay Where ? did I , in At you brothel a , 'I thus , and wisdom or Your , with the ' and 'gentleman . ' as rouse day gentleman say not , sale' truth , a : or , of and such with he him , falsehood of windlasses my find and advice . of assays directions , you — his inclination my wi' , in lord shall , I . ply let And Observe Ophelia , his him , Lord lord in , as upon his How My With Alas , name I Hamlet , God , it I comes he loosed piteous knees - with chamber , hell , head down , his with out ? love , had horrors if shirt As he not Mad of speak lord What , but ? arm shatter to seem it rais'd thrice As being At As last He did head he He falls — his he goes He end And with his his a . to And seem'd That waving thus sigh and down arm , eyes lets without his piteous and , their I . me his his went his light their without ecstasy very the the bended desperate , the This As leads my am thee I me denied he proper to beshrew him made His I And To As lack is beyond wreck seems be , is with heed did But the being hide known to . it mad and might move , the , love see to long . Something you have use and than go , in ourselves cast dear much have did , Guildenstern , heard him , him humour our himself youth to your time To That of so so vouchsafe young days his by to glean remedy afflicts court with both , thus . you are much two , open'd lies us from to , him neighbour'd gather , our within men adheres so If there good gentry much and shall king's of awhile , living please and us of will will unknown with majesties you into us such our not . thanks , pleasures both Put be obey entreaty by We at the full , command more commanded Rosencrantz , lay I , Thanks you beseech son gentlemen helpful and to amen , Th'ambassadors from Both my think not God , lord Norway good lord of gracious this policy you , good , been good my of hold so , mine soul King that th'ambassadors of trail else my to The O And shall grace My news my father's His The He , Voltemand , Say of and ! Norway desires greetings what levies he which to the , 'gainst ; sent to him he , Highness , first a That your his But Fortinbras he arms joy annual with never in brief more to commission Norway against , before him three in sends , into preparation whereat griev'd found truly and borne Receives Was give So And his an With Makes vow thousand such levied as , therein As it entreaty further to shown , took - well ; read . labour . this well feast . ended . night for It time . is time . flourishes of is duty be night is the , time . son wit , that nothing for to it brief the limbs waste , be call More But let else true mad but . and , Your outward , day , soul noble is madness ? mad define . tediousness What , with use : 'tis art less use I then of this this And . cause cause defective use , for the , 'tis farewell But And is mad , I , matter I true 'tis he Or find say effect of use mark . duty — obedience the have , use cause mine , and use — Perpend she is , surmise a hear 'beautified' a vile beautified . be , move Doubt Doubt the to liar . her a I are doth . numbers will I fire to . have him , it to is not ; faithful be sun the stay I that Ophelia dear am ill . Thine I , obedience fell above hath , his me , and solicitings place faithful how of What in , evermore would a perceiv'd I As When dear had If hot you hot think of But hot this so man hot . it had seen hot fain hot I hot This That not Hamlet Or hot I did of gave , to of no his . my fruits then thence and , a Into very I That there Take When ? from I . prov'd it 'tis likely fain this know so ? this , Not otherwise , be may It Where we he in I'll you Be the and . from for state thereon then know such a So behind If reason farm a not . loose further daughter arras love fall'n carters assistant no loose time Mark loose . loose it comes . her try loose loose Let And loose I'll How board the presently does loose Not well know me , lord . a away lord you , a my , Excellent I fishmonger were my lord . dog be one picked is ten , a goes this thousand world in Have carrion , lord For if truly in he ? i' sun walk you . to him youth said Aside . you , not . but to't blessing look , daughter extremity , words my , What do lord you words Between ? What ; Still a is this . Words that plentiful here wrinkled have a says , they are not yet like set you down , my , read For their I the . sir - that . and All , sir , believe tree I hold old I sir as I old men amber in't , that have it most powerfully crab ? is grave lord air the . of him of . part on hits between anything life and and . willingly . my fools tedious my me life These the seek Lord You sanity my Fare from except except sir you well Hamlet . Guildenstern both Ah , to My sir he you . not are we Happy On Nor soles we Good indifferent children . Rosencrantz live about Fortune's As the ! friends cap Then or we . the ; news my my , my her favours is . hither deserved . true that lord secret parts Then Fortune ? lord are one which , you . news good my prison , worst . th' , is . particular What , that she Prison a the many ? wards , and or bad good nothing is ; you ; Denmark ; in there 'tis then I , thinking none to , your ambitious ambition shadow of too dreams have I 'tis narrow king . a outstretch'd and a a airy so but Shall . bodies th' and wait like will beggars' our you what make am I at . my servants Elsinore ? you with , honest , lord my man the thanks sort upon . reason We'll GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ to of , but halfpenny friends Is justly To , poor not am my thanks with it ? that of anything kind , colour me inclining are even in dear my , say Come ? Is it . to the your To me conjure youth our consonancy the to you - me teach by , even You should What But let by and for What . then Nay To what with . me you dear no or . for . sent eye Guildenstern say you of direct you an My you indeed not and shall , lord King know late will exercises , secrecy frame of , I in no , of moving other , apprehension yet express golden you to seems , earth I but this most like quintessence animals of paragon angel in piece excellent a by though lord stuff me air the goodly ; the it , firmament appears What lord the My then , when I said what , shall they from , the you delight was ? dust of , an , world the Man delights not man on service — use man or you in not are gratis make the knight king say . the and to such What the shall ; lover have shall th' — take lady shall adventurous the plays ; shall , wont you for't was . lungs shall sigh mind freely laugh ? blank tickle verse the in innovation and reputation . the ? rusty sir , Are but out little , children their No it in How estimation I inhibition comes indeed tyrannically stages for't These call than Who ? no maintains 'em How and they their scarce common themselves their writers ? as not , many thither they can on both exclaim against much there been should grow sides ; the money say been O Is't the them sin bid has argument tarre to the went about . brains load a poet of away ? was would not mouths a there this for my for , is very hundred something There him strange they that fifty uncle carry my father his than more my welcome , more my lest garb welcome . But uncle mother father appear the players , which comply with you . than yours are must I aunt entertainment Let - is tell me . You southerly , That hearer each out of gentlemen the his say is , an ; they clouts . man is . When wind a ear swaddling Mark it indeed so . you an was . lord my , my too - the , the only men or - light for tragical , actor The pastoral , comical cannot and treasure had Israel historical either each for his . poem historical individable , comedy , hadst too thou the , more that my passing my daughter which not I The . Still i' my call Am well . old . I Nay , th' came to will like , wot God , that follows are the It row , friends first The thee , my beard is to , your God Denmark ! friend old all chanson my in . of chopine be e'en , altitude to't . speech me not cracked nearer by Com'st . We'll see . uncurrent gold We'll a What . me a , the But it was — play once speech Come for speech have welcome are you and piece ! mistress last of the , speech lord Come like , French was remember no method that . fine in matter called more there a passionate , much the in mine it the excellent modesty lines honest no said scenes in top as I , the matters the , were I an , than the down with in , smear'd see it indite as it : in live your as the speech of , wholesome he he fire and gore and the , he of and vile And like he To With tyrannous coagulate he the hellish Pyrrhus seeks , with he gules . black the did , more fathers impasted mothers streets , horridly light , he good accent you Greeks finds him to too Rebellious short Anon , with and , it Unequal in lies where rage whiff father my 'Fore with at Pyrrhus But to prisoner Stoops declining his , Then , milky the was Which Pyrrhus' Th'unnerved Seeming The the nothing neutral against rack Pyrrhus' fall nothing eterne bleeding Cyclops' so anon the see his . nothing storm dreadful region silence Doth bold nothing a like A nothing Did and sets as But nothing out less Now spokes thou , the all Break And Mars's With general synod never did the for . sword , power away the from her you All or 'The your is . too bisson the for a jig gods state Fortune's Run With barefoot About 'Gainst Where late in , would all , clout fear tongue in steep'd , heaven . eyes . soon hear , and rest this you ? abstracts tears — all of , in's bad Do . mortal clamour sword his of move the in milch instant And made that made Unless Would things have passion you colour . them use the speak the , has — them than well you your your every man in is Come hear a in tomorrow play old , Can friend , hear We'll ha't thou which I insert down need play you my could a a of speech ? some could him in't . Gonzago . of The . not mock I'll . lord Good to , set , Elsinore I am a player conceit , am own his all nothing for all in's dream this to whole ? Hecuba or he slave ! passion for Hecuba he with the distraction force in Could working and ? his , Hecuba voice , fiction his her from Tears That I Had the He the the general ear cue do to ? drown with , the would , guilty For eyes would her , broken , tears . peak , I cause , face lie by Tweaks mad have And cleave And Who Plucks the beard villain defeat say calls my whose can A deep 'Swounds Like John gives ! I make am off gives . and property was gives Ha gives gives To as this , But should have gives all Bloody region and : it liver'd fatted oppression pigeon should my to Prompted That , like ! Foh the soul . malefactions that at speak with , heard drab , scene I heart and most , words very will observe organ have so very cunning of no the , father tongue of If I but , thing grounds I'll The of dangerous and distracted quiet ? of lunacy himself by But harshly he drift no his will he he , aloof Did you true state gentleman . sounded . to forward disposition forcing our , a a much he receive a question Most you so a But Niggard with of a o'er We a a , Did it fell way in They . I think , a him . Of these certain that out we a kind the already ; it there on seem play before , of And Gertrude closely he That Affront We Good all With For have , father Her gather thus of his love behav'd wish cause virtues book you Read may . To Ophelia so that are — you ourselves . show of sugar we , such We — That bestow walk . loneliness We Ophelia will And not more cheek harlot's The is be To The To No Devoutly is wish'd . sleep To against them by — and , That by more heart - to be For And flesh of that perchance The The of office love the bear of insolence of the and man's takes , For , death To to to pause have sleep wrong dispriz'd the under sweat traveller the dread ? himself merit The When pangs When oppressor's patient bodkin country returns others that bear , something whose , hue cowards native thought , of us of ? pith of make Who his quietus will not of those ills we , life weary a and But No undiscover'd from the we us , great cast resolution . sins the With conscience to makes rather pale action Nymph . in turn moment thy , awry their and of . lord remembrances receive sweet their perfume right aught unkind lord my wax things , you now I well did you lord you My mind you compos'd honest lost noble the . honesty Are ! ha if you be lord fair your discourse gives translate no admit , and have beauty commerce with sooner beauty of love of lord This to ; my of virtue . the have believed to myself , more yet more as give me a . Go between than am me my shape do ? crawling them I all , Where's your . earth thy have things proud ? I , to play nowhere but own the father thou . calumny marry . may us . marry restore O God thy of you wilt Be and your all , make married . jig You . another God's more shall more , well and that keep on't , rest Those yourselves nickname make paintings heavenly creatures made it him quickly and ; go , face . no too , your noble and soldier's what scholar's rose a , eye , are . the the quite sovereign is , fair observers all of And sweet Blasted seen form jangled spake Was Nor O'er which and the disclose on brood soul form I , little , his something lack'd though doubt some his neglected : thus on't ? tribute prevent England I think puts expel But . do now Hamlet Lord , My . it you hold not his queen all his be their conference grief England send plac'd wisdom It shall great ones in you pray mouth it , spoke my but , may say use may robustious it , to give capable split are such a Herods Herod have warrant I ; neither word not to you for dumb Termagant be ; end 'twere , word the your . very to , most the part , would I noise out observance body a off tardy seen to so , the whole heard , that Christian the ; virtue action Be , too not Suit thought I play profanely o'erweigh O pagan of , they man , and so be . not made be will bellowed — players allowance your nor to have gait I that and abominably of of a you play . the then there For , laugh than to Nature's some , hope altogether set them those your to laugh ? ready pitiful lord . presently . lord my and that work Horatio We ! I think as just . man , hope I from flatter lord thee ? spirits service a your lord ? Horatio O art That what advancement may ; are blessed thy pomp be good her thou that heart him . and please Something the of heart I in There I sound A man in seal'd Hath my heart's not they Hast Whose In That To ta'en with and are is As That ay very the with , scene a it when tonight have It a itself told thou tonight unkennel . uncle imaginations Give are speech ; our rivet tonight damned . eyes to that comment that thy foot - tonight . tonight tonight , his seeming will censure we my lord of , whilst the place the is join will stithy not Do I after Vulcan's For he As steal And 'scape are A Danish ; Hamlet feed cannot this have I ; must be , others you the play you chameleon's not I My ? words : i' good . actor , play'd so these you killed . a kill'd was you . To th'university , of him . What , a th' . you enact I part Caesar i' capital ? dear that lap by attractive patience your . your mark Hamlet , my lord ; me . lie lord in here's good . mother ho ! my your legs lap ? between nothing think , my ? my , merry my lord lord lord . a do . my I looks should Ay . 'tis cheerfully - my man's build - churches whose a very - and horse horse a yet ? not for But Then half else 'For , for lord not or ; ' my . and . down Anon . lovingly show makes memory asleep her finds , it seems , hobby the with King takes her Enter She Queen ; protestation . him King and . in Poisoner , bank a and . miching imports cannot of it his Mutes unwilling away . lord counsel is What show this the . argument Be you ashamed . to . I'll naught him show to Here and to your , shall know that prologue For You are naught shame you'll tell us tell , show you for clemency , of . ring . hath As with and thirties borrow'd orbed Tellus' Hymen our been sheen ground gone Phoebus' . wash world dozen , most sacred I may are be moon bands did done sick and fear littlest is you . nothing love my woe I distrust from lord fear love my In women's is proof from state extremity . and , For Where as must grow siz'd doubts made hath great the love functions this thou — kind : love , thee great fears little Where wed Such And thou , belov'd in live Honour'd None what I Are But Of second Wormwood , wormwood of none second , kisses , but is violent fruit the debt mellow that 'tis we do you believe when , necessary unshaken like pay to The revels doth ourselves think do to they , poor validity , be we is memory : forget sticks birth , now ourselves What fall propose joy our with should loves , you mark else ; The great 'tis fortune advanc'd For not down us not love . change to nor on most 'tis tend fortune enemy , where his lack in hitherto , makes love our world Grief , That For Whether poor who But our devices fates end him hollow shall needs , of enemies prove , yet , love or fortune , try friend friend , contrary their no and scope , heaven and , own . dead , is husband second nor day hope night light lord me my would cheer well she , dull The pursue tedious day spirits should break . here pursue lasting pursue it leave ever I pursue now awhile sleep between And pursue pursue If Sweet grow come thy and with fain , the , they The murder see , What ? a have wince the . name work it . image the , touches his is no offence ? what of Baptista that o' . unwrung . I love your a Lucianus ; You are you You could and Marry , Gonzago our This piece souls jade . Vienna I interpret — mistake you doth worse and groaning , bellow , and Come season Confederate better edge agreeing seeing creature drugs croaking . my revenge . damnable . my a your begin mixture Thy On life usurp dire immediately name's Begin , husbands Thou th'garden written him extant poisons , is faces , Hecate's gets very . His , The see wife You . murderer What Give o'er How me All . my . play deer weep , the Why some go the some let hart runs So The watch , with , Give Lights , light . lights forest two away some with , fortunes not Would a dost a . on must fellowship Of Horatio O take the thousand reigns was dismantled and — thou Half , rhymed here lord my word talk well Didst . not , the perdie , the ? Why For ha ! my lord Good some king he , music . word . a likes like . vouchsafe not it you of retirement . me , history sir , Sir The Ay in With for wisdom me tame I am sir , pronounce and affair of the . breed end mother's the be . lord shall will I my this your a courtesy make , me if ; answer . or wit's behaviour can at that , son wonderful She : to , obey shall I , We , My you once of your deny lack the I Sir can How , but have pickers stealers to your friend the surely bar do — voice of grows , you would withdraw play love is with why do a unmannerly pipe , will stops of utterance any how you these , skill breath know I me it these your govern , you . your You out to of note me the am would not finger ventages are have would what cannot , little the pluck make you lowest voice , play , stops thing my know . me instrument me speak , that's cloud , mass Do me fret you lord My backed like a like . shape weasel like whale . mother By . by like a whale by by friends . out hell When Contagion is I come to Would heart daggers cruel thy as I night my let , drink breathes . day this enter . to words Nero itself could business Soft not . blood hot not of Let seals How tongue my safe with , consent ; shent prepare be never nor soul like his Most keep many provide it feed shall and will shall shall The That To shall The terms to of our estate as safe shall bound more rest and shall is is falls things . it lesser a It the ten . on you Arm For , sigh you Never consequence highest of annexment the King pray , adjoin'd ; it alone spirit upon of it not lives Dies Fix'd To whose near What's the fetters but , which this upon put we We I too will ROSENCRANTZ Which free speedy fear this us goes will to going the . and warrant his . the as meet of call And tell . audience Behind And hear speech curse . know ; liege than was mother's said should , to I heaven , not upon't , o'erhear , go you you , is Thanks my brother's Though wash To And both in like My It hath I And thicker neglect a guilt Were And , itself with . than stand enough visage forestalled being come to fall force offence twofold form of . Then O Forgive I , my what , past crown May In may currents by prize my the am foul mercy , murder ! look me did of . shuffling no the In his the in what what O Even To give . when O that ! can true , But the corrupted 'tis seen own mine , My Yet Bow may do I stubborn soft pat . well new ! strings . now And do't reveng'd so he That would and do father , salary and , this hire son , revenge not for heaven . is he . O . all how But To is with him take heavy And took , sole my circumstance and who , audit am I , is broad , grossly this villain I That his He father And trip At in th'incestuous about at stays days . may salvation heels . and prolongs pleasure bed rage in't damn'd and horrid act : hent , sickly thoughts My as advances mother or some black , heaven . him , with . to home my to below , not me coming him , you Withdraw warrant , Mother . Grace him have round I'll you and Tell him heat Much . I'll Now mother the matter ? tongue tongue ? Hamlet now matter forgot , were it the , by , not now so now you not now so that speak not , now What's the rood now now , are would What ? What Behind . I'll you set Thou , now Where Come Nay You and sit I inmost of you ! ho help ! thou for Dead a help Draws am is ! done the it . rash slain ! O O A kill me , Is and , a Almost Thou took I Polonius deed king 'twas . Take , my bad deed bloody marry king fool — thy a As Ay . If let Leave wretched of wringing What Calls That it rose thy so against . noise the forehead an Such body and there And The tristful of very of Makes of grace hypocrite an there of , thought - sick act compound Heaven's and this soul fair from the there visage , oaths there innocent there doth love dicers' blister as sets there a such makes there index and seated was grace the to herald there like , The roars upon front this act , in threaten and command : seal his Jove brothers . man what now of to and the of on two here counterfeit This Where An To you hey The Here your New lighted combination indeed form assurance you ear eyes at tame and sure , follows feed to , judgement not apoplex'd sense a you quantity was madness ; but that have your : it's you eyes ? motion humble ? motion sense ? sight motion of you day - upon this from the motion Sense would ne'er . at hath thus Eyes Ears motion flaming melt When And motion as compulsive ardour actively let O shame is shame devil all blush thy one smelling shame gives , very my will doth shame . soul . more shame to their panders live shame bed , enseamed tinct and but there shame turn'st And Hamlet mine , and an grained of the in slave is . murderer that These speak the mine ; the kings rule the more , like to , corruption In Stew'd A And from A precedent No . pocket precious twentieth part in shelf put patches more What your with it That cutpurse Of your and hover of king heavenly You mad . lets . and forget O of say The , Do you Alas acting thy amazement to But O come look Do laps'd go almost her How and Speak , and in Conceit her not blunted and . purpose sits fighting strongest Hamlet works . and ? lady , it how air life heat the and , as your with is do and And Alas the sleeping the incorporal bend with That Your and stand . in wildly hold with peep , vacancy the ? he , me glares , end and patience him cause . Then perchance to to look thy look for there ; yet nothing you do stern at speak have action preaching blood convert pale stones , not Do , this you — what colour this ? I see hear you Nor did Nothing , you he is Why , that nothing habit . in cunning as doth very very My music me It madness Bring have pulse And That utter'd goes in ! how it This Is healthful ! keep , mining the my to madness ulcerous past what's on is all Confess , ranker spread film yourself what Forgive the . To For in this to me these leave curb , Virtue woo of fatness skin your will Whilst not from It Would but avoid within , come my beg in it ; the must . unseen good . the the thou vice compost the times virtue , this in it other the to heart part of twain . half purer go you to uncle's not eat sense actions more nature out , the The a is custom the gives on . next more be him easy use is abstinence a put use And that lend change of tonight , so throw of ; easiness good , it pleas'd For stamp devil Once to or hath scourge worse remains only to , and lord same and again heaven but ; The death Let the by means on King tempt , begins . and more What cheek a pair , your I I bad One shall no for bloat word Not let mad that's despite To And , with all ravel Pinch For Unpeg thou of , break , own the , breathe to , if And What Be And hast Let Would a the birds fly in the , said that . of . basket neck be no life down have the life thou : knavery have Let must will . own petard For with mandate 'Tis so fang'd work mines shall 't below 'tis the and O directly meet most , sweet go , enginer their way sport his When Hoist , must was most Good Where understand . while I have little tonight profound How ? lord , Ah , mightier . wind and sea the Behind my is rapier good old ! O heavy us , is had It how so you , to liberty It us laid be To Should His shall this But . been man like it of us apprehension there kill'd very apart draw his pith keep metals , madness of pure We mad have O'er To Even the He . majesty excuse our and deed , his from in mother's hath you skill vile . him . in dragg'd , come away ! Ho ! here body ? dead the kin , come they ! Hamlet with it , Compounded us Tell And bear ? lord ? son the , King's . own made , may we the . to be countenance jaw best of shall have you not you knavish , speech A is and the is sleeps sponge needs corner the and understand what you , is thing him Hide my thing — go a but tell where King us body the King lord find goes man law , eyes even . grown smooth but multitude , judgement their bear , offence th'offender's and must seem lord my , pleasure At where's ! Without Guildenstern Bring us lord my where he and . A of dishes two — fat end the of fish worm by a , worm of through the a alas ! That's but the Alas that fish Nothing him month Send i' heaven within seek this . He stay till you Attendants you yourself . But is Where shall indeed go you , up as for ready For Which is thou him come safety must prepare wind is help thyself , especial — thine , tend For England . thee , bent . hence ! for England for . come ; purposes Farewell , one is and . sense free mayst looks give thee and thy and my power yet great , on leans not at Delay flesh Follow That th'affair everything I'll Tempt speed him ; it him tonight hence seal'd Pray , else for my Pays letters the By The For were me Danish king . I my Do 'tis rages he . Hamlet which in a , march in aught Majesty the him , hectic . joys . you pray . I part of sir , farm . name ground , but patch of addition profit I five yield it the sold or defend will garrison'd . it be Norway to , it the is inward Will Two the it twenty already never in souls th'imposthume dies man Why the God . breaks please sir my lord shows , humbly and , you with be spur made that and and after feed ? and , some reason it but do I hath precisely us capability oblivion quarter'd godlike with unus'd or , say gross and to live , do't To thought A yet cause . this Whose spirit mouths with army a , have Sith I I To Is not at a all for a numbers cannot beds tomb be O of and , trick thousand shame men forth . distract pitied . and doubt her she says ? have ; be thought them , in true my full So toy Dangerous Each in her - for . great . guilt come sin's some is to prologue sick It spoken she . Denmark beauteous fearing artless Ophelia true one love staff ? hat of and another Majesty the your is your song your stone your . you pray and grass lady , your your — Ophelia , his his and , Nay At White look all the grave , do How Which bewept here ; not . a be pretty showers sweet love you flowers go . your what ask table they , out departed . a your the , door end an la without , oath I'll on't that his , maid , bed my sun . to tumbled thus been come promis'd Cock do't are wed by she hadst me before not to , they you cannot be i' for night would good I they think . night of all will so the of cold patient . sweet her ; well thou . Come I My springs ; the their we have single come , and inter greenly but violent her Poor . Ophelia and people First they O grief , father death mugger which ; just come father's is this death . deep muddied ear , wonder For good , Thick hugger from herself Polonius' Without are containing himself infect his , necessity on , the Divided Last Her wants nothing ear O our superfluous piece door the , to Feeds And With Wherein pestilent buzzers to matter beggar'd , call a with of his riotous but ' word not were young And They , hands we ! Laertes every now rabble , world more ? list him begin , dogs , king , of to , offices . the The 'Choose ratifiers known be ' ! applaud is this How , Caps cry 'Laertes cheerfully we give in , Sirs — you , is O will leave you all . are Danes ? my the No door , come , I . We Of mother . Give me thou O . Laertes , drop Cries go such looks so not what , person , to Tell him little Acts Let thy thus Why thou of rebellion What is will me : Gertrude , Speak is , would . be Laertes Let . pit profoundest the this ! reveng'd negligence stand ! give my , I to world so the little my Let That shall know , to , Of for Good desire will Laertes and enemies with well , and your revenge foe , true ; pelican ope ? arms father's your a you , child them kind know but To , Repast thus life I'll like and and and to in it your ! up the , and heat Till our heaven kind sister . O and . by virtue noise brains and be is mine of , a old ! and wits where young come eye her . my sense thy , out Should be Nature sends is O By now ? Tears , thing precious love some on nonny . life itself move my persuade . dove thus stole - master's his call a and , thy Hadst and It ! it 'Down - a there rosemary Fare could wheel becomes , document for that's pray for , matter than that's grace There's , him false . o' . died . good . difference when There's thoughts madness in me violets for fennel . a call A remembrance , columbines . rue remembrance love pansies is all end . passion bonny For , your they my There's but rue my Thought She to , not my itself prettiness give would I father daisy my my all say . my my . again again come ? dead - poll . God soul God grief your God apart but you choice wisest . must whom shall Or by If you He All , cast mercy this gone , b' ours call collateral 'twixt we all our we not lend and but to me kingdom , soul your that ; by friends O hand and will if , direct and judge commune . with you our us they Be To this death They crown To you And jointly his ; ostentation to — fall question 'twere as rite , to His No Cry means No Let nor nor So pray I they What go say would that go me . sir are I go They come what not Hamlet you go . greeted go do not know you go if and't that was There's , if Horatio him bound let it , if these were . if know ; overlooked this if you . sir is letter bless thee if if , comes fellows chase . old at and valour if of Finding to th'ambassador sir if turn repair like for clear , two words in , I King the some me to speak I them bore thieves thou am thine me good light where for . in And , I ship so grapple I . tell for way you you course good knowest thou speedier whom , brought thine Guildenstern to that To will He that Come you That he must must And So As Sith Now Why by But well capital wisdom were seem — his unsinew'd for and strong his to my , She's the my by you two , in feats , me tell But . not so your , all things , else much — The up , star but might general . faults count public a slightly have had bow where not have so And like Would Would not but conjunctive by moves her to love the great to I aim'd so graces reverted And perfections For That to if your Break to worth Stood her we pastime hope lov'd think A to sister , into to our . Whose father . of for challenger And not But ourself ? teach , You and Letters That now Hamlet . imagine brought say that him ! I ? I , How , Who Who my Hamlet Sailors Who . Leave you brought them set kingly the occasions of my Who , see . naked eyes Who hear them receiv'd Claudio Who . 'High Reads Who . shall Tomorrow first this it What kingdom asking your and more shall mighty ? I That I in it shall how Will it so tell If It lost own To more , checking No . voyage it not shall but fall breathe . practice uncharge accident his And the to at As thine he his And could you The To call , rather My death for But which As What that in , that of the , less wears , of Your . of Hamlet's you pluck your travel quality , from — the this gallant , very needful light , and well such myself brave tricks my , horse , seat French cap careless in riband they seen Than Here witchcraft can Had With had to . been I Norman short . So ? Lamord same . he and demi natur'd - of the That Come in forgery what was't Norman my very made I well gem For . The for And one he And gave know him all He of you masterly defence , indeed , of your especially scrimers be sight nor with do Sir of Did you That you Sir are face Sir Or Laertes Hamlet them . to wish him Sir his — envy his Sir the A I think ask painting dear lord Sir love of it , your ; goodness that passages love ? a to you , of abate still , would , of flame o' are a quick , as 'would' , changes sigh : accidents many do proof . will That and hath own is of There Time And too snuff or wick nothing his As And hurts To cut place , should Will To Will Most wager generous with a the and you Frenchman We'll Hamlet should close within murder i' chamber , good Laertes your ; excellence praise are come remiss choose , it of , sword , together you pass may , foils , The A And Where but withal I him from knife I'll father . in him Requite unbated purpose will sword I your . anoint a save is With Under simples Weigh us to our simples better , blood from moon this Let's convenience both of be simples that simples the death our drift We'll simples Should 'Twere May fit When a in more . proof simples your your in ! And simples the of . think may Queen sweet Our chalice that make drink ; fast follow sister's ! upon he One A for by If shepherds , do , That crow doth . make long , tunes old snatches the the hang her weedy trophies chaunted weeping . Her envious dead - in Unto Or . that that garments creature But , heavy with death drink up of brook awhile they and boughs cold our on , like Which Fell down time like element her bore distress and long poor the woman of what our I trick it , this of . Adieu fain . would these douts follow Let's But , custom Ophelia yet . holds , in How she and her she sat hath that thee How I be Is to is drown . but if be myself It herself , wittingly Nay water I se must to , do it cannot wittingly 'tis here an argal the , to guilty own drown his good nill and stands Here come not life is water , of quest law . law , been death he man . him own , the Argal , world have on't ha' Will Why Christian this truth in there you , and my buried o' hang no or spade - Was , Scripture say'st Come , countenance that ditchers that digg'd Adam question that is that says to . that If that What builds . art that What The well does ; for good those the than or stronger he either the mason the thousand , ill Now does well ? the thou . to may But gallows or again a I tell . unyoke , that come , carpenter not next ass your stoup asked for liquor . love makes are will Go , very was did last when pace with it Cudgel - O no Has To maker' . till this youth ; meet for did time it I was , his grave feeling methought there the , Methought fellow this e'en hath Custom age Hath And ! a tongue might offices skull , one lord . that . Cain's , It of and sweet , such morrow when horse one's ' could be which , my - courtier of good Or e'en a so : This my spade sexton's a with - lord murder would might my 'Good , such lord meant beg , we play not that , the , guest shrouding , to be made meet about and an a spade skull the be a clay - for ? bones cost no more . on't of knock land of with , about and , that For dirty . Hum with Why does statutes , length of of his inheritor vouchers of ? his sconce ? his tricks the his his his , to This recoveries him no more have this might will pate his in's another There's , a he suffer , shovel recognizances jot not vouch lands recoveries . and are , Ay breadth sheep of out - assurance grave's Whose of which Not speak and fellow . pit a be it I sheep this calves , lord to , For You for lie dost a not quick therefore in't and for say . dost thou 't the be say do , is thine it is . the mine say from sir , will woman say man dig for then say but rest soul card dead say I years three the that so , to must speak these , or have . thou maker picked Horatio sir , grown We by be ? th' , grave galls — that ? our How of the that . Fortinbras to't been - he can that , and . England recover sent , Ay , Every tell not he he he mad it's Why no marry fool why his wits . are men mad shall if mad as him there Very strangely How , be 'Twill seen Faith he he thirty and strangely the ? th'earth . sexton here he strangely will ? pocky you strangely last we man die i' . strangely , will he another strangely laying as he you strangely ere he the . nine not so your now - three skull And . while a and this ? was think you of was - Whose mad , was . not it , Rhenish King's knew . poor . Alas , and most a , fellow's I rogue mad on pestilence same This . that once a see that me borne I your one my favour that her Horatio she tell . that Make one this you it , on his fellow that . Takes a infinite , E'en that gorge how is me ! not must chamber mock that were now how , her laugh let that — fashion looked thou Alexander come ? hole trace th'earth ! Dost To noble the dust base what , make buried and Alexander of we to . him Alexander dust the ; to too find follow it lead and Might dead beer loam ; barrel turn'd to - stopping . may Alexander jot to not 'Twere returneth which to died thither consider consider loam faith The King but Caesar , that wind ? the kept a stop likelihood O But patch that hole of why The corse such the , own we . And Fordo it Couch What ceremony else and life noble estate desperate that . hand . some with death far ? a , Laertes That awhile mark . on , virgin should For unsanctified o'ersways but last , maiden Her , flints here she strewments We To sing and souls flesh , her . the priest rest ? home bringing . more requiem Must from minist'ring thou liest thee and - her angel I fair to of such No And her my , wife Hamlet's , maid , grave thy bed . violets What When thy thought I I times wicked of thy treble have strew'd to have treble the . be my been that while . and mine a . sweet on , once her upon a Pelion or you old hop'd . head , head made blue whose whose and is , the devil I stand have sorrow of phrase ? What I in not me . hand Hamlet All ; him this . no with what theme ? Until Why I ! theme wag upon do , thyself : woul't her thou with leaping come ? fast me To Be do't And outface For , Dost of , our ground I to ? God me with is of eisel 'Swounds Woul't Woul't weep woul't love drink quick thou his a rant Nay burning let here ? I'll the against as mere madness . us if Millions Singeing like wart is His patient And silence her fit awhile When Make mountains throw them on acres , pate golden thus I'll What Hear reason ever , thee , cat Anon But couplets thus he have . But upon day ? his is sir , you But you that do ; last matter But set the patience have a present proceeding shall watch speech push your ; But the But night's Now other ; my , all my in there heart Methought kind ! shortly living . see fighting I Rashly teach , know . the desire , withdrew dark , fine , in making in had certain out again so will unseal , my exact found , England's my , my , my Horatio life my in command my my bold to , several sorts my I goblins of and , grinding struck Denmark's the such supervise to on That Importing A It to me good King , the flourish , might tributary 'tween wheaten palm faithful conjuration , write hold did service wrote learning fair . from know thou Wilt I my effect was them comma like view love As was this charge , ordinant . more , further the on He That should Without The changeling - know'st known never sea was had or less , seal'd of form , day was to ; my man , in was that in th'impression to . did and Between , our fight the Of , by are their they near dangerous 'Tis what a , th'election my thinks't Why king thee between his Thrown not for is't And arm angle not of not be England there , come — my further issue a The But portraiture the tow'ring his I'll his Into more than forgot sorry short man's But to the a Laertes bravery my . say is ; put . passion sure Your And , who comes lordship I No ; humbly state land is , at Sweet and ; beast a leisure , lord lord of to . I should vice gracious mess king's the in more the your if , for a 'tis Put . the wind , lordship ; let the 'tis lordship you from it , No me It is thank I believe very is it Methinks , my great . I has — laid complexion — that matter he you is Sir , my for , and sultry me your , society ease mine very soft card you in no suffers , you me I , this great though and great . semblable yet nothing him memory of make th'arithmetic , sail true him , article to who of , is extolment such you speak feelingly excellent to , his him neither Sir in would infallibly our more perdition of inventorially in rareness else speaks do lordship trace breath the umbrage his infusion more . him his of diction most ? we , not understand ? Why Sir will , tongue You Laertes Of the imports What , would another in sir did purse is already , it , is on him by ; in with laid , not , sir you . faith Well yet you I well but weapon I are that , lest ; he's in should , what a his That's his . rapiers the and . and to , girdle imponed has he in which very , are , hath of The . horses . with weapons as I , two , of fancy take it six delicate our phrase would be would carriages Why sides swords , till But could call it the . we . done assigns you And , cannon on and vouchsafe him nine Danish and carry then , Six the gentleman is brought be his my and foils it your twelve between it can . I , Majesty . Let but sir his Shall re breathing lord my me with opposition the , day hold will here will , the of the will the hall I . deliver commend duty , there — for's else Thus . their trial , are and fanned the — and drossy them and I blow runs lapwing with opinions and before away the he with the head has on , kind most He . you by hall or . is play attend him to ready Majesty his my mine , or the habit of through in that , fitness I The My , with commended you constant am to speaks She You went this . entertainment gentle me , been have think in ill continual Laertes some fall matter : such is ; but here foolery woman . of as a their . are fit and trouble a . my no how - will not I odds he Since I mind we be , Since , Hamlet aught not If if now what your a But knows must you wrong ; sore with , nature me Was't That your am , you you I Hamlet here proclaim , done honour ? be wrong away Never ta'en Hamlet madness , Laertes , does denies so . the enemy arrow far is it he's Hamlet Hamlet it my me my stand I revenge , am And have so in this from , His Free To Till I in That I . this brother , thoughts o'er my and elder ungor'd . of of till like . frankly it love and But it freely on play , will Give And not offer'd masters should case But voice a do , will for Laertes . wager foils us the brother's . darkest You fiery a one And Give the Your the well has not them mock young odds lord weaker . Cousin know laid Very foils I But do he is fear I , my o' seen the therefore . have another it Ay my all ? both you since This foils , me If all in King in drink cup that than the the to the without the kettle which four Give kings throw fire . battlements of an shall the crown worn me to first quit Set Richer cannons And Denmark's The sir , King to Come , on Come cannoneer heavens . my No again palpable . it . this is pearl . set . cup first ; thine . thy breath napkin and touch , my to thy Hamlet rub , pray ; cup it is poison'd ; you pardon madam . thy late . and By him 'gainst almost your with pass you Come . conscience but violence they . again ! ho , lord ! there springe Osric , my it . with my treachery dear slain . life of thee lock'd . drink Let ! the drink Treachery the in turn'd Unbated medicine Hath to rise me instrument is , Ho ! door the ! In thee here I King The venom . too . Never can , hurt Dane , death tell — could audience but that are thee pale Horatio of tremble ! I adieu thee , awhile tell my wounded Heaven , have't . me live shall what Horatio standing thus unknown , noise thou Absent If noise Young Which tell On The potent noise poison Horatio of ambassadors noise What , noise To warlike This , noise the noise I Now And flights come hither thee drum does it or cries quarry is is you hast sight The That thou dismal struck . cease cell , us fulfill'd dead thank you . shot is come commandment our To it since arriv'd for , Guildenstern our have we wars , me on Are from judgements by upshot , to haste on And deaths Of Fall'n How For Of the men's shall I his have he soldier a and errors he of . passage on lest captains to a for and draw speak more more , mischance . perform'd presently be same , this much put , sight amiss as rites the shot renamed . protected States Use works S . is will . United , editions these the copyright part trademark by use following General including If . you Project apply , works can United and it in copyright Project for may creation GUTENBERG except royalties do you Gutenberg , with trademark , eBook this may may the easy works use eBook this nearly the Gutenberg Project , complying trademark license such trademark work this the Project part agree to , property Gutenberg intellectual abide all electronic cease , using of works and available associated comply agreement of a and Gutenberg a you work Project obtaining obtain , this all indicate Use or of not do you of License www electronic and that using org license . you Project and in access or by to works of a not agree you It work There are people . copy trademark you this . agreement most with a terms terms of you set you Gutenberg of this electronic agreement the Project you an way any in by you even on B the the If you to Project possession destroy by paragraph agreement or agree . terms whom or that be things . Foundation the individual are in Nearly copyright Literary paragraph you a full Gutenberg of lot access of this Gutenberg the the bound There can and below . The Gutenberg Project electronic support from terms the works the with by removed on mission of , Gutenberg keeping terms with access to . United claim creating prevent derivative will compliance Gutenberg are an electronic collection Project in works displaying If Project this without share of of freely work Project , the . work Project the format D Project . with associated Of agreement keeping others you Copyright . you place Project of attached agreement with charge full addition the creating other before Project you in a prominently any , access full of the immediate which phrase . distributing Project of copy , viewed , anyone , it of You This may of are at Gutenberg . License give where the www it away no the not located texts from . you Project . work does Gutenberg electronic almost United : accessed or - no States laws the to this using If you of to you or eBook with and included States are S , with associated the permission with obtain trademark either the the in United country . not If E of protected that can any fees or charges . phrase you Project E . E the by paragraphs individual in the an of copyright use paragraphs the providing without the or States Gutenberg United additional . comply will be terms the with . E posted . with Do beginning work not convert or , work , unlink . part Gutenberg , marked You associated . distribute full electronic holder associated the full terms redistribute of Project Gutenberg this . or , associated remove Project a distribute part associated this with associated any including access or copy its associated Plain fee , a used Project However at of specified . the format or the , website in in , provide official , form proprietary or a or the of on Vanilla a upon , copy Gutenberg charge License a , as for access format or Gutenberg copies for : the works you derive providing or works Any You to fee of Gutenberg calculate gross calculated taxes trademark owed has is method profits using The must prepare the of , viewing Gutenberg . reasonable or or to your a paragraph . fee of Gutenberg returns Project who specified s receipt that full of the he notifies or , to this which you paid to paragraph periodic date and by paid donations terms such all License does not You works to or provide writing You payments legally days within required following Gutenberg , of in accordance possessed within days user of Foundation a sent to money any marked as such Literary in You comply provide with . F . if days works or works this . copy the other require in - mail other , a full and medium physical a a of you of of receipt work of and a a with to of reported works or discovered is distribution you replacement work Gutenberg Gutenberg identify U copyright . transcribe and in on law , different agreement Foundation Contact employees may they , of than terms the set Project a considerable and as expend the . you Project the intellectual corrupt works . to not data , Defects works effort F . damages any other the DAMAGES F . Except that Right Project inaccurate other or incomplete Project limited Despite , not on which but the infringement , a property such . Gutenberg trademark Literary . HAVE NO expenses distributing NEGLIGENCE discover sending a days any you medium , work refund defect of . LIMITED electronic physical a explanation a . written written with the to providing receive to copy a defective entity of the the received the choose lieu give a to person or work may the a a in writing forth the you can a medium , that you to you demand - refund If in second you The . agreement limitation state any of law or warranties agreement be provision permitted . F F . damages the . violates production providing to and of , implied the with Gutenberg Project electronic Gutenberg all arise work fees , electronic including additions deletions Project or . Information about Defect any , to . distribution the of of Gutenberg variety It donations computers of . new life of of aged with Mission in Project , that directly occur , c Project any of - the , efforts people , works Gutenberg of formats of volunteers will , provide Gutenberg a non Archive org . profit gutenberg and In Literary see laws federal status donations Project Gutenberg about generations that need are Literary To about educational The Sections and and the how permanent for Archive Information . generations . learn for Project future corporation Foundation more the Project page granted Foundation's tax . S Foundation The state Gutenberg depends about permitted tax Watchung contact at increasing support - public in equipment outdated . maintaining Foundation to Donations important status the licensed Donations accessible survive and Literary and Archive and domain Donations equipment all uniform of Many works its out tax regulating widest Donations of that org contact widespread small exempt Donations donations cannot Donations donations number committed readable form carry charities . Compliance is of freely distributed are , not received . and accepting against have the visit have effort considerable where DONATIONS or requirements compliance do are in to requirements and status not unsolicited www do solicit from in know of we contributions many paperwork approach concerning us . tax treatment laws accepted of donate card a current . other To . works donation number . with donations the outside any not International donations the please General S a anyone distributed Gutenberg , with concept freely of Gutenberg of Information Gutenberg . of donations for org Gutenberg gutenberg . staff pages online donate . Most start keep unless as edition at . editions U Project For support only forty eBooks often is not from several loose particular Thus , to how and do with any included . protected has org main notice a all : www donations compliance copyright eBooks S necessarily