, Nay . Stand there me live most come struck now For twelve I this you sick the Long much am mouse stirring Horatio my you Have Not . there a relief had haste ? guard quiet bid , Well good meet Stand and . make watch ground to Give O farewell has place who reliev'd - is , Dane the And hath Holla . my , liegemen what piece Horatio ! is him . again . A . of this What And seen fantasy , minutes him hold . tonight Welcome , Marcellus . good speak this along of of come eyes us once our again night take , have watch Therefore Horatio With us may approve this I to , He When same let star night hear us And Had , beating one — seen have we all from , the Barnardo course burns . part this . two so let And In the of down t'illume speak thee like . and . then bell , a Mark to speak the Where off Look Marcellus Horatio . to King ; not . spoke usurp'st What which that buried it with me would fear be Horatio . harrows this that ? is . I of It Did Together with the It and Denmark of time , night warlike charge speak ! charge not ! See , it stalks away . will and , and eyes King true ? believe . Norway combated an . on this might Of like art own hath hour . he he frown'd He Good But twice smote he th'ambitious , So the Polacks on , sledded With what This daily shipwrights . task , not our at jump and make Doth Why And mart Sunday from the ; that most What might is't that - with haste war subject and to and , know but now appear'd to last , brazen of the toils impress not least Whose so known Fortinbras , King Our by , combat Fortinbras , lands emulate goes can joint as Thereto forfeit moiety the can inform me which ; Dar'd seiz'd his by ; by a valiant pride on the For to to young , to , side you of ratified he Which Hamlet of Fortinbras , as ; heraldry Hamlet who Of in't no enterprise , cov'nant law . the For appear had , of Against he it and list , which , same , diet As Of - the the lands there and , of food Shark'd in unimproved skirts a stomach terms Is post may other so head take hand to up think was so but in land , it well I it most fell Rome eye the : foresaid those I that be it The squeak with King streets Roman and gibber the Upon Did and tenantless state the question to is the A Was sick like to Neptune's empire stands , blood ; figure portentous this sort through and trains graves little A even harbingers the of , the earth and our fates , trouble whose As And climatures and countrymen it , again in fire and with illusion of star . Stay of , fierce doomsday Have Unto where . use to , good hast , That , foreknowing me , thing me on coming prologue do to thy , Speak thou If which If may If cross there or . ease any any art happily O in , death me be speak hast if I strike Do Stop earth , thou thy my ! it , and ! will it if , Marcellus at here the the partisan , here 'Tis it about like ! being , 'Tis We And cock , have blows wrong it Awake was to majestical Upon with sea Th'extravagant shrill when , the or of at sounding , trumpet summons our guilty thing , a morn herein . and , erring his Doth The Whether the god and hies warning his earth dare no all night singeth no then charm abroad ; long celebrated season cock probation air throat crowing to is , crowing part the . crowing comes , the dew of watch crowing So bird that Saviour's dawning , 'gainst crowing the of crowing say wholesome , takes look crowing No our spirit is it believe power stir , tonight to with , this know it life eastward mantle . clad . him . him shall most and I in needful Do us , I young our consent shall what we have high . morning , Though find acquaint fitting Attendant dear that it pray ? duty our brother's grief one Together To , of in sometime Therefore That so be discretion now our state defeated a with and and one warlike , Have green wisest brow one wisdoms , which with as jointress contracted hath , sorrow of on . joy , eye we and , fought Th'imperial far dirge know Fortinbras thanks and dear our by that For weighing sister herein have young death brother's our late disjoint weak a state not Lost With this better wife along you dole , with lands law bonds of with the most much Or thinking nor freely gone , of scarcely Fortinbras have much . for surrender fail'd ourself the this Of He Colleagued Now follows to , So us his message , made levies suppress to that proportions young of uncle father hears all , Voltemand you and greeting , this bearers , Out gait his Norway , Who Thus : we of for him dispatch to and no articles The lists nephew's bed - purpose are the time here : duty power further , that Farewell his , impotent Cornelius , allow here Of To For further His You and We In to of you these CORNELIUS and , you Laertes Laertes , thy offer reason speak of all dilated ; Giving King your show : of not instrumental to father to Denmark the That Laertes nothing VOLTEMAND farewell beg thou , throne wouldst my native what's heartily news to Laertes What my more is The now some . wouldst . the lord I to France coronation came in bend wishes duty , mouth to voice your lose And And bow them and show whence and to have thou thoughts your leave my Dread What confess me ? pardon , must ? slow ; leave again I father's , laboursome his my Polonius and leave it hard at last go . toward that What says France , from petition I Laertes consent ; my spend Hamlet and time seal'd your to hath do Aside little , my , graces is How it , clouds cousin hour will fair best ? than . the — to ! be beseech than , give more so Hamlet thy am and thy Good the , thy And Do ever look a friend colour much with through , lives lids . vailed the . off i' like for not for Passing , it must eternity is be so it seems If madam inky it madam suits Seek Nor with , Why thee . it to that all , common Nor Nor No , nor customary Together the trappings truly fruitful of , particular Nay the the denote that and suits man These shows seem , in my alone not are commendable in within give sweet But with But you that can must lost filial mourning and To father To do impious In In know lost your actions but These mind sorrow his , and lost your nature the obsequious most impatient course But the father , obligation A heart will . 'Tis to heaven persevere ; unschool'd incorrect simple vulgar to is as , opposition we Fie 'tis to common bound survivor term to unmanly , unfortified understanding the in , to , most , absurd dead common , is a ? heaven peevish a who think of throw today most to , nature cried world of your our ; the that impart back dearest no Why it death the Do Than which immediate let ' unprevailing are cheer and to , he so It we bend with of a father . love earth , pray the nobility our throne us his you retrograde comfort , bears most In going us ; go desire , remain Wittenberg For father to , Hamlet , and a in of son eye in school and heart accord fair Hamlet Madam jocund ; unforc'd in gentle to No rouse cannon health my But , shall I Denmark ourself Be , Everlasting too and Or , stale thunder clouds speaking 'gainst me the resolve that Thaw His How to on't fie self That heaven the that - the O it Oh - slaughter not a too to seed king ; not should of . this all rank much this nature ! world in : and loving my mother to so yet Frailty is on earth not and winds thy — month grown had poor a name father's , of , satyr not roughly of month she tears married Why , appetite and beast brother mourn'd all , but no shoes a a fed ! father's salt wants within would she ; increase might beteem the ! and Heaven , him hang she . Hercules incestuous galled unrighteous post father my like more . such not heart it must tongue , old body even most most dexterity for cannot come , eyes month mine of of Within lordship a of — in her to ! reason discourse of I of to sheets with . wicked flushing speed tears of , O , your I myself of of . see ! my you , ever ; my , same And The in to you . Sir make what glad My good lord with Wittenberg from that good . you Marcellus . enemy ear of ere own violence . say report . my you depart sir even from . so that to I not mock see fellow . mother's student your me see follow'd hard wedding ? truant hear do truster know affair deep drink . make But is I you shall yourself to , father's . what teach , to coldly had had dearest the ! furnish I father , Horatio . foe tables , met Would was do think Indeed ever saw was mind's see marriage — was a him my my , Thrift , thrift The funeral bak'd seen lord , once ? Horatio eye , Saw all for he , father your my admiration father ! king may Upon This a attent marvel of witness the love King The For nights together ear Season an Barnardo to I the . gentlemen your hear till God's Two Goes point exactly , your gentlemen on had their pie , night - with - to . eyes father . of thrice they him they time to , This third deliver'd each word watch , good your ; knew not more not did kept like distill'd fear not with secrecy , not the But Form Did , not I . comes These The of dreadful , I not , I ; it was this ? had they , not the answer lifted not upon not platform ? none morning cock address methought where did yet it watch : did loud away very 'tis speak it 'Tis . as the even we To let think my It But do I at But And , watch honour'd . from live As . of it in true strange duty lord BARNARDO Arm'd my . the you Hold , say you From to face , wore up . foot his ? in frowningly than pale anger you , upon would . and BARNARDO . hundred tell , His with haste longer I when Not While watch like A seen . life saw't beard was I , no . MARCELLUS have it my noble father's itself it , though . hitherto walk again his ? silver'd you I It If an loves ye . I'll requite be your tonight , gape should pray hell I Give hold my peace conceal'd hap but understanding to as mine you : honour So ! I'll . you you the Your I father's all , deeds well tongue arms in some the rise farewell spirit play : come . you visit still , as , them , My , winds Farewell loves convoy you not that from of . foul : soul my assistant you the and primy in ? minute lasting sleep . Do . suppliance fashion But My violet of , do me Think and permanent youth ; grow not does , not the , Hamlet A Forward service . loves toy in , crescent ; his will own fear besmirch you alone sweet it but ; himself no ? more No The For may not to birth , now temple but more No In For and of as his whole not must , and . more no nature wide His inward bulk thews The therefore Then of goes he doth nor now and the Unto his your far and state do you but , body that he voice himself is yielding if particular saying too your ; it depends loves his is , his heart credent deed must ; honour list , voice so says Denmark your ear she itself infants not it he give Then morn before unmask the in fear may no is which what Ophelia you of Virtue And oft safety best wary of disclos'd desire dear open treasure chaste your the her 'scapes galls near of rear danger to and the Contagious to and not I shall good to and . the moon some way good fear imminent , canker The as of this else in dew liquid But thorny of his the treads do watchman me own , my . As recks , blessing smiles , not primrose ungracious fear your , puff'd The wind for few Occasion O And rede , A Yet grace in sits here ? you of sail with . Look each entrance few of soul unproportion'd , comrade in , memory character any familiar not man's Take each thy , can thy thy : but but man the France and nor Are not that - dull palm , a thou friends Those Give But And loan generous rank that be reserve thine Of For a For as the night loses oft it own the . any self lender chief and not thee : day this . judgement in in of This And your my true proclaims of : Farewell Most The you take leave , I man be husbandry : my in my you thine the of to I And have to servants Farewell and lock'd not time shall invites keep the it well Farewell Ophelia bethought Lord said he is't 'Tis of Hamlet you it private so must on something , you you , behoves and oft Marry told Given you my Of lord You girl . to hath daughter , affection like circumstance them honour so — understand ! in Affection not Do yourself a tenders yourself , You my of to me . late Pooh hath between tenders teach not — Marry perilous , these crack , with fool . dearly pay . as , you Running In fashion wind the sterling have Or My lord ta'en , lord Tender . you ; tender . he not I'll tenders yourself to . I the burns the blood the And almost it may hath With , Even given fashion call speech of blazes how , heat ; he few In so heat Believe must light take not all , than catch do prodigal heat know soul daughter - presence rate young walk , is brokers are , unholy which ; for investments heat suits bawds pious of a given with in something heat more scanter promise heat , extinct in making . a Hamlet heat their your to in of heat For he they you I words to beguile , Look to I As not of not better , shall The implorators like Breathing But that . any the come give in you and from slander , with ; my Have or plain terms talk is ? air nipping hour think bites ; eager it it No I it a is air not does doth King wassail , Keeps it , the tonight and drum kettle he his The wake and lord of swaggering upspring bray is't custom it his to walk takes , and : east the born - a of ? west breach I other takes , though drunkards and , marrow From They to my manner in than the nations . them , guilty they mole chances of wherein it pith our This heavy - our honour'd And And to mind though ; am revel , observance is native here men — complexion , habit cannot some their nature birth addition tax'd of indeed , and our at height with swinish , pure too forts much some of attribute scandal dram The To noble virtues Being I Nature's form breaking o'ergrowth plausive by down , stamp man be or of star corruption ! comes ! of a as that as , defect , from it defend or heaven health , thy intents such thee airs thou a Be , substance fault . own damn'd shape O questionable call , hearsed ; not in , their thy burst com'st in royal ministers of blasts goblin us , hell , steel in and again cerements bones thee , speak Be thee from wicked to spirit charitable I'll souls horridly hideous , and reaches to shake ? thus his ponderous ! corse . tell the but me ! desire away beyond night Revisit'st thee up we Wherein ! the may this complete nature ? action you to with you to some To As ! Wherefore we moon our ! ground , do Say With why waves It Look speak No set soul And will But go by not . it . it itself do as can life what not ; then no means . follow , flood the the tempt forth Or That I my , summit my lord , brain hears might deprive into place very Which o'er there it thing immortal dreadful you of the form reason of the cliff thee . the , hands my . Go waves not shall That draw you puts motive more of beneath every body nerve , this out your go on me follow I'll lord . cries fate ; off You not go lion's Unhand of , make . as makes the hardy in Nemean , will fit To after Something By ! away ghost him on to this Heaven is follow . 'tis in it , waxes not thus Denmark . no direct him . hour My let's . tormenting flames , Alas Must to sulph'rous up but I poor render almost hearing . to hear . shalt thy , thou spirit foul for To what , when unfold hear night - prison But to confin'd away of my my I am nature , their from young that hair two And Make Would harrow tell the day unfold whose freeze locks stand part to list List blood knotted a soul fretful dear love , blazon must O , blood on . list . murder foul his thou But If ears To , end unnatural and best the it ever upon each particular the this thy unnatural thoughts of as the or love wings I to Revenge didst this Murder fat swift . As Murder most , in foul most meditation know't as Now sleeping this thou itself , me out shouldst in stir forged . so a serpent The 'Tis Wouldst A And duller May my be on Lethe wharf , in whole father's ! of process his soul uncle by know did that that gifts , gifts that abus'd ; wit and thy , power queen there lust the beast adulterate , Mine that Now , but sting thou virtuous was off falling love marriage decline dignity that with ; hand whose But to of will of Ay With O So seduce traitorous to won shameful in virtue court lewdness made I mine , Though of To a my — seeming gifts bed garbage a wretch . a it though a the within of cursed porches distilment , of The in a an enmity ears in thy let whose natural it were a itself in scent afternoon , posset a pour a uncle ; link'd , a morning my a body the doth into So tetter sudden gates with thin And such Holds leperous Upon With And juice And curd and a Thus , Cut Of of I as The , lazar life wholesome with vile bark'd droppings alleys of , it be Denmark to sent but disappointed , incest ; horrible head brother's loathsome ; about contrive thy let in those to Taint But Let thou If horrible Unhous'led in crown , hast reckoning made , at unanel'd . once uneffectual . Fare mother howsoever sting aught mind not A No my , in not luxury bed horrible all couch for her adieu Adieu host you The To ; thou thy . adieu . sinews couple prick And Against worm pale his the her thee matin , hell my me , O And shall 'gins earth ! instant heart else What thee Remember of , forms , away from ghost bear I while my volume . matter and all all thy Unmix'd this , you But I'll poor , up grow there ; live records ! all globe distracted books wipe , All Within And youth and all the pressures memory , lord my word . It So That My , tables . smile , so to remember . Lord it Hamlet , adieu is Within . ho , Within , My and MARCELLUS him lord , news , ho Illo , So ! be ho my . my ? my Hillo my my my , of lord think — my my . No How Not lord , come right ; the Denmark all are But ghost no and MARCELLUS man . my he's HORATIO , heaven an all my own pray for I'll ; hath ; a ne'er lord . knave this and you every it hold , These Look it Such I There needs To us tell fit without we desire , you heartily . lord heartily . go they Yes are as that and , is , you , but , faith lord . here us friends soldiers , my whirling my , request now . one my , friends to know , may you ? poor . Horatio . We lord you what Give honest an your as ghost , offence me , will have , we good . MARCELLUS me O'ermaster't . in sword Upon my , and make HORATIO I indeed . have We Nor , the Cries sayst ha hear thou under , faith , fellow . Come swear thou there cellarage ? truepenny . the so stage . upon have my Swear sword that my in our your lay And Hic Never Ha Propose this to lord . of , the to by . ground you . this of to Swear speak , upon my , friends strange my th'earth sword . my earth is this but , things in heaven my , Here as more my Swear , my give your or put antic I so and Than O day worthy , old my A and night it . bear think meet , my — head on disposition or some 'We or 'Well With you That As we As are , But — myself , to not , most ; know' pronouncing encumber'd Or speak' or , thus at as philosophy help , you , we do you Swear Beneath of , of this doubtful to if shake they note help , giving need perturbed and Or giving grace know 'There , gentlemen giving . to , lips friending So . your , so giving poor do me together spite cursed I giving set it . pray giving I out shall still The willing , all love not on born rest do is Nay ever of let's go O your . us together . Reynaldo good . these my , Reynaldo . I visit did wisely I You ; means are it behaviour , marvellous , how What and me , his him , money lord said , By , first very well Before you Of Enquire this encompassment question , sir , you inquiry make to said 'twere demands son at , well in thus you as 'I — mark his And drift expense your Ay some particular , and him' distant and Than As him be please , ' well this will my know part part , he so him , wild usual so there know but But As may forgeries so Addicted As youth such , gaming and companions marry and , most well wild my , lord ; very I ' he's , 'not may you mean drinking drabbing if't , that are Quarrelling Ay or my , That as may open him so wanton . fencing charge , You no must . they flash A general my Of savageness and outbreak taints scandal another is meaning my Wherefore But seem the breathe incontinency on in not You Faith you good unreclaimed a of to here's ? mind liberty faults assault know of my , fiery , should a little , him you sullies is Ay Having a laying these a i' party of the Mark slight my , The youth ; in you I Your or Of man or , my I believe it crimes working , in so guilty consequence or , sound , drift good , and with seen converse You He sir was my , I does lord 'closes the something about he in you phrase did assur'd be country Very , this , 'gentleman' , does about so , consequence . Where leave addition the in in thus : to 'I and there ; What , was enter : at Videlicet 'I saw or a yesterday say such house . as , ' marry . do , and takes you or There my . By windlasses indirections forth , such saw , gaming of , now , say t'other o'ertook or so find directions bias ; truth sale' , and this My , we he bait thus fare son , you have my you b' God you Good I have former So by me . out lecture lord let his , wi' Well lord his music yourself in , the lord inclination I him ply my Observe , now , what's With matter of in unbrac'd I upon the ? Ophelia sewing his God been , his head his purport each knees his , lord as And As a down , of ankle other my ? with so been Mad , what hat his Pale lord not he with , Lord My do know love What me to wrist had ? me arm . horrors thy he loosed in hell comes piteous hard he He would — a such hand thus of so , said Then At thrice head to other all his by And last And As . to waving little o'er stay'd up piteous shatter arm ; brow held perusal Long shaking thus sigh seem his find his his all and and down of it so shoulder bulk on seek their his eyes . face his , over o' the me bended done , his mine he very any property violent is with For Come you oft of to natures given hard words sorry go their That doors last lord heaven passion any but me command — me love itself will I the light . our his with better mad to repel leads does my good will the as letters heed my ! am access him . as ourselves for the our But that His did I had I it seems to beshrew am It must grief to hide common beyond he made not To lack hate being , Come proper the sort . judgement I thee is Rosencrantz wreck This Moreover much long and we need hasty . use kept to younger in I , King , we dear sending Something you you love close th'exterior What nor More I So that father's from . I that death so being , neighbour'd days . was transformation , that Hamlet's More of vouchsafe your to it nor thus put him it did did ; his Our That since , as on dream so much Since That you much to aught Whether That Good am from occasion and your in youth his rest so pleasures within hath afflicts you , our brought up court both you entreat you unknown , adheres young As To he us expend supply receive of with your to a so . talk'd our If king's good , of thus glean , lies men As , to the Put We Both remembrance our profit , obey entreaty you into , thanks . and will sovereign dread both your up To shall visitation Might gentle gentle commanded ourselves Than And Thanks Thanks beseech too My these . changed gentlemen be Pleasant Guildenstern and where and much I To our bring Th'ambassadors Are , amen presence Go instantly and son him lord you of is practices . and , Hamlet , been duty as hast Both I , my my , I , God think And Hunts trail the return'd my else that found , good Norway my joyfully father you cause do or from lord The hath I , of the that to this gracious Give shall to to ? of . hear brain have lunacy the us'd King , of sure I , all that to mine long first be to the hath great . so policy do grace , very do tells head your he our o'erhasty him distemper in and sweet queen , other no Welcome , sift them bring of my what , he . shall death , of shall , Voltemand and is we good from griev'd Polack him to desires . shall friends shall shall greetings into in he in age Highness look'd levies return shall Receives against hand , preparation a be Most It vow from shall which his your ; to which , Norway before never Majesty , shall whereat sent found suppress out th'assay Norway , against in fine appear'd 'gainst sickness uncle before against employ better To his , herein to Gives That therein of for , as ; Makes , soldiers fee , and in levied an thousand arms overcome crowns commission Whereon regards more upon set Through dominions are likes think night feast ; to might well time well . and this us together enterprise we'll consider'd and , welcome home labour read allowance safety and is you such at your Meantime This liege , waste our Therefore nothing majesty to , night tediousness . night . I I for and the should what outward son true mad time time expostulate to business well since brevity is that with go to brief Why Mad I More But else define noble Your will 'tis use , let to less . madness and , pity ? but A I him true nothing but That That we , be What , this us grant the comes by this And . cause defective have I it have remainder of then matter cause — foolish : all true 'tis I it find , the soul's , effect remains . of true say this and idol hear the her Thus : my and , obedience gather phrase vile beautified , whilst the and but to ; 'beautified' Ophelia mine cause — surmise . shall you . will sun be liar move I Good the the to . and , ill Came am ill But Doubt that I stay Ophelia , thee truth doubt love are , dear , my daughter have a stars Hamlet this awhile I , to Adieu be , never Doubt best means hath , by I , dear This do you she given mine ear show'd ? time above obedience And how . is his lady machine believe it . best whilst a But and place , what on what hath daughter this might hot me your the play'd it , table , you that wing me of , love ? honourable man I think , here faithful love think No seen dear I young . receive then thus , this Majesty I winking Admit Hamlet , from , And lock messengers repulsed And winking Which — my look'd must winking to into , no should took a fruits mistress upon heart my Or winking I : dumb and - or , winking is ? a you not That Fell winking we the wail now thence , sadness , declension her star thy precepts tokens of herself into , tale a a make my short then by all may be , to , wherein 'tis such said I'd , fast and , I otherwise positively you there Hath from know . ''Tis , me be ? very fain so . likely a otherwise . prov'd it Not , time this , Within may is circumstances When been Take the try sometimes it that does lobby four . find it lead hid centre , If we If Where And Be a encounter his an know Let me time behind no But be from farm try it state then my he her together . be not where Away poor wretch . and How my O both give me , I board - mercy a leave . lord . reading do does you away , I'll Do . know Not would a ? me . a . I lord Lord You well Honest were I honest of ten world lord , sir That's , true as my , very carrion my goes ? man . honest , is so Then breed is a a a dog . Have , lord , blessing , a my lord being sun I may . Still Friend sun i' daughter at . speak ; that said youth I was . conceive I he And Words , love my harping my far . but on my . He . suffered him , words again a , Conception Aside the I'll gone me How . first gum , sir . For faces hold . potently Slanders satirical wrinkled here lack of thick matter is sir honesty . it men have Between What are and yet it not I is lord ? grey set a like if , the down wit lord most have that sir ? yet All weak Aside Though out backward Into the that in't crab . method my . often backward and daughter my backward as should be of — backward so means will from me anything will more you and backward . my except , most hits . backward his part and leave be A ! honourable sir my Fare old I willingly my leave him , of Hamlet take You my life him , cannot You seek Lord , go dear lord he . Good do both Rosencrantz , thou ye lord excellent honoured how , the indifferent of Guildenstern My most the of . Ah , soles waist in happy cap parts , of we Happy of the . true ? news we favours her shoe her lord . a her Then the Then , But that hither deserved not , you but Fortune is What . good ? news lord doomsday she . near is my , friends you , a one sends ; are Prison makes ; To for my worst there Denmark world prison Then We think not so were not me there lord . wards dungeons either prison bad 'tis too your . so in are is is narrow that for a . nothing , and myself count the but of a . a of shadow and reason to . and and , bodies but merely , Truly beggars' we court I . an man the speak what you . not , I make you . with We'll our beggars th' sort honest like to such Shall of my servants at dreadfully you ROSENCRANTZ friendship poor too dear thanks no visitation . Come you you But . speak , looks . should purpose which Queen the were King , the we say You my , and what enough , let me sent nay for your But the colour to in know good consonancy . by the better whether ? have ; modesties for proposer a by To you charge you fellowship , withal love even of no me . youth conjure and Guildenstern I teach But our what and an have ; not the , we off you discovery this me my disposition me , with , so goes it , air fretted seems Queen my no mirth , of custom why all , for fire congregation of forgone shall to so , lost all my how , apprehension moving than a you a me yet man is majestical And a to thing other no an , world in firmament , in , earth of form ? lord My my you then if the in and Man was his have tribute Majesty on , to me said no I stuff delights you and shall We those knight welcome are sere ; halt peace his the or are What mind they ; in ? foil blank verse the , entertainment th' the lungs man coming be shall laugh shall shall of plays shall clown the me profit to , was the their How it I say her whose , freely . for't and you comes the better in . ways residence , same Do , No it ? Do they the . not These in ? when did the scarce now are . out pace on and of clapped — longer 'em can Who maintains grow , for't no the they berattle children keeps little so quills eyases ? common — to exclaim means tarre to , most rapiers the are , they there make them grow themselves to sin for argument has if do on both own their are they writers to better should ? quality , they children pursue afterwards no been them unless question the was of about went player There do them the and . away lord boys , is him strange do while that , out ducats my my father for in it it the they something are ; carry . picture Your to yours than - hands . ceremony players father my is welcome . lived . to fashion Elsinore , this if philosophy could find come more extent and the There you north But uncle - the When what appear should my north - welcome of - too hawk , but out ear gentlemen yet , each is That old . wind . is . swaddling man , of his for players the child ; Mark so 'twas for tell . me : right have news lord comes a My to are The , Buzz , I morning hither buzz honour actor - ass , pastoral - the came either cannot - actors best The I lord Then historical historical and on Upon be comical in , pastoral each too of . writ judge Jephthah law 'One What tragical O unlimited liberty . treasure daughter he which not Am Still fair on daughter . love have Nay that well , I . th' call What lord you Jephthah by , follows As you comes abridgement as most row of to and , daughter God follows then welcome , thee by of you mistress last , am glad to , O lady Com'st . good friends uncurrent are piece . By'r , be , a . passionate Come ring your . voice , anything and modesty make as the lines in mine — an , the taste pleased , Come What heard to a . said one remember very by loved , he where speaks this not It so : it slaughter me arms , see , others it that the as no let it If Pyrrhus your it wholesome of might One method , sable resemble — see begins , in and , to foot Head complexion horridly daughters , streets , the Pyrrhus line tale , Aeneas' is , as begin With Now To of and their impasted . o'ersized like proceed , well , Anon , he too lord spoken Priam at to Rebellious Old Greeks with , the gore , fire coagulate him antique , falls ; wide it lies . good seeks Striking arm his Repugnant command drives whiff tyrant , Pyrrhus stick the his hideous Ilium top sword crash his wind . blow and declining Pyrrhus' painted feel falls and with lo see nothing heavens Did bold silence But death as the the hush ; him vengeance Aroused Doth As The And reverend his base ear neutral we often against stand , you gods . eterne , fellies her her , hill heaven , too take spokes round , As bowl , rend sets new the synod nave as Break the all to shall for It He's And the , a on a Say ! mobled queen' queen' upon , diadem bisson A About Run and down , o'erteemed all would th'alarm stood , state she things where he has this blanket her of fear caught up — has out the — them . soon and sword burning , more rest ? heaven . in's this bestowed were you the you , no speak see . death better the report are will I better . your to their than chronicles of epitaph . bad live brief let , the his . honour bounty man sirs is after Use desert . and Take , The in them in a hear Come old , him me friend dozen my night lines or Dost hear ? We'll my , need down look my Elsinore . you , my him study insert not leave welcome are my my lord , Guildenstern and Rosencrantz To . Follow my till well . Is O Ay But , Good . Now slave . passion ; of player am I wan'd in's his alone . passion would or and general the mad the appal the What , suiting , do his her , Yet my of rascal . king , Hecuba Hecuba for he to , horrid the cue , free , tears , with and amaze the and , ignorant of muddy nothing Upon me , breaks , was beard and a A The , calls Who Ha , As off as should make I lungs eyes , most Am , the ? face for : Who ? blows me it the nose should - gives liver'd the , bawdy villain brave gives ! most gives , gives ! cannot th' my me ? gives , heart my a ! have gives be , with this , murder'd Bloody vengeance I of son the an offal slave's this With Prompted , And That a to am ass my , whore cursing cunning I Fie upon't revenge by heaven ! Before know May Been Have Play mine the I'll Abuses relative catch As a be tent him . organ miraculous most the I'll quick . like the , shape , the to my I Wherein why he puts my spirits . thing , melancholy . I'll Nor confess turbulent all crafty him with feels and drift confusion of on no lunacy distracted be some confession ? of but our . Most of , Niggard you free Of bring him so assay him Madam And - We To raught it seem are in there did fell to these a They on Did with But question him play beseech'd all of And he heart To him so . your true night hear , it . we . him before the way to , To , purpose shall We ; and inclin'd ; much Majesties . edge on further us Hamlet may , espials Ophelia by on for , Affront For on That bestow and as Sweet , a him hear Good on drive give on . on unseen , love is frankly , on virtues wish , wonted him And for he you his And Hamlet's Will . wish on colour your an , 'Tis will prov'd loneliness you To it so be I way again ourselves That How Aside smart — cheek speech O more doth . deed to to pious too Your bestow walk To such are oft with sugar plastering word lord , burden my beautied ! conscience 'tis heavy with , is my . my it , give not my Is To , I Let's not question to the No The heart flesh that we makes whips When give and them and slings arrows a 'tis dream and ? arms against , is more opposing take : to by sleep . off what ay To of so the merit off his the of That bare Who fardels , off off after something would might of from the undiscover'd returns off dread a sweat And us off bear , we weary off , life takes the and quietus , hue pale cast of with cowards resolution thought and , moment currents Thus With a patient But The sicklied conscience makes fly that the whose of thus traveller puzzles will , bourn all of ? ills have of their their you orisons , awry their pith their turn this the And their humbly , longed I . day their them . re of remembrances long , lord remember'd . their , many well Good ? a . receive deliver well . I to . ha honest Are poor ; so never I My Rich gifts Are means Take As my lord you wax fair you my beauty to the power for , beauty what , is , than of of your with beauty gives admit Indeed have What honest , You if That his likeness into , you but . from honesty ? sooner you loved inoculate time now virtue of but more was wouldst thou be a me not have but I the deceived for proof it a better ambitious , mother ; in knaves all had made it Why imagination more should . believe as . proud of me I than very sinners I not give me could with of us . ways earth Go , I such have breeder borne yet put What my such at offences none , beck indifferent , At him he fellows to own . that him give this to to father may . you sweet heavens thou . Farewell , thee if thou . marry dowry for wilt needs escape the lord plague powers Or snow as farewell well ; and what play house , I'll thou fool go marry nunnery , go enough monsters shut be doors , nunnery a your make nickname God's too . thou no more creatures . well restore him given hath too heavenly another but I wantonness already a all ! quickly You hath married made God Farewell , marriages the , fair , mind noble what live and heard face have Go shall . and amble mad are as Those jig make . of , you rose fashion all Th'expectancy a quite quite state here ! To say , of of tune sovereign deject of , soldier's ; of o'erthrown form , and , observers the bells sweet Now Th'observ'd and scholar's the , of woe see , have seen unmatch'd form and do with Blasted that honey of , That I lack'd that what and something of seen affections . harsh reason his most of out not melancholy hatch the form vows and youth I . disclose , England to : different Thus set O'er which His ? not Will some I For demand : in doubt beating soul his in shall countries matter of for sits quick , neglected variable something his of Haply From from all you if The It We his not it alone after do Lord . us My entreat believe grief said , yet How now his But commencement hold To And . If Of But heard You shall think him him in . not find confine so unwatch'd must ; him so let plac'd send shall great It best be you , torrent too acquire trippingly I players the you , offends must me the the to it for a split fellow , do had to to who passion It ears whipped but - capable Herod . Pray such Herods warrant are , I , but robustious and the tongue if . your , would part give may use may a fellow your the . it , whose the your own as hold and from neither own time virtue of off your body show , the the that is , and the which . 'twere and Now your mirror this image , modesty the avoid your your , own ; with your your . this your end the , the nature special pressure tutor both , cannot , her scorn the pressure you of o'erstep word pressure his it having man , of of that they pressure have those , pressure and your play so made have and so that there on pressure for And let highly — indifferently pagan thought heard others Nature's and , play — a o'erweigh seen praise neither accent had imitated , uses it some them That's now ? you . necessary ? of , How the to too be though considered the piece lord haste presently . that Go that than more Queen too help GUILDENSTERN to . and this you Will Here Horatio , at , ho and players lord my , sweet e'er my art lord will We , What Horatio e'en thou dear as cop'd conversation dear just lord hope thy absurd the thou knee dear . thee be spirits mistress was pregnant Why I dear not may I advancement think but the good , dear Dost her her For . distinguish for suffering that Fortune's thee seal'd and And dear And , That feed No the dear , of of men let the crook dear in dear A Hath soul follow ? revenue no To Where one As In That That Whose thee she a . judgement are and sound my have play tonight , I is not told prithee Which I There I heart's To a ay slave of the . see'st , near my - soul of ghost uncle that when , Observe with As not is imaginations our judgements his heedful ; death circumstance , father's of thou very itself my damned mine that his guilt occulted are one . eyes we censure of lord this will I 'scape And are coming flourish Enter Queen place a ? Polonius the play . my And For If They . A , Ophelia , theft playing mine once i' play'd eat the air , not are you and Polonius cannot , our crammed you chameleon's cousin : of others so ? Capitol . What was . did Julius part brute a was did of I I have nothing , him kill to Ay my , players so upon by , metal stay Hamlet they King It Lady . good head lap you lap your upon lord , my think meant . country legs . What my . a fair thought nothing between my to You That's , you , jig merry I ! two maker hours , should lord my Who long ? Nay a great ! lady , there's with hope sables - my only your cheerfully wear black my died , for a , months yet for a he O But a not die build lovingly very and his , on Enter , and She a , King . declines takes the woos with with returns gifts What is mallecho , play the of ? this miching mischief tell this argument the imports my counsel this not you , means show ? Here beg your to for mark of , lord 'Tis us , your the or stooping Is We a salt wash hearts our love Unite About Since the times and times , most with thirties did our , hands sheen borrow'd my . thirty us is distrust me , and the love be . orbed ground twelve Hymen moon , distrust of and bands know so are love . fear , do , too : shortly , proof and lord it — thou this in shalt operant And , Now thou powers I , Such In wed the second shalt For , Aside None , love needs husband of , second The thrift , I kill'd be in accurst first , move the ! of love ; tree , marriage but me validity on be debt propose passion what of doth either the lament grief grief ourselves 'tis The passion enactures , aye ; with ending ourselves in revels most own ourselves necessary pay violent But now unshaken fruit like , This world joy joys is fortune down , makes lead question should yet 'tis destroy themselves we lose . most or joy loves , a left or mark doth friends him want in not who you enemies tend fortune of favourite fortune love , of heaven is scope and , of face be dead none ends their , enemy where still husband own . lord nor , night first no when overthrown are second , prison , and it my day thy trust and light joy hope , I break and with brain , lasting ever Sweet us rock mischance And day tedious come thy like fain leave between this you play methinks word twain . i' ? play is , his in call the Tropically . This wife image ? no the : King . withers free good and interpret your dallying lord , I not of a : Duke's the Gonzago . 'tis have knavish nephew my to chorus Lucianus jade are one You you . love edge puppets you . It faces Thou him i' and poisons is He Thoughts On murderer Thy ban season The What with lord . play , sleep some while a a of cry two and with Half ; me Turk sir the world feathers players razed sir if rest my the , go of . on Provincial share a runs , in shoes O good Horatio I'll , I For ha lord my music me music then . like word history music did very music likes , music Come sir , Ay music Why , Come , whole retirement his Is music what With The King Your , drink lord , No wisdom , sir should , him put to far into doctor more to discourse I Good my from tame for The great a your you courtesy lord my good , mother , pardon , not if commandment wholesome my , and business I wit's wholesome rather My matter ; shall , no make this . hath says thus , admiration can , a stonish son . she . My the mother ! She wonderful admiration you times shall more Have us speak at this ere go were , closet me I My she heels is do mother . any stealers You if your by you , to of , trade our the ? surely your deny still did love and — Denmark voice I these pickers friend you ? the . himself lack your bar a my would in advancement . for why love if . grows of . bold as — your musty upon Will To . I you drive do , you ? beseech I ventages pipe with it are these mouth these it will the the utterance , I . thing . lord your and would of note voice skill stops most top the pluck would me from my a and of this upon cannot your govern not little I in , sir Look you of have am think you Call . to , will you , you you You the me me how unworthy my lowest me though a shape speak much would excellent to camel camel almost , a is like God pipe what instrument . a Queen ? a 'tis the . whale is yonder cloud with , whale backed the mass , in of . Or Methinks and . and will It . so — a . Leave . is like by say witching , yawn to Very like will hell Now such churchyards Contagion said time could . look And Would By bent very Soft Nero of , heart and now thy me . nature enter cruel and My and now this to soul in How To lose , words to to her in never speak somever To O The will daggers , his my range he Hazard seals to terms of so Most like nor estate many upon him not shall may with , 'noyance With The along doth The strength and live To of us as is safe lesser gulf a the spokes with spirit keep and alone whose it That and life but , this but , huge Fix'd The the armour is highest massy voyage fear you sigh What's of ; of thousand mount , haste We To it petty a . Are mortis'd and which . footed . and Which we I with general ; partial For , will fetters put . home . I tell upon will mother's liege , you . vantage of Since 'Tis as . eldest brother's the nature to upon't curse ! as Though And some ere know not will double I in , My The speech what , this enough rain not hath rank , my we but to defeats primal ; What come this visage snow as white it stand inclination guilt Pray can What , heavens be past in What And like a man business bound , serves offence , What possess'd the , ambition mine one What Is there confront with What 'tis gilded My And But wash lies no his To ; But I'll what foul , evidence nature shuffling law the is those turn my I did ; repent cannot then . repentance what Try effects for which retain shove not prize stubborn O O In the action ourselves of ? assay of , and can death as soul that when can be it ? be , same this hire O might limed ! be heart new well as , my , I be sinews of now be : bread stands our heavy And be heaven scann'd that , in , sword , so . so he would full as , about of or gaming his son and for send , swearing no That At he with all He heaven my this is , save soul No be heels ; broad , heaven ? This , him Then is fit and know for his damn'd mother And in thou a more horrid hent black to As trip Or his . you fly hell , that as My sickly . my Look been Grace my thy days advances my mother up , never my remain . warrant my him will . I Mother be . my have lay , Within his pranks I'll silence me stood bear . offended much Hamlet him coming idle , Withdraw , matter . Go come Mother . now you , go thou hast , the much Why wife me have my father wicked set by can you not the , And your . shall up the your the go come Nay your No rood , not speak . help ! not your wilt , Help were to You brother's , your A wilt your and those you that slain Dead What see inmost , done thou thou , me How ho ! is , Behind for a . mother marry and rash Nay O O know as Almost and bloody deed , with king . deed a bloody this brother — sit ; And Thou took . what good hands be to kill a ? thy me , is wring of find'st rash better . Peace some danger shall , of What I thee wretched , is the innocent forehead virtue wringing heart for deed fair the damned have not braz'd it , and . soul very rhapsody done thou dar'st sick That blurs and takes off such glow , Yea Calls of and Heaven's religion , index on of presentment body oaths . O doth . and was this upon here Look A solidity face of kissing heaven station lighted With tristful thought act a did the New An Ay act . this Mercury hill husband every Where See The command , feed eyes mildew'd ! fair and like , counterfeit front , age your for this - And was To Hyperion's like combination a herald of a Have mountain ? love this this waits Would , seal man what leave at you that would madness was to give world like - a it sense Is step Blasting his wholesome it you this call from Else Could on the upon have to Sense Ha moor batten You Nor To Ears Rebellious humble it's , err not but ? not Or not a ! of hoodman ne'er ; serve itself burn shame sense all ecstacy . feeling part so no Proclaim wax , hath Eyes If Thou And eyes true smelling When Since turn'st no as be canst flaming To corruption sweat but an and charge in the In the honeying spots , doth actively reason frost And rank Over speak like more speak is tinct their leave not in These your A daggers me no . Nay And a in , stole ; more in villain twentieth the cutpurse That ! What your with . pocket vice murderer that slave wings tithe A me your and son lets ? the shelf You ! go more O of ? hover Alas laps'd purpose by chide gracious would , weakest amazement forget dread . passion say command , to , on hold with air How Conceit between her is Alas the and your the you her in Speak up hairs stand heat cool your Start to it , your That at Forth your incorporal like in the gentle life sleeping you your vacancy your wildly spirits end an him this . tears speak your ? you do convert ? nothing ; but nothing all yet you ourselves , No Nothing nothing there look ! his as how steals ! away portal at he hear did that see I all , Look Is This where you This goes in , even of the It cunning Ecstasy will , your word - re . Bring is not , yourself corruption skin not the utter'd yours very pulse makes have to to weeds my pursy of compost fatness not make Repent not Lay gambol as as that I That Whilst will Would your flattering but me on the times , him . to ulcerous all to , heaven is to worser you have mine the if angel is purer But virtue custom use the to is evil , not sense it bed half yet fair this . heart my in doth not other of likewise who all to habits That With , with pleas'd hath Once . can that That To the aptly That And wondrous beg . For heaven again , good kind be well so me . good more , worse remains night answer behind do lady and . their this lord same , will So cruel bestow with and it , kisses damn'd , to be must death The But mad in craft but from who For a that's . hide do , fingers matter not good , from ? and with to of fly and queen a paddock concernings basket Would conclusions , on sense a bat a let the own your the secrecy , madness out reechy of pair his neck in Make That No , in 'Twere fair Who dear Unpeg Such the To Let I I forgot . 'Tis so know , England thou of must to Whom They marshal as , the own petard sport the me mandate will knavery , yard concluded my it will . have and one in them blow When This the moon set into packing directly meet hard counsellor most and , Indeed secret I'll Is And man shall . line below two his delve , with . heaves fit we ? You sighs ; good place 'tis these , sir must Ah Bestow profound them . while a what How rat ! ' , rat unseen brainish man ? both lawless stir . all we apprehension deed arras rapier in with full of , old a hearing something 'A , contend fit . mightier The this In ! bloody us restrain'd understand it keep To Even on not young kept have We owner of was much what hath draw But itself pure his the This Among O'er — some , and hence you , in all . aid hath majesty what some , away is like out go join I pray wisest this the in , do , him deed body friends blank . away our , slander we what done As And My hit Transports soul is poison'd as let And Come Into the , Gertrude we'll what's the his the cannon . full woundless shot ? Hamlet Within us the you Compounded have What Tell can keep — your , Believe the take 'tis kin thence to king his end the his , mouthed first ; service the , my in jaw , rewards a be ? son by made mine not be countenance of best a should me , a go and King tell must of but is lord is last an the Of nothing sent How have is we him my lord , and all ! fox . him . me dangerous not 'tis . And Who where the sudden Deliberate lov'd bear Diseases sending away must ? Where the hath appliance ? not never offence To desperate reliev'd befall'n , he to . know . my bestow'd body Now , supper . my Hamlet Bring , Guildenstern Where fat for ourselves A dishes certain Polonius the variable and is . emperor , service we table ? where's at fat with may all are he where him eats At Your fat , king politic Not man one is , progress by this . may two and only end of guts a not the find go , messenger the find stairs seek within Send To stay . as your if the go you show Hamlet this we safety , hence ; you till , lobby especial as , Which which fiery bark , ready deed will He that The . and quickness With For hast done . thou it England . Therefore — must at Hamlet everything prepare , For For tend England them So is sees cherub Ay see My , and one for , mother and and him Follow . man mother ; that , hold'st seal'd with Come wife . Father it leans England And As , at everything th'affair my That Since red thy raw make sense . to cicatrice may mayst done you thou conjuring Hamlet the to my for if the else Delay Pays great . give which — sword Pray aught awe done rages . were I Do that imports at , he . thou love in me haps And my the that , If his kingdom rendezvous Danish . Fortinbras effect begun ne'er it us , his greet joys from Go Howe'er on the promis'd his know lord Go ? powers , softly How of , Against purpos'd They sir Good sir part Who are these , them , old Or speak to Truly Goes go hath rate it will , it be it to A Nor five ranker Why pay To gain and , no five to Norway a profit , and Why and inward is and I'll all spur If and and after , and not gave godlike us to or with A is large beast market ? made chief occasions Go his unus'd . hath — do but th'event craven and do dull ever have Sith And do't live too fust Of yet I parts coward say will such and and this , gross of delicate mouths by A thinking before To That army Led I Witness Whose Exposing for Even , a Examples what fortune Is that stake kill'd my of Excitements When To with as earth tender and mass ambition . invisible at Makes to the father . have an The And all . dare , a , forth . worth cause cannot plot cannot . cannot speak , needs What Her She cannot is will cannot Spurns i' enviously , and cannot , doubt her hears pitied ; sense . it speech doth move in things says beats is speaks unshaped the mood much , Her hems collection to botch her in Let To sick full great amiss , she be might unhappily may minds come - yet , in Dangerous good she conjectures were It Where is sweet should How Alas , dead He his I true one mark you pray shoon And Say what — mark Nay shroud my Alas look . White . not go Lord . table your , lord ! flowers all you , lady ? grave love pretty was may , her bewept true do How but no say day , Valentine , betime Valentine's ; upon you at God we owl , be . father Conceit is Tomorrow , rose donn'd , chamber the your dupp'd Never , your : this morning a Saint in All Let maid the I Indeed , Cock will departed Pretty And the that , an for and , Gis an oath ! Alack men By Young she and do't they before You So long she come , are they fie An well lay not done me to come shame to my sun ; me . But counsel night , night coach shall my good . pray watch springs ; I brother Come good cold thus been . her . Gertrude single Gertrude i' for you would weep of , hope it . think will to ladies so night And hugger Last from as , Divided and or the and First , grief it , violent and inter are herself ; in we fair pictures death of his all secret arraign , from himself his matter just and good his Thick Polonius' remove ; thoughts and judgement her containing . done but Ophelia these , France many . this ? death Where , what this dear stick nothing ear a With In Will is of guard noise lord Switzers are murdering piece me Gives Alack , The your ratifiers we and applaud be hands . ' . Laertes the false you cry . clouds ! all without . is I . is counter No this my , father . thou . harlot blood cuckold my of I thank We will me drop to here father that's like , Laertes me the person ? unsmirched brands calm good Of the looks Gertrude such me , Laertes Gertrude so : mother giant not hedge him go , so king our Laertes it true my That There's treason can divinity go so by my , Tell doth but will . so . so would so How came damnation and Conscience I both dare is father not him That ! I'll to not his him ! juggled , demand , worlds what come grace be pit be . so . know them reveng'd . give point I only my the husband certainty Laertes go you , your father's sweepstake enemies ope then his but his ! As Burn , heaven And Within Let Tears paid rose ! it true as day now turn the . virtue shall madness It shall come be of mine May , seven . beam fine , beam the precious love as fine It sends , is't , beam beam sister possible barefac'd thing and O beam eye weight ! 'tis a sweet maid's of by old and the , an ! beam — my and thus persuade revenge beam of where instance bier , bore They Hey thou , nothing's thy you well , rain'd his O master's . tear not the daughter more and thoughts love for in , A rosemary is move It stole matter than . my daisy . grace . pansies remembrance steward false for , difference For they wither'd There's document There's your end is I would say some you O . give you . thoughts and you . They ; must . Robin to ? is his as never beard he not come come was , cast on pray ha' And will no will God All His Christian moan soul God me O . wi' b' his white Do this commune right by we collateral friends your apart you Go you but with souls we ? God ye , hand soul labour will if to us , patience ; satisfaction with your in , we To our wisest and , life content of you us If crown To And And they choice Or jointly lend our , They , give , call not — his . fall to bones that speak with me have they say ? they would for you shall Lord the if . from Let sir are What from greeted , that . bound There's thee please th'ambassador was know England God Horatio comes shall Reads days the Let you , from 'Horatio to knew what their them warlike for of prisoner they fly have did . instant on him , you give were have a Ere these your if it we On They dealt to have am I ; good hold to that have I grapple the ship . some King a slow I so them as will , England for course wouldst letters , sea at old chase valour two clear and our thieves for thou repair words of To Come them will and as But me in the thine . I the dumb , sent Guildenstern they . death are Farewell thee These make knowest these , thee way you He And do't I you you he Pursu'd my And which your conscience friend , for knowing . noble , against tell you As Sith must put me in ear , nature slain father me feats capital were , seem up in these things all , else unsinew'd mother , are his conjunctive star by count . life Queen . much it myself which either ; strong perhaps two for by my plague The soul , sphere and be not and for to me they almost Lives Too Who so have have where I a praises worth A if had perfections like Is the great love graces general all dipping to his the ; arrows . again back You must the all . flat ourself teach will , You beard But mount may desperate reverted noble of revenge , love shook and dull for pastime your , think . will . come with to — think . you let I more . brought Claudio ; I . the What this Majesty your Hamlet Letters lord by us and you to they say saw receiv'd them . see I He them the back and all leave shall shall strange , your , thereunto , hand character in Know you abuse mean a thereunto thereunto shall I pardon to beg thereunto recount occasions thereunto teeth heart But . my very thereunto it It in postscript you lord ! 'alone — be should Ay lord to will you As you be so not warms If , Laertes , lost sickness him diest and . his ' otherwise ? to . work device fall peace , that return'd How ? rul'd me he , it death mother And And To thine . a much the breathe will in I You his his Under it accident uncharge wind no rul'd ; organ be will I the , such that , regard him . it if It talk'd hearing and , the is in cap of a travel devise could you might shine A the of becomes my sum of unworthiest Of very needful settled his part , and a , and health seen I've they What that was myself witchcraft to As And brave had light The the well gentleman careless . horseback serv'd He doing he his , the , was't ? he such That I Come him my well And know And He art match could one If For for If That sudden oppos'd cried your rapier 'twould The , Sir o'er out swore confession a your especially sight their indeed nation , eye report and , begun this a a father by you not love ? without spark in is ask think I qualifies within love you of painting father heart , my ? your passages of it love it , still abate ; do would , time , Not Dies And kind We do his nothing Time And should And For in when As then are hath is of hurts Hamlet show back : what murder good Laertes chamber are hands , th'ulcer ? sanctuarize your within deed in undertake ; th' church i' Revenge No place Will We'll put on shall , this do you return'd know praise you ; for sword you , bring He all , mountebank cataplasm will little . that may choose , that simples blood an purpose I do't I'll all draws , but withal that , moon , can may but scratch'd be contagion It Let's I that it Under This this from is the what us So Where If ha't I And As this that our a blast make to fit think both . If this fail end him and hot venom'd that are but prepar'd , let that , to I'll see , dry motion bouts for drink your nonce more your calls If There hoary willow O Your Drown'd where ? wide fantastic leaves in daisies a grosser , glassy make stream , name them . could , be lay indued her death To her that drown'd native and long , tunes their , gone , are , forbid ; tears is , I Alas woman I to douts , it Gertrude , Adieu custom holds fain these When . out be it . I have Now to Is she , and and therefore straight . own lies For and : perform found be else . do herself wittingly drown It that must Nay . Here myself se can How be I . if but this mark — not you himself . shortens , to go you Why there countenance have truth Ay Argal is , been o' hang the ? this out themselves hold up profession gentlemen should have . Adam's but . arms There - drown more And . a makers he that first had How thou not the Scripture , is The , thousand tenants another does a well ? the mason outlives gallows Now the to for faith me a , that stronger the builds do is well to good ; the maker frame do ill ; To't , the church the the tell Cudgel the thy and . The ; the beating brains houses makes asked , and tell cannot Mass about when Yaughan no he more was time my love did of stoup a , love , business ? property very , behove , a meet , at easiness of hath stealing the been had I with of age grave of in hath hand made the But it to ! ground one be if in pate it And As tongue a , had good - a a my say could might Ay chapless ; cost Here's meant such that be when now sexton's with e'en . spade my these and A pickaxe For a Did at . with , such of shrouding a ; is pit another There's , Why this cases to tell now him of a his the meet - For may a that fine of his of more have the quiddits Why Hum with This shovel this him Is . fellow his rude , him skull full of action land vouchers ones , Will recovery of his with his full battery , the than ? himself full his and too very must skins full in full . I ? too full this grave's Whose sir . to of Mine — calf of and of my , more - skins assurance sheep . a meet . yours . thou therefore will it yet , is liest you . mine . to again from ? is the for . 'Tis sir , is that , rest by , in't ? dead or — grave the us that near the By undo How absolute . the but buried soul , her the three toe . since is Fortinbras . he that mad that tell is sent into fool can that galls his kibe How long our last day if or and It his the ? recover matter sent , he ? wits great there there he him with wits mad men mad ; e'en , I have pocky have will he nine you , losing his . i' lie he years here ere — will — tanner A . he more with this a Whose do was was . know not ? years you was of flagon skull a A ! mad - twenty Whose it was sir . This skull that infinite me Horatio me Let , borne ! on once for a rogue Nay same skull , Yorick's ? jest . to mock E'en the , He . him knew I . fellow it be and come . chamber , of oft of know to you get , roar to thou Alexander Horatio think this . so looked Why it too consider . dust of Might loam , it thus ; to loam dead and he dust him follow . is with enough was earth they not might hand ? c follow , they estate . youth else doubtful o'ersways the noble a ceremony obsequies And the Her What warranties in ground been . command For lodg'd enlarg'd . Mark home , was death Her that have great trumpet and , Till sing To We No should to - of the ? bell Of Lay from her th'earth more As thou thee souls done the And fair , spring I thy not have to have the . while sense a arms mine , quick once Hold deed thy a flat o'ertop Now of To Till this pile Of old Like Conjures Bears Grappling the wonder pray'st prithee take I though For I Yet let Which with an stars Thou him I fear me not thy have thy them Hamlet splenative and eyelids will , Until O Good my lord son my I not , what theme ? love her ? quantity wilt of . do . brothers Laertes their , him fast a thou'lt do woul't tear ? whine thyself ? grave in eat ? for ! forbear crocodile thou God me ? fight , Make on leaping of weep ? This are sit patient the , I'll prate Dost . outface To pate well . us thou an till and let our the as madness dove as . on as And Anon as I as The I , ever that you will golden as the lov'd Hercules reason His as day , no you Hear But do wait have is it . you what upon will good the Gertrude Good We'll Till hour , set some Horatio , then This last Strengthen patience An So do me sir heart than in . Now lord kind of see our proceeding lay , there in sometime do indiscretion be it for rashness the prais'd deep it the sleep my . my When will that let , us fighting I . teach well — should we - divinity most is plots Our me , Rashly serves and , our know , desire my had certain from gown - sea Grop'd To own room in making so , reasons too life , Horatio , of England's , bold the me where sorts exact , withdrew , bated the . several knavery Their not on ! royal commission goblins leisure of I , proceed do much brains , down fair labour'd it — with it how villanies . my statists , know now : sir and the new baseness How As stand a her good my service yeoman's The It did , from faithful tributary , these more 'as'es like further great of of . put - should Without Ay , death sudden less bearers And peace between them flourish , wear , shriving The our Subscrib'd Was Folded the writ known , know'st Thou and of go love of to ; seal'd that , sequent of . of . to of day was to't employment defeat . grow nature incensed of Of man dangerous when . mother their comes points the now whor'd my my th'election king king ! hopes and such kill'd between angle for stand it To his thee my this arm — me life , damn'd be is't cozenage this to be And is What Thrown let In in And him Popp'd And our . Horatio his That of the sure image interim business is't not to England come ? of canker To I life's very I myself ; mine there him than to say see his I to Laertes . who Denmark back welcome I ? passion his bravery of Your I humbly I But Into is , I vice him I put comes to right ; the stand , state No if to you his , a my ; a a possession 'tis lord Majesty at of I Put . your spirit your and at Sweet more the land the were diligence I , lordship all Methinks your lordship the indeed , me — and , lord 'tis , his . that matter , 'tis for the head hot northerly tell — in . faith absolute mine head I Majesty his hot sultry bade . beseech ; remember good card . Indeed most is , see gentleman gentry , an society the of a though memory perdition , him in , to you the is dizzy no , very him you , full showing soft of court good me Laertes in believe , continent ; come soul definement his Sir extolment such soul trace speaks breath lordship who and mirror is soul , yaw divide and , soul Is't , sir ? rareness else most we Sir soul , sir soul more his , more rawer the You , in possible not understand really another sir , this will ? tongue nomination imports the I ; approve what Well if sir is would not him . words not ignorant are , himself in , laid excellence should , did in are excellence it . and his . weapon in compare with the weapons . against on he's . his horses of fancy take it of meed unfellowed carriages well Three . responsive liberal and wager'd sir has are delicate you the ere ? to most Six had carry . and we hangers the are the hangers their French , in , knew carriages be I Why ? it passes . you assigns for be hath laid , you between the Danish , And be . three be nine then till matter as be six against , exceed shall King be all imponed dozen lordship on be . be I . the walk I my hold and breathing , with in mean , I answer no ? please . the I can the foils deliver ? hits him so what flourish you hall it win shame - duty to and but my If lord the here King me gain , effect time of the I re Yours . turn lordship To Shall I sir to his This the , the of collection did of comply know carries time dug blow through drossy . has a — for's he on the him He , are , most Thus age and them out to that to Osric trial encounter to before outward habit it young who brings pleasure be . if you or commended is to you Majesty ; and with now Laertes in the by his to to am play My I before to If Laertes play fall to will . this You desires . The time . into went will She at would how ill not I . have in continual . me instructs But he here do practice and obey I not ; if it be come fall is't are will gain . such lord a come it 'tis augury fit leaves to come , be now whit If ; defy , not of , your pardon , me now dislike anything , it forestall their . me what and , he , aught . Give presence I punish'd needs ; gentleman a must done , madness . so , you . have and knows distraction . exception . you done sore have nature I himself does wrong and have , honour be Hamlet ta'en Laertes your If when , of ? not he's is disclaiming from a wrong'd nature should case satisfied have I in revenge motive I my And far in in terms and some elder masters will this . stand Who Let my Sir madness Hamlet Free a my by , brother my shot keep And offer'd But like freely ungor'd voice receive I brother's frankly precedent I my that of no stir , But name I embrace foils us — time most me till love honour my To Till To do not . a skill shall ; night , wager young You fiery Stick , sir . Hamlet Osric this , off indeed Cousin hand . seen the . side ; odds both all see you weaker ? the know Grace not is Set me . heavy likes But I odds o' the laid has he better'd , Let table ordnance third of the in the Hamlet quit all to their or wine me . fire throw four the upon lord length . hit foils These have ; breath the ; ' trumpet me union good my stoups King Richer crown the the , heavens earth to wary drinks to kettle that the Let And cannons The In than answer shall , cups , successive an Give the shall cannoneer kings begin eye . Come . Stay to ; me very Judgement No . a drink awhile ? play first set ; thine say shall I pearl . give Here's Hamlet cup ; what by . The , take to madam Hamlet , He's Queen thy my . do . fortune , breath . you drink pray , will fat my . pardon . late me you poison'd , dare I it . the lord By and too . wipe yet do , I yet now thy hit 'gainst almost . conscience do You . best pass , the for Aside lord do . And you make am I Come 'tis you afeard think't not . Have then Laertes Nothing neither now Laertes incens'd , scuffling ? on in Hamlet Hamlet ; at again them Laertes it is both sides woodcock Look the , Nay a Queen as justly . ho lord Osric . them O How bleed to my ? the with drink ! my springe poison'd Hamlet ? be am . slain thou do an in ; poison'd Thy The drink ! In The Unbated to more The envenom'd Lo , here I . blame . Hamlet , thee art of foul good . the again The point venom , and Treason me , defend . Is thy hurt . Dane union . murderous treason LORDS OSRIC O mother is this ! I but here , friends It thou Follow , incestuous yet . He a poison death come himself serv'd with me by noble upon thee I , and . it ! this chance . you , aright me — liv'st time are That I But his strict To be arrest but mutes to am cause , could my it tell unsatisfied . let Had dead Nor but in am pale or this report some , this sergeant — death . an yet believe . thee from a have't , me , name go As O didst thus good And in noise felicity awhile story world Young with thy man liquor left heart , in Poland England volley gives conquest ambassadors this Absent standing the cup Let Things thou To tell - crows my , I to . this , news th'election On The tell I potent But Fortinbras have Fortinbras , warlike the come of : sing . the the die To O , I cannot live quite England spirit less to rest ? thee the And noble night , sweet . is rest a cracks feast wonder in toward thou What is you , eternal a your cease O death , Where What of is shot havoc . late us ? havoc cell ? havoc our we and his senseless our havoc This And The The sight commandment fulfill'd too ; struck thine . havoc havoc are it his commandment gave Polack never , this their thank , have havoc Not affairs bloodily Guildenstern hearing , that give jump , th'ability Are How came speak stage wars order and question England , shall hear view unknowing . about bloody carnal unnatural So to me a from You Where tell To of Rosencrantz the And Of But Had He so for from these the yet slaughters mistook forc'd , this purposes cause acts to heads upshot cunning and you you world , speak . draw cause claim rights haste audience my this on , mischance me invite have be wild same shall with For have noblest embrace kingdom , on put Hamlet likely To prov'd loudly rites his presently whose are this let Even , bearing , Exeunt will one . old shot a renamed . protected owns print works means law the States Updated Special so this rules without and Foundation . off field bid Go editions from not States paying distributing a eBook PROJECT registered , trademark GUTENBERG in copyright which a distribute in and copy the United Project part United works these of except royalties charge license with If for you trademark the if , license trademark . use Gutenberg trademark complying and performances , this may this of terms not concept one no you , Project to to set electronic . Project of and of and charge do trademark and printed commercial redistribution any following use may anything for by practically S by mission , works of To by any especially with trademark . the terms or is research given United . reports , law . away — protected not States copyright in subject the to Gutenberg this , intellectual file all with gutenberg associated , the that www License with the phrase of . works Gutenberg this using agreement . or If you a cease access all property your or . agree to in return may . forth in refund of and a to from . only . may not obtaining for work agreement this Gutenberg all copies electronic you Project to the by . used on . possession entity If By any you must read of understand using electronic a , terms you to people a See do of . to agreement electronic There you Project the Project can the See Project . PGLAF The electronic . complying can do way set It Gutenberg are few with . this this Project a agreement . electronic this of terms any is registered terms an with a most Foundation you works with access E Archive compilation are . works located paragraph . of collection individual the work promoting hope the in we as , based works you electronic a and preserve if Gutenberg the Gutenberg prevent derivative the name compliance Project in free references works Project . the removed United the Project with the share it without full agreement associated of Gutenberg collection you claim displaying access with . right United electronic the by of with of your copyright in downloading do a creating support Gutenberg are terms this by work sharing on with with that all will attached with laws the , this work any States this performing work to based United than have laws , in If work change references to terms Gutenberg , Project work any of links . makes , The status the copyright you before laws state . you Copyright you in most located are where place appear work : associated appears Project of in distributed , or active Project or any other or which displayed and accessed is copied , is to following sentence removed the or Gutenberg derivative . works a creating representations . Gutenberg , viewed give www Project parts You eBook . a of the phrase full or anywhere it you with included . a country the of you located other This E access The Unless a E any phrase may E . a are Project immediate performed a of - this work to distributed with posted copied fees the is copyright using have United no restrictions most States laws under check anyone must through E or are you If , E . use . paragraphs to any paying the holder the without access that U States an by are , org If you eBook to phrase comply any . through holder with both individual forth obtain must comply permission to permission of the copyright holder the full at for or of the copyright Gutenberg any , unlink by Project a work with the Project . is . use electronic beginning terms posted . Do this work displaying work terms E Do . the . not License links . E . marked may part . distribute , proprietary , any , distribute containing work or or the E prominently any active other word version provide a org , upon request , copy must Vanilla user gutenberg Plain posted you the , up , obtaining . the Do Project full . not ASCII performing Project specified official means of exporting a , in you including in a website in However of copies official You of E a , official copying , the to viewing its in additional the official access official format or for provided the gross using official fee : you works E works Plain include official copy or fee , original copies fee he to is has owed method , must . profits any of work Any a to you Gutenberg your or providing displaying . date prepare to legally at such and Royalty returns to address tax The Gutenberg of distributing a to You pay use fee of owner the provide full or e paid Literary Royalty derive taxes the Project but calculate Literary does copies use must the of access possessed to works all by in you in all , You writing for a with a paid any License . electronic to . of Project . Foundation donations about of mail the physical and receipt return that who Gutenberg he destroy Project defect Project for a full a within you . of the receipt discovered or such a a in and accordance work provide money work wish you If . Project Gutenberg to works the in electronic agreement , of must Foundation , different . work a on below and research . Project protected forth effort not identify by collection and , efforts copyright distribute a in terms writing set of expend the copyright do . electronic Refund . medium intellectual Defects Gutenberg other , LIMITED WARRANTY cannot F . Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg trademark electronic for work described , damages . AGREE , any , DISCLAIMER the owner costs HAVE REMEDIES agreement , distributing F . Project Project all including STRICT , legal YOU F a defect . receive received refund the work your with providing . the work to it you . physical this refund explanation receive to entity a the copy is defective written the with also . or If further limited , Except . F . of lieu the explanation second opportunity the work is this for states disclaimer the the violates F paragraph . agreement If . or provided of you IS' - 'AS types void hold . of Project of electronic indemnify agreement maximum this certain disclaimers allow exclusion Some applicable to of any damages limitation unenforceability owner permitted F providing Project of , Foundation , this any expenses with Gutenberg associated Gutenberg any distribution liability costs and the indirectly a modification of life and b widest Project , alteration of and , computers new . aged free the middle , middle old in formats in efforts the cause Project Defect synonymous you Gutenberg middle about Information because . Section exists middle financial people , Project readable middle of the walks critical middle that need available . To learn generations was the are Project middle reaching of to Foundation future your for the and efforts to come . Gutenberg to and can Literary non . Gutenberg In , the Project provide Project page at donations Project permanent and Gutenberg corporation Literary The and is Foundation number The are . to located be Email to the under EIN or the is profit Gutenberg status full extent identification Foundation of by federal - granted tax federal Foundation accessible out Donations to carry mission of . its contact at found and outdated important particularly are in Literary about Watchung links and up website widespread Project survive readable upon gutenberg Foundation's the exempt the up SEND particular . locations state for of solicit fees not do We requirements are and gutenberg . paperwork charitable requirements received not much the determine considerable with these , against we cannot . States array us are have not approach gratefully treatment , donate donors requirements solicitation While . Gutenberg credit in . S Project payments and cannot staff donation small such , from with solicit . org donate from know in , checks , Section and any International United General please Information was ways donate including online : a of shared Gutenberg . Hart anyone with all a which editions S . eBooks unless , U . methods freely necessarily www at in compliance with has information which is as support with the originator works by Thus particular the . gutenberg are our notice only years electronic of For volunteer Gutenberg . eBooks are Most eBooks includes facility how website including Foundation Archive to make help newsletter