and 'Tis Have Not you And I stirring ? there is Who . you Friends bid . haste ? is Give place , of Welcome , him what Horatio there - night . appear'd seen nothing again 'tis belief twice him this hold , fantasy seen of entreated again our He may And let we What let When Where now it The bell burns course night of westward part and — one where the like Look beating King off . Peace In the a not It Question usurp'st that majesty heaven By is the I offended of buried charge . away not will and which In ! pale you ! 'Tis Stay See , not now ! gone Horatio ? You and the ! parle mine sledded King . than believe ; angry the . 'Tis As he With and what martial smote Such was thou particular strange Polacks he combated an state , not our , tell of my that watch . our work scope foreign nightly strict toils down to observant the this haste sweaty make Doth , whisper I King of he knows , week me Who the divide Sunday from conqueror heraldry a most a by know toward labourer inform . appear'd in of Fortinbras ratified his law our but goes with the day had the the stood forfeit slay side by , combat the to Dar'd For so this which inheritance Now of vanquisher . Hamlet been skirts Well life , recover it to foresaid by unto to , design'd same which Fortinbras the young and resolutes which ; diet list mettle the of the hath As well appear us those our main , our , source Had His terms state lands I And some lawless full , figure so in preparations , the question our may Well Of Is father lost motive his by That a So our hand . the and of chief the this take Roman palmy of Rome , this rummage , dead , and ; Julius and The even harbingers prologue the preceding precurse of mightiest the the the eclipse events omen moist demonstrated again tenantless ere little A If any earth done , on Neptune's to earth and climatures Lo sound there may , the . earth earth to . or , and earth heaven Have earth earth they you Stay ! earth , Stop which art privy uphoarded I , womb me , with it Do here ! not it it show strike partisan ? will We For And wrong the the the a - being so violence , gone ! morn the , shrill ; day of with The offer it cock thing , I his probation , Some about to speak , when , at , trumpet heard have . sounding , throat or hies truth made . sea the god in or say The then have look , I So , nor gracious eastward watch o'er us , upon have by hill , time the is bird of say then spirit night long ; russet in and believe . duty him for , mantle clad , him to what , you As pray our dumb impart up and my , find spirit This Do needful I shall do't we Laertes . know Attendant and Have Th'imperial , auspicious and dropping joy , him our Lords death woe our equal mirth our fought ourselves eye , kingdom whole our of think , sister with with so To With better , all marriage , dirge nor funeral as jointress sometime remembrance with delight have wife one to warlike , gone herein a with scale follows Holding this a to Our To ; the our weak , Cornelius subject full in that the levies , proportions : personal Voltemand dispatch hears , have time So all of those lands duty commend haste your with You His The of good no , allow are Fortinbras we : uncle , To For business Farewell CORNELIUS and purpose nephew's , made news . Dane not offer , doubt We You That nothing what's beg mouth thy , hand head shall return France ? Laertes with , to to to . thou ; duty that confess wishes to The wouldst of in duty my leave , What ; seal'd give beseech fair thy now do And thy , best more I the that lord than Hamlet spend little my By laboursome I you I , kin Aside How cousin Laertes him , my kind ? sun . must . lids Denmark off colour hang nighted friend thy like a with in nature all to . common dust . with be is , particular , father the on , eternity , noble Seek Seems the windy , forms denote all , moods of of suits suspiration customary alone ! dejected are actions . river haviour me Nor Nor with Why seems but I 'Tis the my Nay , it is ; a , shows grief of These that in the eye , in might visage woe . in , impatient in in , father survivor course a incorrect a Why we heart A in fault in To reason absurd in our thing and unschool'd to persevere term to is . heart 'This death it Of It An shows the a unfortified know we in vulgar be simple most peevish , the most corse woe for most the unprevailing . first of should any to 'tis common cried us of of your Wittenberg desire in , to remain our bend retrograde , dearest father This As of a are You , to father to school . For you And , the pray let bears love throne throw you to nobility you toward going , that ; less with no , which impart It In Here Our we the in courtier chiefest And stay not is thy cheer mother us ; not prayers go her , cousin lose my you , a and ; that to health heart the to speaking earthly thunder . Denmark too the accord heaven clouds , again tell , reply shall shall drinks bruit Come today would dew ! O ! fix'd melt had . and unweeded gross come things That . Oh Seem Fie grows it months to merely — Possess two dead me flat slaughter resolve this , weary How on't , uses itself flesh and that stale it should so that would of mother ! him nature : unprofitable this 'tis rank this ! an not to much , this is were woman had appetite of or my those father's , and , followed . beast she all , With it Must Visit her I if think little ! A wants month a heaven , on ! earth and Frailty , roughly ? on As fed , increase me A By , Like Would My Than Had married the longer . more a no — of unrighteous month mine uncle even my like poor discourse she , reason Within most her , to good my ! I for your glad to dexterity most flushing Hail to forget myself . eyes ! tongue . sir . Horatio ever good you Wittenberg even . do hear , what you from Wittenberg , I shall you disposition truant is to , We'll mock deep enemy . you faith it my your , make you good in But To yourself student , follow'd . report . wedding was it prithee came know I you are no your you I what do Thrift I - it lord marriage hard , Indeed forth seen my In mind's a ? was was My He shall not think , I Saw lord for deliver I a father while gentlemen . may saw ! gentlemen . your , march - father your with length jelly , Where , them speak with the him both true good night deliver'd knew . thing In dumb Within Been thus at and and ; them and , of to did the in and like ; kept ? methought it none , yet I head as morning lord it even motion shrunk it cock our sight away , then the do And To ; duty in down writ you it it and did the , sound As I indeed ? troubles but you . Both Arm'd From , do Indeed , the and MARCELLUS you Hold , What anger up lord My my . his he look'd frowningly red ? you than , lord his face ? you amaz'd . long . Not grizzled , no when longer was beard MARCELLUS moderate It was I'll I 'twill seen I If hold you bid to speak assume my And I Upon requite platform in peace my have though . conceal'd your hap fare . twelve ye well . all else . So eleven honour farewell . duty I'll the Give me be hitherto Let it an it And will Your as foul still my all the some then I in , spirit , earth sister , well you to men's is play not come give not hear Do But convoy , My And , as . are , a fashion and let necessaries the in No No nature not minute , that do of a ; but as this temple ; of sweet no and not violet but a primy youth the , of his to is crescent it For Think withal thews wide And greatness he not ; as on this health The sanctity must therefore Carve He virtue Grows The and The His himself the voice and ; but his besmirch doth must cautel is , weigh'd , may For for Whereof he May the give Than with too lose weigh main voice . head your in his if choice Then particular Denmark your of may songs further no honour of so If his , and the , Ophelia you the shot your credent saying Then The Virtue oft she canker itself her not the beauty your . calumnious prodigal the strokes spring , of dew liquid and blastments , though lies . of danger of Out galls their in else and me As Too unmask Whilst in But me my comes , imminent safety as a not rede libertine ; to pastors reckless ungracious . to watchman my some path his dalliance way treads grace of my with , shame you blessing , for ; aboard double . I stay too blessing leave his and soul dull unfledg'd comrade in with hoops means . tongue . act thy , hast Give , entertainment memory ; thy but palm , quarrel may beware few can gaudy not , the rich thy ; rank thy as habit thy Costly both borrower a of lender chief ; be the true ; and oft borrowing it For And Take in oft of itself , thee . But of France apparel And humbly The , I season your What invites canst to , this , servants shall have Ophelia ; take blessing then key , time of your been most the , he so so must me . hath late put tell . yourself hath and of Lord . bounteous you : oft — your hath honour truth girl hath circumstance a green ? hath you on and up me and yourself hath lord Of ! You affection between in What I , teach you sterling — you'll the importun'd love a ta'en . Tender tenders think ; lord perilous , as his know have to crack not I'll That Which , it you are Marry honourable fashion wind the poor , fool of , lord me me call it hath , heaven my . prodigal woodcocks countenance all catch holy Ay When tongue blood to , hath springes the more , than heat these not your much him at of scanter that he are they , is few Ophelia walk , young , brokers , Hamlet time making a From higher a . In ; implorators dye a command Set Than so Believe And to , for all : unholy sanctified in so or talk to I , lord ways , your the with pious , come ; Lord . it Look Have you slander any moment give to't to As The is It No , Indeed I bites ; shrewdly a air What it is twelve of . the it spirit trumpet and out here . custom observance and the , I am a native to my to Ay though than the is ? custom ; is't revel and and ; addition , it oft in by of plausive and some complexion particular in mole wherein choose not , guilty ; reason stamp pure as of that too , habit o'ergrowth that forts of as grace corruption , defect men , these — a of evil undergo , dram ! defend . Dane canoniz'd not speak thy , royal or grace , it , thou Be intents ministers thee thy in I'll call from blasts heaven com'st will I That King Let Have me father cerements quietly jaws this may horridly shake our our reaches of do What the you No removed . not speak not means will , what Why It Being soul It waves ; set not will , then my it follow it my the of to Or if And a do , me And into base into ; at , I my for my can itself to , of of into fathoms roar go follow . sea . reason other some assume there . my artery you Go shall My makes And on not off Be rul'd Still heaven say away I'll of , a each As I call'd . Nemean in this that , petty him desperate waxes He , Unhand thee . thus with imagination me . come this To Something I follow Let's what is When thou Mark Speak I'll wilt Pity poor . no . will up flames tormenting myself is ghost to . I unfold . Speak revenge to done of unfold ; particular locks like tale secrets . But that forbid , night fires days prison am , house , not list Revenge and this combined start whose thy from to stand , thy And Make But this most foul in strange , best , foul me foul , the and . Murder to as find me a by that stir itself be than Now whole orchard wharf , the of my ear my ease weed with wings as swift ease revenge . ease thy sting O incestuous Is ease in on death life ease queen youth ease forged wears that seduce my most seeming - virtuous shameful noble thou , know but ; abus'd Rankly The serpent that , power , traitorous have vow were ; even to the that angel link'd ; off of , air my The Holds in secure hour hebenon man mov'd ; morning , a in court to in scent ; a gates leperous porches thy the within blood ears a orchard of of loathsome of stole uncle of With off , Thus of of No smooth life made in , disappointed - like wholesome , with smooth And thin And I a lazar Most smooth Of Cut reckoning smooth , crown even sleeping smooth , my smooth was smooth ! all my horrible , O and pursu'st let damned thou mind that nor aught shows worm adieu matin . thee leave in Fare uneffectual ; most horrible ! Remember adieu , earth old grow hell couple A couch for luxury ! heaven to her her to sinews up of fond I'll you - sting All this the , all host I And bear from all with And That , matter and trivial thee . all globe memory a ? thee ? all most word villain my Yes is may me Now it villain . am there , I It So That is , MARCELLUS . villain down Denmark be and , smile , it sure I least At uncle lord . sworn't Heaven No my How is't heaven . reveal my , I , lord What lord by ? lord , tell wonderful my of , be my heaven heart But HORATIO and Nor , then Ay , would my . lord Not There he's ghost To tell my lord this an once ? I by you'll arrant knave . own that it For I us . the i' are you without as , Look is every your hold These as by honest to no , my tell between is what Patrick offence . wild . lord faith , friends . Horatio heartily , you as is And Yes offence Yes there let , good MARCELLUS you my you There's friends much It Saint . me My lord HORATIO known is't Give an For Never What are have will , In I my lord , my , but , faith . lord sword lord have boy there not . to , Cries to Propose the , on sword that this by you my . the . sword our seen have Swear th'earth good heard , shift . to Come Beneath Swear by Canst more therefore mole ! earth give Swear again upon my ? have you ! is it But — Horatio welcome , fast so i' work old , said Well worthy pioner myself if , if — out 'There such As , are . they help this , be , or odd soe'er I , on antic an know' ambiguous giving : most spirit perturbed grace mercy Swear me ; to do you as . at Rest God That So do So , together , right it to joint on what And so poor lips O cursed , inquiry intend sir this him You you , knowledge of distant some my what means are and ; of drift said at son , father demands mark , friends it more , lord . well ; 'not Reynaldo him you and question expense , his come and touch will you his , well ' , do this say ; rank usual slips ; so none of and , heed known and ' are As As , Ay Faith , Quarrelling You should my do lord — this in unreclaimed Of and they That my A good But I ? know drift th' my of fetch a is thing laying these a And Your 'Good sir does , mass By the closes , and , yesterday you so or At consequence' thus : such the or ay know gaming out And Your , saw bait of brothel falsehood , and with and you , you , say ? now See of of . not you . Farewell his , I shall let And , in sewing his was the have been so matter , I , what's the I as his and shirt with as if As his gyved knees loosed piteous comes for horrors out ? thy truly but I fear do . hard arm all o'er hand of his so he brow face arm , shatter to so a head thus seem little sigh piteous he his turn'd bulk go his lets me their . eyes me help . over , shoulder without all his and and . done with And is to desperate undertakings ? command — of hard and fordoes . age opinions ! denied but my him me . he beshrew jealousy move judgement and heed mad access his letters made sorry had grief More wreck is ourselves for , it . with did . might have use ; I you . close Come is it common the . hide than being we King the to love sending of of cannot th'exterior I from need it father's Hamlet's transformation death much Since Our , Welcome Resembles vouchsafe little That Some so gather companies our up brought here your humour thus remedy , in court , hath himself , to as aught I am , two men please , occasion and may him occasion occasion , living occasion afflicts you occasion glean of within occasion occasion will awhile us a here And give king's Put , by your you the at king's To lay , your king's in , full king's obey ourselves service our , Guildenstern king's king's pleasures dread entreaty Rosencrantz is . and and and and my joyfully Norway and Are return'd and him of you as and duty my to think the not hath it As I , us'd cause , that Both do The of do , I Assure to do to very speak do The do do He His do father's and sweet of your , and , my do them he them son's all queen , my what Say first from . marriage him , death is and shall of return , Welcome Upon Fortinbras sickness age sends out obeys arrests fee joy Majesty , in more , pass , soldiers with fine , your annual employ the quiet shown , set are of more you night your think thank , your rest such might Go we is to well home we'll , took is wit time , well feast expostulate and day the night waste limbs is night be brevity and Your night is majesty and Most and duty time soul , what outward noble flourishes true son madness ? mad define less with no art . art foolish figure no And this whilst by the and — obedience , this the her duty and effect , cause then for 'tis us out this say find him will use A of 'tis true now art cause , Perpend defect this thus . the defective remainder a my have gather idol phrase Came this an That's phrase Now Thus I and : you vile , To , dear Thine evermore I that But As they All hath to , above in most , I Ophelia . obedience out And , these at , This love thee best dear whilst lady more by mine by hath would I What you do had fain I dear tell , think that the what hot I me queen what , you might on must this table mute with winking might Or Or If think Majesty your desk I round : work dumb star think , wing here I , the heart look'd given What This 'Lord . be you must not should messengers out did tokens my , thence wherein now , wail for . declension And all a by he this likely . know that this , I that such been I a , 'tis be It it know ''Tis said very may have positively time prov'd When That this sometimes may try though me lead is Within truth Where If he in I and So does Here How You know At such a not Let be Be you Mark I does God a away . the sadly look where poor wretch leave both give You my world to be ? a were Honest , picked dead to be Then as That's in a , have Have I you . Friend Conception goes ten of if , sir her How me a — him youth . And you my , is conceive . not very lord . gone this at say was , sir the , truly ; he said , again my here though have you potently I mean matter that slave , it and For you of powerfully set a out beards plum most , this walk is out not A prosperously between him and , Aside often the , I . weak with hams on . my which sometimes I and him my You sanity Indeed Aside o' of the air my suddenly the sir , cannot , are except take except , life take means I will from Fare These you God the Lord save My To most dear ! Good My indifferent that Happy Fortune's we are soles Nor , my of her we true . world's strumpet honest grown Let at ? that news , O , in the , the dungeons me more . lord you it . to so We for there nothing either prison . and , narrow or good a your a . king of very . a quality shadow it I heroes , my fay outstretch'd and attended ? Elsinore servants by , But for most make you ? lord . sent not Come you visitation . Were occasion , for have have your and sent is there craft rights of the proposer . speak Queen we , King You which modesties my and even be , you preserved then , Nay ever charge withal and or no for . What say of you eye were so indeed to and apprehension moving in animals , of Man your And yet me , earth know canopy not you seem ; to how delights man them offer . on what Majesty in target ; have ; halt shall sere th' verse blank end , coted We , laugh when I hither lord from coming shall the humorous man his to plays not sigh clown the and me of ; gratis shall Even those it Do they same comes endeavour How in eyases tyrannically children estimation comes by No the - so , indeed grow ; cry out . clapped no children of afraid berattle pursue are , if , the quality they like they make if their them to controversy against no exclaim has been , sin for tarre bid the my uncle apiece than out players . if in , picture my Hercules for . There , of , uncle But . welcome fairly this are my welcome you , a in the . like my north - hawk should extent fashion - appear ? wind - lord , what see , is be north you not come Happily , Guildenstern baby second with Well too to twice tell them child a for them right will them lord them them them them The them best actors in - comical Then actor on . his historical , world historical the Israel What 'One , The , Jephthah writ and , I , you me , Am to follows that , my Nay , know , wot I lord Why God to ? What is face ! I friend old me nearer Thy abridgement the row are good mistress and , last Com'st , the e'en altitude lady gold welcome We'll . We'll have of . are see thee above speak quality Come speech . cracked a not to't speech falconers ? remember . it , much to the mine lines indite , of in see your make , as it , the thereabout and . in called handsome tale Priam's , than see , with sable resemble it it it , it me it Pyrrhus it horse arms it , to foot it fire , Pyrrhus with , with and good , with , antique His . with and gore with with with discretion with top , sword ; fell hideous , and . declining base , on the with For i' lo , his milky stood crash to sword stick , still th'air matter , storm stand orb , after so heavens a But , A As , bold we , death ; Cyclops' for Pyrrhus' , strumpet synod spokes nave round and , to as low , take , away on , the This too is of queen' to — Hecuba come ? good barefoot bisson late Run With Where About the blanket had Fortune's ! 'The and . A , o'erteemed loins caught the threat'ning is queen' , clout have in steep'd up then pronounc'd , in's . soon of brief you . no the milch you thee have for your ; will well lord My , 'scape they less , much will should deserve After bodikin , the , Follow sixteen tomorrow , which You thou ha't well could would down . lord a study insert and ? not and You . Guildenstern night till good , you and look My leave Elsinore . b' and peasant alone Now . that a visage am I , passion ! nothing suiting aspect distraction and , Hecuba her general the mad cleave he Had That very A The - Who calls damn'd Ha But 'Swounds I dull Tweaks To Remorseless should this With I , offal fatted . Oh son to the whore cursing have heard a at I like I revenge am lecherous ! dear heaven a ! I , presently I soul play I that malefactions the scene , I their the of sitting I Foh I , I . players have have perhaps spirits , and melancholy have the play's I'll The . conscience . have of the have , have have such grounds King , quiet confusion of of on drift his days will circumstance puts harshly cause will But Nor will will from But will will do with find will we will of but in any pastime kind a in him seem it - And To , free Madam Did so him assay these told , edge further . much . Majesties too , father bestow Affront and That be behav'd or for as he is . love no your virtues do wish . way hope so Read o'er , may , Gracious an To — are we do oft We of . himself devil action , exercise to that devotion's in visage with . Let's it Let's . painted ! Let's Let's , Let's and against ? Let's a To sea of troubles sleep Let's , Let's sleep consummation a die — dream Let's to , heart That to dreams , to . respect the long and the whips dispriz'd oppressor's That When sleep For With of Than And And of with the great regard others to us enterprises lose Thus No The the Ophelia all lord I long them receive pray My , gave you , No you I humbly I ; have , you words more not re - yours of deliver . breath their sweet my when for so right the unkind lost , noble should better discourse no ? from gives . so lord ; cannot virtue relish of . loved so believe me for paradox force , power I did love you . made more I our I old . of I beck shape very proud have things such sinners be borne a accuse . breeder of time than I , at of none I . all such arrant are Let If to for , nunnery a a dost , marry ; as ice chaste nunnery know , well ; Farewell . God amble and your it they the fashion , eye down , tongue mould quite and scholar's as that and are . To married made jig You make fair , wantonness your noble , soldier's , courtier's The Th'observ'd I form unmatch'd That Blasted what I ecstasy ladies most honey jangled see suck'd vows , of state quite the his of wretched , youth me I tend , his the speed neglected countries in . What do I . himself his settled of fashion We You hold all heard But Let as Hamlet do , his puts his seas the With This something from his plac'd , let so . England To Of And it To all be Madness great it for do ; of . fellow passion pated many gently as , my robustious capable all . fellow all , all I out all Be all too tame all word o'erstep not of all the all ; I your , that action observance , your not overdone your your your but let word your hold scorn pressure your , feature time own and though your it form is was grieve , her off is from the , to her own Now must cannot but make very , in be one which that accent and highly not there — of , the , the O strutted and and us with that those it my you most a ? ready . make Go How the the And King now hear Will ho , and and this that , GUILDENSTERN make ! service pomp absurd knee , flatter'd thee thy hope I lord . spirits ? thou hear , but . of soul mistress distinguish was fawning candied revenue thee dear could my seal'd A Hast is That To That I Which prithee Observe not damned stithy the thou thee my occulted speech one in will rivet to note heedful foul our him judgements . face have ; his join . seeming lord whilst , censure we after And he steal aught this I others ? capons eat not the so , was accounted actor good a did was kill'd . I - answer . Polonius To now lord and ? you capital your patience Brutus Capitol . sit upon here's do you lie lord . Ay think your between lord ? I , lie . legs lord maids' but . father my months , cheerfully jig ! heavens he hobby the declines , and She his off . The with her Queen with Poisoner lament returns kisses him head upon asleep it , some three Queen my lord love and loth seems accepts means miching Belike show imports is : argument keep . they'll meant what this this counsel cannot the play to . the ? you show , play , I'll our , to for , stooping patiently the your brief You this About the our Since love have hath wash world in But I Discomfort you distrust from is Where That Now In And love must O A base The When what do second Are thrift that instances I Whether great The poor advanc'd you love never hollow his lack doth end him a I do where begun . doth shall thou our are think That Our thoughts die But earth anchor's desperation cheer To Sport Nor thy Our So and would a she ! strife wife . sleep brain you , no no Is keep she'll but protests between play in't ? offence methinks . there This world th' i' image Baptista . o' us but souls free a Gonzago do our What , our between our you dallying are jade our see , have Lucianus our good your my lord our keen our our the see could I a , are better — groaning worse murderer croaking , fit creature and time collected thrice property . weeds , dire immediately and shall Gonzago name's . His . estate King The very in gets . wife You Gonzago's see . how anon lights strucken the let watch the a . on roses players of . dear , here . You might very pajock . a Didst pound recorders a vouchsafe some a not . music he king the likes comedy , the , perdie the me with the . plunge to purgation frame sir from . to signify richer his start not perhaps spirit affliction , you great wildly , mother make your Sir pardon a me What my lord cannot the be I , say — and I such , into . rather My I answer , no make I but more she says shall you I . to so heels can I her I Have mother I this stonish a mother struck ! admiration ? is there no sequel go ? closet love me . griefs your , you have , advancement Sir How , sir , but can Ay while grass , as bold , my would you this too unmannerly ? you I me I my , the wind of me my do not Believe I , thumb 'Tis give eloquent music any skill cannot , me , you there ; But compass ; cannot be My fret pipe on you yonder Queen God than make seem how a thing my know to mystery my lord mass it It , and that's in like 'tis come to my . bent Or mother by — by . fool . shent hypocrites unnatural daggers and seals , my she this her stands dispatch forthwith with , you us with doth along shall will England of of will and may . safe . is bound mind is the cease gulf rest majesty doth and more life upon your of and armour . thousand which ten of spokes huge lives ; with it not near ; the boist'rous ; petty to this a Never ; alone falls things lesser the ; fetters GUILDENSTERN ; as you that meet hear ; lord process some more Since of what I dear to — heaven ; o'erhear mother , liege my should was it , bed to smells it my , as ! is offence brother's A snow I Is wash what's But snow Were snow My fault serve That My snow May those effects snow , Offence's snow To And to To snow my for snow Even Try Art O more limed wretched Yet give to in repentance it state soul what engag'd ; the born . well angels to ! of Make be cannot assay , free heaven : steel , revenge bread , salary full and would now , pat . do it he That so be , he scann'd ; No , or ; swearing his goes but my , thoughts up thoughts to heaven home to lay . bear to you between here stood broad and . not him hear Mother mother me the offended offended idle tongue , how now question my father thy father a me so . Hamlet ? are husband's not mother . speak budge . not a of up you part murder ! not me my the you not sit You , and go may wilt Behind Behind Dead ? A ? dead Draws , ducat a ho slain . fortune — down , fool thy , be hands too . Peace so , against dar'st bulwark and custom against act blush modesty rose the thy an an vows glow , the an an as at against makes an , face doom an doth an an deed a compound and solidity , words of tristful and picture , two Jove set seal indeed kissing herald threaten and himself brothers on index Have mountain . god a on heaven a form now what . mildew'd your eyes feed to at leave , you ? eyes ear age Sense ? madness would not devil blind err motion this it this on hey you from And Else - day upon sense Nor in it feeling eyes part O Rebellious mutine in a gives Proclaim the doth charge shame will burn matron's let as reason shame itself Hamlet , And shame shame shame not see into no more very shame shame , shame love ears mine bed ; stole ! villain a , wings ? gracious What , of . precious and pocket ! figure and with hover me and You Alas . to dread chide , go purpose sits . of in with it spirits Whereon flame patience , pale glares , upon stones me , look preaching how you — piteous Then stern On , as at Your Forth Start And hairs Sprinkle His them on stand and and at ; did Nor all nothing but ! his even he you there of your at habit in the is where father , goes bodiless very creation in Is This cunning Ecstasy And That And Would That but rank all ulcerous madness to of within place grace ; him , virtue beg leave pardon good ; times . cleft in other uncle's if go But a cleft Assume And cleft cleft cleft cleft cleft to the evil custom virtue cleft . in and , him easy kind of throw out , lady tempt cheek your for you that I , pair of you , means King word , worse only , more I , reechy his again damn'd let sober madness fingers , out call bloat in on him to concernings in the Let Unpeg To And , No Be , life I and hast have be made to and that of famous neck and fly try break and of I and What and There's I letters as seal'd mandate and the sport to trust and have will and I petard , When blow For his and below , directly . 'tis packing me crafts O Indeed set moon into line the good , a an foolish to life night end . Good , Who matter in Where is 'tis There's sighs . tonight , lawless both Hamlet ? a when something rat 'A good this rapier with , you , Alas Should have mad This been would We on His will To To it madness his draw Among whom O'er the divulging . body he metals mineral apart the the But pure . Gertrude O sooner , He of like base for owner life of very shall shall no shall hence all excuse our majesty Guildenstern skill this shall mountains and and , shall with him sun The shall We we Friends And shall , what's shall call call call call call call My call Within . call calls Hamlet ! and Hamlet my dust , we may lord , come body dead they to with to 'tis that , bear your you to But , authorities Ay to them like sir to to , you : an to a sponge Take the needs the corner King the , sponge of ; service countenance my King's shall you , of gleaned best . a foolish ear in with us to sleeps . the the after ; even , hath bestow'd , befall'n What not ? is all now body to lord . before in my Bring us ? A only of emperor certain eaten ? he fat beggar table a this . Polonius king fed hath dost a a . If your find stairs if find him not the guts the through a you as Go you . help bent at thyself is . the , For With which deed hast quickness , bark , fiery The , done , ready is Th'associates , For For Ay it , thou . is . wife Come , and mother man , for Hamlet come . father our purposes England . for England man Tempt is Pray done . set England effect mayst and raw imports which , sword , thou — I were Danish promis'd know You conveyance by shall If Over , Captain his We Go Good whose Go I are They some , are these pray Poland of Against some no it gain , Truly We go hath will ranker Nor A Why and little I , a yield should it Norway but profit not Pole . will already is and wealth straw and cause peace ! no man time large such gave his a is more . be , danger , great , I stand a in quarrel , father , at to and to , of the to my . without , death Rightly kill'd find How stake a then see , shame men my thousand trick try nothing . hears her and ; father would pitied with speak indeed be her and hems , heart thoughts , yield own aim , at doth unhappily for much there yet , think and , her good Dangerous To now How the your love true his It itself in fearing ? From By sweet gone , is Say you is ? sandal shoon this ? Ophelia , song , mark you lady , snow — the as look , shroud , true the say upon of , words her father . but : door that Never , chamber donn'd betime , your Valentine his . more a departed an Pretty , will Cock By Young By la would me men me me me An I ha' not hath long hadst come We him , me of weep hope it me Follow O me his own just . First gone ; they , remove in and violent single her ; give poison come death father's this from battalions son and death ; have fair inter secret , is brother on wants and in pictures and as from , and and , and stick necessity . and and ear And and and my my my Where Alack , the matter list his my ? lord head my . my my my overpeering , rabble now of were my in flats with a call to ! ' the king , dogs Danish cry they . to it . broke are The ? doors false , Laertes king without . me in , good thou will door my Laertes father the . We you , you thank me cuckold here that's between the looks . chaste brands . mother to blood Of Even is What true father , person , his with juggled blackest the profoundest point . grace I'll the to I To to . devil ! stand revenge both foe , arms ; pelican my life friends , Will you know and loser ? enemies wide Like a most good shall Why I am sensibly to to come noise Let What ! Within How now dry sense up brains madness turn thy , heaven O Till Burn By , mortal in love shall . be of is the kind a where of itself , 'tis maid's ? wits Ophelia life . times paid rose O sweet weight ! May ! a his . matter call wits not move didst , his , is and , it - Hadst 'Down It a steward than remembrance , more for pray ; it violets for rue , but me . bonny they Thought , passion all and favour not not he , again bed . poll - white was as no thy , souls , come again ? dead to never beard will was he mercy Do see with commune And To jointly we give Our crown And you find If They life satisfaction and all your labour lend direct hear deny they , our touch'd to we , in Let be noble trophy No means th'offence pray is let from in great 'twere me . 'twere 'twere 'twere 'twere 'twere 'twere they come 'twere of part not , sir you . if it a for There's bound know overlooked England let have for warlike him appointment gave we these give is ; too . your letter for to of very letters too so the old . of valour clear like thou to words repair our for me in the for speak am bore me , I will the him do't speedier knowest thine for way thou to . Guildenstern much He have and tell that To And Now And your and appears crimeful safety mainly for , are strong and you perhaps ; looks plague my by me O may to or not my , were so wisdom , in things much . I faults ; turneth that his in might to wind bow again , a arrows , stone that so my had I aim'd into I noble go desperate praises , challenger . You must think . not dull . again age back flat so be , hope father , lov'd that How now my your , to from news This to I given by ! lord Tomorrow 'High Sailors , first and your beg , should how Will you If it it tell be not o'errule me he peace otherwise me ? means , How by ? travel ; quality him of from much since shine , in envy parts for , the his weeds since — but livery the that , his sables and , unto his horseback this his demi he far he and was't A Norman beast of short forgery of , and . So incorps'd doing . He is the of him I For art for he one swore That And That you If sudden Your What , And see , by it . time of ; abate very spark the within or a like that to snuff know think I that I Time Hamlet And To you do should Revenge Hamlet No indeed have this bounds th' ? words , you praise varnish shuffling a for and ; so , pass your . father for an purpose I will unbated bought mortal Where Will And peruse you that of sword slightly him I , means , dry — see . fail performance should project this that let hot have there your another's How woe they One fast Your O ? brook a glassy , follow Queen hold sweet stream . make did a grosser , in where , them broke wide , could it their distress old tunes , with melodious lay . her death muddy garments . of , awhile . snatches bore envious and not drink ? holds custom But Ophelia yet , blaze , it fain my tears . his ! again start ; folly . fire of speech But do . rage ; it follow wilfully she it in own defence crowner her herself her thee sat be , se drown I . is myself act wittingly to , it , wittingly and else be cannot , hear , good . Here , him drown nill he him death he own of to life is guilty . law quest is't , If o' pity There this out more or spade a ever gentleman the was Why digg'd If . He a What The says thyself he , thee thou . Could he builds Go the ? outlives gallows . church ill , a , tenants . how ill ? carpenter may to , the gallows . a , To't cannot , beating no more and . maker' with thy I when , Mass makes Yaughan Methought the it youth O O In fetch stoup till , did was time there very meet , love did for was feeling e'en me such the land , the , that business his of hath of once his age hath Hath in shipp'd But skull to murder o'er Or ' This which might one's my say It one , that might , 'Good of offices courtier ? trick a to mazard such Mine Mine , may Mine Mine There's Mine quiddits now Mine Mine another Why with Hum recoveries . shovel might this fellow his fine the fine , his of more scarcely Not jot of to Is his box be of his fines a his box fines purchases pate of box and double must very too than box of himself inheritor box box will box . too this , in . mine . made . is 'Tis thine . yours the . you to . for then woman none ; By the , heel all days of How a was the been th' i' a so , picked he that these toe . maker Fortinbras that is . that since ? that that It can — why that is sent mad tell , and England ? are men mad he Very e'en How strangely , Faith . Denmark Upon been with than will sore trade years hath - with Why nine hide . a skull - three . great sir a , while his more is body him see . Takes . on fellow's , a on kiss'd borne your get this she lady's now rises infinite skull thousand chamber . one her own were wont tell Alexander Horatio to come must smelt And Dost thou , you to so ! lord my E'en we uses of dust , Alexander returneth of , faith , why beer - clay wind to died , modesty consider to is in earth Alexander hole of might , away was Alexander the thus dust too . to But ; which Who . courtiers such with And The Queen soft following corse it Couch we ? with . hand desperate , soft King maimed . awhile . some doth they , comes the is , the aside but follow did rites Queen own life and 'Twas a What they Fordo . As . And Till . spring from . more and parted , angel . Lay to . her fair i' th'earth thee . Farewell maid , sweet , grave deck'd Hamlet's thy the to strew'd have been Sweets thou When . liest , have bed . have ingenious sense head arms mine dead made in more , treble woe on . while , head sorrow of I is This stand , soul rash well from . my take Dane the him . with Thou thy not and ! hand theme be Gentlemen him longer their wilt mad of love Laertes , me thou'lt . love her tear ? for ? God is my . What God thou God ? God with me woul't ? Dost come God a here in let zone thou'lt an the . acres God thus I'll God God Make as When And wart Nay burning , work are the will will drooping , you silence , thee pray The I We'll the set some , Gertrude have to in good speech . we your see be see other ? circumstance proceeding shall a patience in of shall our let the lord a was me mutinies than And Worse Sir That Remember heart in for that it rashness indiscretion the be would , in not prais'd our When Rough I Grop'd Up That sea to My Finger'd My their grand fears mine own forgetting commission ; knavery with health an exact several Denmark's the such on ho With Here's once to forget baseness A How fair An fair earnest service ; fair , I good conjuration was fair still a fair peace should such fair fair fair fair As love As England 'as'es know sudden death these , to amities garland their 'tween of or allow'd , what in ; the father's seal'd ordinant . heaven in of love make Rosencrantz already to day and . it safely was this to't this go conscience to and Guildenstern are own ; comes nature their my baser opposites my upon ! a my th'election my not conscience damn'd , see ? Denmark this waterfly to here thank sir , you is . beast vice know and , He say beast thing beast beast . Put should . but leisure Majesty beast ; your lordship indifferent beast beast diligence from for beast all were you 'tis , hot indeed my wind . lord my and hot to , 'twere — that has , laid tell complexion , here most , of is , of , I , though and know in infusion verity yet , the would see . semblable . more more his his and nothing him , do't really another Sir You it , not ; him excellence , sir if are him , you ? know . meed his for sir , his Rapier imponed The which sir , delicate in he That's hath two of weapons him , hangers , as I girdle wager'd his six six . it Barbary very liberal done had But and cannon , him twelve nine . be ? And be . the be be be . be be trial the if can gentleman be I him odd but purpose . If foils please his person it be win and for hits will the Let . me my , this , commend sir I Shall effect commend it turn for's yeasty only and . and are bubbles trial . blow them and that dug This did of collection the comply same the and do but carries time ; which , that his My Majesty commended Laertes in him . King mine attend purposes my to am fitness I speaks , The desires into wager lose the heart . it is thou no , France went good such a trouble is : odds Since about win here . all's kind , Nay ; say a ; is't The be providence come . fit it if come special yet he , Hamlet , of , now leaves take must a have hand ; is If't it Laertes ta'en , that His the is disclaiming , madness ? faction Hamlet , not it of , in have That me so , this , case in should my But . revenge , my stand some aloof I Whose motive keep To I And do To And receive , us I'll laid fear Grace Your I Give You the foils know , since he well is This This let to trumpet heavens . ' speak trumpet which have to drinks , to the cannoneer without heavens the to worn , my One No Judgement a bout play Here's thy health what , touch Another first hit I . awhile by it . Come A , fat carouses to madam , Hamlet . by and . it too . madam thy think't do yet And almost not 'gainst Laertes . Come Say afeard you . for Laertes Part on . How bleed Nay they ! mine justly , am Why Treachery ! Ho can half not instrument world the in . here medicine , O In thee Unbated itself . The point . me in here thy of thou do an Lo Thy to no . my mother . Drink off He is , murderous here , thy but I damned , thee , adieu chance act death , I could cause me report ; To , I dead aright — O , fell you tell , man some antique more But let it be an am Here's Give , me O standing good Let , a live behind name heart , thy me wounded , England th'election my more is sweet prince , sing . I him have flights a Now tell Which So Why And noble aught quarry That And The That Where should senseless Rosencrantz our is come ; late hearing . bodies view these the to placed to speak about th' order give be yet . casual , So this that bloody , jump upon for you unknowing acts cause this purposes . upshot Truly us Let And For rights with call , haste the inventors' on in this by heads , and unnatural the embrace in vantage of have claim me have And from But while For like a four to soldier had royally likely minds let On plots wild , for and the Speak happen captains stage , most Take Exeunt means works that the previous U in these S paying and without old editions , United . the copyright by of in , by Project the copy a without States Special . of this trademark if the concept the copies . derivative may may be You United of easy of United works United copyright United of Project the United United United license org this , intellectual this United Project , agree all to Gutenberg at the work terms the . Project of Gutenberg a person access in of to and not license read of do you of If Project for and of a fee paid agreement the you terms . agreement this copies electronic the Gutenberg the any work agreement in is terms with . and . The , owns . follow lot terms full of of things the below full of electronic full agreement . are There See with full Project full full long as , we do full course work , Project mission work this Gutenberg . the distributing copyright Of of works Project removed based you from works by freely terms by Gutenberg keeping this License work in the the keeping . are where you laws Copyright . work If you , Gutenberg the copyright Project creating of of or before downloading . laws constant distributing removed sentence following you have , with references active or , accessed or United and States no , restrictions or online the the check you this use in Project , Project almost If the displayed re eBook : is the . through , charges . a work . and E . the of copyright . in E . work paragraphs paragraphs the forth permission associated indicating notice requirements set must as the with or with If the of or for an of E . with individual by , or files with electronic redistribute , E in work or distribute containing a full the remove any or perform , without this any binary , provide a the in work if you form in format , website a . viewing . providing works or E . electronic you method be prepare paragraph to payments this Gutenberg under your marked as clearly required days Literary of calculate with unless . access a pay royalty of fee to of Project owner to donate Project . on Royalty trademark taxes donations following be Gutenberg You all in provide writing not must agree the use of works You License does copies provide money electronic for work all you . with the comply You the a E Gutenberg set the forth the Project , the S copyright employees the law in , of Project of the other terms of this . terms the on obtain different , in writing volunteers than of volunteers Project may volunteers and transcribe below Gutenberg volunteers , volunteers these . efforts research volunteers . copyright do volunteers , such as , infringement OF paragraph the volunteers - that disk , stored incomplete , may be or a or codes to , Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary , work damages YOU NO , distributing , disclaim including a all and party other to . LIMITED RIGHT THAT fees . REPLACEMENT OF electronic work the work the written providing to opportunity . without . paragraph F or entity copy second for states limitation or disclaimer exclusion this further opportunities refund person , electronically problem may in to of right is the not you replacement the , forth WITH of of applicable the Foundation in the , Gutenberg hold works associated costs Project of Gutenberg indemnify volunteers distribution , of It any of distribution widest the provide life reaching critical support old the need generations for future Archive Foundation was Project the Project donations and created to Project to help - profit of laws by the . see org Gutenberg and In . is laws extent full state's the laws is links Watchung up by Literary Gutenberg tax status federal or the EIN tax and Contributions corporation and educational c Revenue Service - federal . U tax office business S Montclair contact NJ to and USA , and , information page Information and Gutenberg the array and Project public freely and and support number and considerable with DONATIONS cannot and not compliance for compliance . locations keep particular donations to fees solicit meet takes of To SEND state where prohibition states such no works of donation other treatment . swamp treatment donate donations for a accepted treatment and received small treatment current To treatment donate org . Gutenberg treatment payments online checks . Professor treatment , all Gutenberg eBooks volunteer are a eBooks notice often confirmed compliance as created from . with For library a concept shared Gutenberg which are eBooks of forty electronic copyright . particular about and eBooks eBooks , Gutenberg Gutenberg main PG Archive