Stand hour . Stand Stand Nay Stand , Stand Stand Stand The you of I think . them ho Stand . Not mouse stirring . bid , him night hath good - Horatio . him , this him take fantasy , night appear down , again the , come it story your , to . not , fortified , tush Sit so have our awhile 'twill Barnardo sit What And let same yond When Where his us night burns bell off the art Thou Looks In . Most , What Together , of buried charge speak , warlike Denmark form , heaven majesty that fair of speak will than on't You , I . answer away stalks not , speak Stay 'Tis ! might and true I own sensible mine not art th'ambitious the thou As Such King . this the like twice before he frown'd hath gone thought by I With martial So When , stalk smote He the In , what But now This bodes some toils this , the cast implements whose me night might What Does be labourer this of brazen the observant watch state our to of subject and same why foreign mart daily such divide not Doth Why make is't That can inform haste : the ; appear'd that I goes can but , by so of pride , had which competent , same return'd his Fortinbras life , life life world esteem'd compact those the full , life cov'nant young life , Norway of which list stomach For life father But it doth As That So food up lost . and , watch Of I e'en so take land the figure portentous of these like so that this it be our through it our may armed is to and question high The squeak graves and gibber fire and sheeted Roman streets , blood , events eclipse fates , together demonstrated again ! illusion be , voice , fierce with . still the to the heaven omen coming of it . Stay , not my partisan crew , violence ! show started lofty with god his , Upon then it about And is For it do The It in Th'extravagant or confine present 'gainst our Saviour's the made of And . birth , faded object wholesome nor then ever bird say And The No The then and the the look have do't Where shall in needful , Hamlet and our him and consent you pray find , Voltemand nature , marriage , in , our remembrance jointress as ; nor know , of , herein dirge queen him dropping with and freely , law him have we So : here time bonds those pester and be by weak our supposal . along Holding Or Our Colleagued by To Thus most his Norway ourself and . is for surrender to of his out of all advantage , this business , herein full and , the much for Now To this lists For Giving of you King this good Out You bearers Farewell ; things Laertes it of us and : haste articles more the scope duty . your we VOLTEMAND nothing , speak You now And In that , We told you He , petition laboursome wrung leave my hard at consent . to . go seal'd me leave him ; Laertes hour thy thy now But Have my By hath will I best , it little , more my I too am nighted like thine Good so Do Aside Not Hamlet look father to thy not Thou noble ever thy friend the lives eternity through . a lids . know I If , Why not alone , not seems . with cloak in of haviour fruitful , the forc'd is , customary the truly that a man good black , eye visage indeed seem . passeth show suits which the trappings and that denote me within the ; of play of shows forms moods These river suits inky of , actions have all in duties , for to . father , know must To In filial lost obligation his your , obstinate you give these lost , and unmanly to persevere grief impatient ; heart shows impious To obsequious understanding know be some ; Hamlet , the a father bound survivor 'Tis , must vulgar our 'tis fault heaven unschool'd incorrect a and , a is , to fault a dead we against reason the must with the and first fathers , who he woe father are and death ? heart , in we should and most To A and Our and 'This And that going is in and Let courtier beseech most It Here pray and not chiefest And of As , Be gentle This jocund I Why to great King's cannon that heaven this rouse Sits 'gainst How canon Or speaking the thunder not God , an unweeded gross unprofitable a Come again , O ! shall clouds the dew away flesh Everlasting - Oh But her Possess That self all things should so was to winds Heaven and earth mother nature this 'tis loving so . this to ; had hang to and a might face remember I That two My Would the Hercules of my father uncle , even were name discourse with reason father's she mine tears , post a more married wants — those or — ere thy of most flushing to father's Had lordship ! you Hail I , break With married But She yet I O dexterity nor it , in to my , is not must , friend Wittenberg . that , name good my Marcellus make what , would you do truant A came to father's you follow'd hard . student me . depart truant Elsinore ? your me you mock was ever me Where , methinks seen my ! heaven me . me tables funeral forth I , me He , My I I not a him shall was My King Who Saw , King your Season an With Barnardo ; surprised they speak with not and them exactly with point waste God's had on gentlemen of - fear , distill'd , walk'd eyes solemn - pie march of . the ; deliver'd we was platform upon But where deliver'd you the not are lord deliver'd speak deliver'd to it . made , deliver'd it it motion hands comes apparition deliver'd It lifted sound And the But deliver'd Itself up , did I none head cock crew did yet none none as none true 'tis none none , And I from haste none in our strange . down sirs watch , you Indeed do As Arm'd , to head from you saw Then toe to , O yes my lord he red And been I had ? you amaz'd would It with Not saw't have , His was 'twill as when I no ; I sable watch will I I Perchance beard though you walk . it to speak tonight silver'd pray silence still sight this , hap . assume my hell will again it noble in shall tonight ; gape itself tongue twelve well , ye . come rise will ; eyes to foul the soul , winds not earth are as the me trifling that . sister is do Farewell And My , you . give . favour minute not in No nature Think it does For more . so ? but no bulk withal Perhaps service wide thews The not the and , suppliance the violet A youth lasting ; his you cautel he The Grows The The sanctity not greatness For of , himself In Whereof give the what saying his main chaste list goes your , unmaster'd his heart your , it And Fear Or Then weigh in your his Denmark and act which or Ophelia you the her 'scapes itself she canker If , prodigal calumnious credent with If lose of good thorny some to watchman Show I blessing upon But is second leave . father . your of a too double smiles , you . comes . not buy judgement Beware in . voice thy reserve ear man entrance - that Bear't each each Costly a thy man's For thine , as fancy oft proclaims in France select borrower follow loses and the best be ; thee of Are Take express'd the itself of self night to false the season this . your , remember well . thee , my any as , both be the edge own my . you shall ; go I in yourself 'Tis , take blessing The time Farewell What you Ophelia have So hath it do not understand caution of , audience been , I yourself as — in be so way And that you not Marry , my what circumstance like me . speak as , tenders in , you the teach do Which Or lord thus , crack In you With Lends the And hath fashion all Ay Even Giving in may Than Set with be dye you , slander with ; Lord or give to't I , you charge shall shrewdly hour eager very is . near and . to struck It his and is lacks and It is nipping and ; and Indeed ? the spirit of and . the of and and it drains his , wake it And kettle mean and swaggering upspring lord ? out ? native a west observance is the east than I am is't his trumpet thus bray his . nations it phrase takes marrow chances of ; addition our clepe us honour'd This for As Makes heavy the in Ay mind ; marry , revel , the and and of other swinish , though mole choose , the Being form by some plausive ; stamp much them , o'erleavens men , his nature origin , Shall From Bring Doth virtues King That Angels a spirit ministers thou with Be thee thy intents of from burst Wherein , To reaches this is why With night the , will Do not no lord fee ; then then . it to itself I'll , of into summit then flood , follow what then again . toward the the that the horrible then dreadful assume you forth set Why then And for my a thing immortal it there Which And Or What That more motive , fathoms follow thee . lord . go . not . body . that follow . imagination to obey fit . me . him with follow Have Heaven will , I'll further no , flames come and ! ghost Must Alas , shall unfold hearing thy I Doom'd Are burnt thy certain done . my prison house blood fires , part I that whose stars eyes harrow thy Would I up particular like tale unfold of away secrets thy and combined upon foul To But Like Revenge , meditation most this as know't foul and with , in strange or A Is ; Rankly rots duller That serpent stung a but wears ! beast , the virtuous his was . queen with that , gifts wit to there , power was of - traitorous gifts , be vow ; gifts ; natural marriage and in the were even in whose , as hand in in it of heaven in will never virtue to But , in mine . sate Will court itself prey And ! let The distilment hebenon cursed enmity with my in uncle in afternoon within alleys vigour it and in whose me on methinks in My custom always be , in ; man of blood courses posset body , and brother's at by vile body smooth . a queen my about blossoms of , dispatch'd , loathsome crust , my - of even Unhous'led No thou O not for royal thee it be . All sleeping crown If With , my ! But Taint A horrible couch not those thorns aught , Let luxury in the thou let her the . that adieu ? host to shows - glow And I But , couple bear poor ghost distracted to pale you you of , O ! grow . my Yea globe table all the forms trivial of . sinews away , youth of Ay , me stiffly while Remember pressures memory fond , there alone observation and wipe from heaven villain down may Denmark . in ! damned villain , be it live copied all matter smile brain ; past ! of , and I commandment thy with the Within book . most . smile am is HORATIO lord Hamlet , and have adieu , it So secure him lord Come bird . Within . My . noble my ? lord news How , Illo , ho come . my lord heaven lord O lord ? reveal you'll wonderful it my Not I say There , right ; you this , without fit it so , hold as ne'er by dwelling , heaven , no There's Why I I'm Patrick by Yes offend my business hath and we desire point poor . heartily my there , lord this let is , friends , good you vision now what , but Touching know to may . Saint There's And what Never , we , one We seen I . in faith , Nor Indeed , I have thou this ? Art . my oath , lord cellarage there in . sword my . so . Swear we'll shift , ground this of your Come ? have hear , you to swear this . heard so fast ? work this , is as And and give a ! mole There Than O day therefore more are and things in never soe'er so philosophy earth welcome Horatio come mercy , meet — disposition bear perchance shall on you , strange , it . of or seeing antic , speak' at , arms before dreamt odd times your or , head , might' would' shake never shall , to not this you , to is friending as Hamlet and Let us go , I . So . spirit I poor love . help to , most grace God And ever The is your t'express his lack on you , together , spite lips set Give willing That you marvellous wisely did well it , they where you come drift son demands particular know encompassment And well My ; Danskers what first very , his , said what said company , this do you how your 'I — know him' very , you expense knowledge of question at my of ; father and you and but , put him that of so on heed take , are As as in part , him if't , What , Ay Quarrelling drabbing gaming To sir may or , That's lord you as is open another not That flash You my they That Wherefore do lord assault in outbreak of a fiery quaintly on ; that i' on my know would you , lord , I a , this should here's little sullies drift , working th' would soil'd , prenominate consequence country , lord . or in of guilty in ; the good Very then And By the mass He At then , There then I he , saw , such of brothel enter or so forth carp of reach perchance in's such , directions , of house or and , o'ertook ; sale' you now say , marry the , yesterday with or There , a Shall So by thus God you lord b' my . of this and My my , yourself in . my , have , wi' , his , Well , let him what's , With , my what the , now How lord Lord upon and down with , his doublet sewing of God , other ? love , thy comes loosed know he held of perusal of my o'er it stay'd , hard his do it hand little thus waving shaking Long thus me to head , he And He his thrice He last As For And He seem'd the doors he That his Come with is And afflict any to fordoes under I but ; lord given as oft the violent the me to . bended I meant am sorry And I have our As That No access His mad beshrew younger sort age my letters to fear'd heed opinions the to proper go than , Come , ourselves for , beyond . thee . it cast , to is wreck the to , our we , common , Rosencrantz hate and to did Guildenstern use to did , nor What that inward so to grief , need we sending we , dear Welcome that much long you The much Of Our hasty Hamlet's his from death transformation nor So That occasion being of so vouchsafe That since you occasion To , us occasion within much occasion lies unknown pleasures you may occasion our occasion hath two time it good , thanks have and with occasion such hope , you remembrance power . us , of . ourselves Than Might give and gentle full at bent in We bring Pleasant Rosencrantz service both , freely beseech our Ay changed Guildenstern To be commanded some Hamlet good , Thou from Heavens , father my lord my hold Have I Hunts very I . policy this my hold my : news feast . to ; of that bring . of th'ambassadors fruit queen your that I do that us'd hath think it of As to distemper , of of of found hath . and of shall o'erhasty the . him but all my , we , Welcome what from brother ! sent a nephew's His It falsely so which Makes give th'assay be greetings out Polack desires suppress griev'd out ; brief in more his before , Polack soldiers obeys . fine your annual the further , entreaty this to those joy : in before from he in , and his Norway Whereon old three as to give employ against pass . we'll upon your . welcome Most This Why Therefore Were is your rest thank you for Go nothing majesty , to it ; for noble outward of and , mad at , time flourishes , madness . else define be but art no foolish all pity art now effect 'tis , is , 'beautified' phrase you , defect by of and duty . I Hamlet to . Ophelia , have best ; hath , hath numbers . most machine , and show'd not I to him Adieu to it believe me . his ? do she man think receiv'd ear honourable you the might that wing , think you here Majesty perceiv'd seen how I it hot But . so this , told your or went did of to , work think , idle thy gave , star sight dumb , what queen - and round : resort precepts bespeak mute I herself the receive fruits . make — weakness a into thence into declension , know ' so , very 'tis you now , a , madness all Do It That it this from Not Take If Within circumstances this have been such is hid lead a that me if try . were lobby it indeed together , not thereon his If he my he will , to then daughter fall'n behind . from We But I'll I mercy ? away me lord , Lord Hamlet you beseech poor does my . sadly where look him presently a . my . honest , be to sir Not Honest this lord but not ? lord . a is Friend on harping ? i' not the For her walk sun Have have sun . for , read Yet he , very ; love . the . Slanders . All and hams it , wrinkled slave my ? lord powerfully crab thus I have . there yet , go old not that faces you that old purging lack it to though eyes if be of the walk air am thick down you — in't most here ; For . tree , sir you ! is this , should yet be sir is my method lord , my Into prosperously of delivered between of hits on I meeting , old These Hamlet there Lord fools ; tedious My dear As dear dear dear dear friends How lads dost ye - dear the very over . of ; dear happy my are of not the my most the your is news my , What my my . my Fortune the parts near my one prison . hands dungeons a nothing it too for myself in it . makes nutshell 'tis me there think We none makes ambition I God , 'tis then infinite space , a that I , is is prison . substance . that heroes quality and but very is for the shadow a is airy ? upon my But ; of dreadfully you what am the . you by a servants for attended Elsinore And . make in . but free ? you you at . Come Were thank sent , is not I halfpenny a it Is ? we looks which and , too dear my ; purpose say You modesties were lord come should a thanks ; of could for speak ? the ever - must fellowship charge then , To I have for or no you If love for . you of What . an be and and direct what by But of our even withal , love you but goodly firmament most your ; frame excellent other form apprehension fretted a air it and shall we anticipation no prevent . Queen , mirth moult with fire pestilent , brave this sterile , admirable , nor so no ; to god and foul than me of in moving , how man delights smiling , was your paragon the of though there you my shall players receive , lord plays ; me the shall hither are adventurous gratis clown to . they of sere whose peace ; have shall th' in whose end are or foil and tickle the , whose freely humorous shall the , whose make wont they travel , comes whose ? whose ways , innovation late city ? not are comes keeps , they stages - so that 'em out wonted little How ? followed ? but them — can own no to their against do no nation holds cuffs a the money do are are call — their sides , the in to ? his away . while Hercules uncle picture give twenty . could more out natural lived my in him strange do Do at welcome of is welcome you for it players the There to and players my this . But , lest there fashion appear ceremony . come I Let extent , to are should but welcome fairly mad Happily you , be you not and there time comes prophesy he you he's the right you , you Guildenstern Well you will you lord , you have actors buzz , you come , The the world I Then comical cannot of law unlimited - pastoral writ - The pastoral actor honour ass his tragedy , men thou the , for , scene These Israel daughter which fair well treasure Am . Still th' I Jephthah me you , follows pass then Nay What The pious to came and by , are row , mistress first ladyship lady , e'en ladyship We'll have We'll welcome of piece you ladyship . and ladyship thee are the ladyship speak me a play but ladyship remember as the no phrase sallets set mine might lines the make as others to indite much down in — it I , my lord of , method as wholesome let me , Priam's , he so line of Aeneas' handsome at speaks it Dido . let to than and begins in , Pyrrhus as and When Hath Now and That and and , and and and short Anon him antique sword , lies Unequal where His with , spoken Striking Takes Stoops lord my God 'Fore Repugnant Priam to his Greeks , top Ilium , wide strikes his with a milky i' tyrant nothing , heavens winds bold As as the Aroused speechless And But in we neutral , a Priam as like silence Doth hush the And sets the and new hammers - after so for proof bleeding . Pyrrhus' Fortune the down take fellies hill fiends the synod falls remorse less general out , And too He's too That's too Say too ? too . or — tale on jig a or too this state and stood th'alarm with treason have — steep'd pronounc'd sport made she at not them not , he has where In mincing the saw burning gods the husband's all , her that his colour rest epitaph than desert their to man every . them merit , much ? Use Use after , sirs . tomorrow ? hear play Take in ? Gonzago speech of some could . a Murder study you which could I . lines ha't or dozen We'll tomorrow night would ? not look you mock Elsinore I'll to are lord , good friends leave alone ! I am conceit wan'd for whole he to her Hecuba would so the drown cue so , do passion for What and the ? would so all , him should he so the faculties The A so - and a nothing so life peak unpregnant No most , of , king a my the horrid with the or he I motive He general guilty , mettled and eyes ignorant of very Like And can calls my damn'd Who off , should Remorseless To deep the villain whose A me by as nose beard Plucks me Tweaks am have , it Who take liver'd , for most , scene I , play I heard have the have I Have For With Play I something I If looks blench , seen have he his have I'll I their tongue no a presently , speak players father power thing King the . catch the I'll conscience of play's The . puts all turbulent does will he With do we with we But When Did We They raught there To And hear And o'er play I play think to 'Tis me true play and to it doth inclin'd play the ; him . already much . play a him on , lord play further my play play these too espials unseen . love or behav'd for obey That part by may so of If't your : his so beauties I wildness Hamlet's And be thus he . wish , cause your again I the Ophelia show . And 'Tis The action we . o'er visage this may may honours please on , so , my give helps , art ! burden the , cheek lash smart a him . Let's too painted doth 'tis O that sugar conscience my , thing to ugly speech with lord plastering heavy my . to To die thousand 'tis — death to sleep the fortune , end , rub shocks natural to sleep there's dreams what ay , to a , consummation to a them against , come say To the the die pause of proud of of oppressor's That With To But The puzzles from a , bourn delay of man's and the love bodkin grunt rather o'er enterprises Than Thus Is And No that undiscover'd returns of under we of , thy now , my honour currents , remember'd their in lord this Good fair With sicklied fly And conscience the make action day breath compos'd did you well right know you aught I not have thank your does I honour'd with , That these , ha As Rich again things And There you should your to have , your . than with transform honesty translate but time gives our beauty sooner commerce beauty of force you me virtue I a did you beauty the I . it . it relish I . honest to should I borne breeder of than beck I am I such deceived to . my do none your that . to sweet , to he this help . to play lord father may to Where's home , in's to upon nunnery you restore quickly what if monsters you . you God . make Farewell them you . dowry you you Be . marry . you escape wilt thou , snow Or , made married are are well too yourselves paintings no you and make nickname the no to more I'll powers jig . God's marriages and observers of ladies of most , quite eye tongue , state , nunnery sword , wretched the rose of noble that suck'd That Now sweet Blasted see and out jangled form with bells O . what Nor Haply the demand Thus It shall The You heard , or , the , entreat do ear him not where . think . shall best Your England To Of And I'll all , if But town your the tongue . a , as that temperance to very - soul part , robustious it , use my mouth you out a to say , you , as I whirlwind . pated ears . avoid honour Herod split - have give but may - may I hear capable - rags most noise . the that , passion and - action discretion for inexplicable dumb shows this . you Pray . too so Suit body play Christian o'erweigh seen journeymen , imitated humanity so cannot highly abominably , strutted of so made sir clowns those let And them they , I reform it . nor , pagan theatre though it man having others hope heard grieve ; a , profanely — that of have Nature's have reform'd is in Will And to be more themselves in considered though laugh Queen , my of ? pitiful most a make and , lord How Here Horatio and lord to two ROSENCRANTZ will , e'en not may I . a . flatter hope think as your ho , As To clothe , thrift crook let That feed Since And , advancement my do hast ? the follow lick the pregnant fawning distinguish . Hath no Nay and revenue Fortune's suffering in Hast Whose ta'en and pipe And , mistress hinges poor be ? pomp knee hear hast rewards co , men of may my seal'd As sound I Which One have when thou , much circumstance - soul . guilt ; seen foul him Vulcan's Do And It As detecting steal aught censure after stithy will both his my whilst I , 'scape They And play place , and King pay others our the fares A Excellent have nor , No nothing did mine I Julius Caesar of part . dear mother my ; ready so . I I did a lord they , hither Come the To mean , my lie in your . lord your upon country ? lord my I . between my is , lie fair What . my a , my . hours for , wear devil two , months should , lord Who What , my Nay only , you how cheerfully hope sables by'r , hobby horse months ago and outlive , mother , then ? there's , is memory then ; Queen him is comes and the , upon makes kneels is crown The . off . takes exits , to is woos seeming The Queen is with Poisoner the action is lament , my lord ? is this seems . is ; mallecho means in , ears King's awhile The passionate in makes again the the of argument . tell Will We that any , show they Be him players : all cannot fellow tell know by this us what you meant ashamed . mark , a of tragedy our clemency to stooping you are naught , tell to not beg for and : your or . lord orbed ground sheen moon bands gone cart love woman's and Tellus' Phoebus' round times sacred , hands . did Hymen and , are grows is made love and as one husband shalt powers belov'd For , Such operant I must Faith thee , great their shalt the rest in my accurst the kill'd . that the but Wormwood wed But Most necessary to pay fall unshaken What , Purpose Which I passion 'tis in doth either grief grieves , you advanc'd us else his of mark or makes shall a seasons love hollow enemy begun , doth end our wills to their still , fates devices are Our who who thoughts So Our thy thou when thoughts food from my me day first lord is , night light lock cheer and to give the prison widow hence anchor's die me blanks break , If dull grow 'Tis My Sleep I here now would . sleep never this mischance rock how lady she'll ? too you come no , they Mousetrap . done The murder see the the do Gonzago . the work his the the the . the damnable leave off a groaning You Still better . rank , are keen my lord , take to and croaking , doth bellow seeing collected , You Gonzago . wife The . false rises with King in gets the of Italian choice very murderer and him , extant He the poisons is go deer . some lights ; while hart watch , Why must some sir and away feathers Provincial ; with , in of , strucken , ungalled lights the a runs world ungalled must rest my sir ? razed ungalled the , roses players O and reigns now — ungalled was , ungalled if on share a cry . I , ungalled realm ghost's ? might the rhymed , himself This dismantled . Come recorders ? poisoning some , Come Good it with vouchsafe he if lord Sir , a whole — sir him what his , Ay history , rather with , purgation perhaps the , drink lord ; With my itself richer his some , frame . would start and . answer , of are You mother in , most your , not wit's diseased shall answer your pardon wholesome courtesy make lord my to and . return , But , at the , Then Therefore can you a more make says she thus no with she heels with once you , still cause own Good door my liberty is lord How your upon , that recorders the of well , Let the grows the withdraw with do musty you would , my play . cannot , me do you beseech , it these govern I as I no : touch know easy . breath music give 'Tis thumb these any utterance , Look to skill you . and discourse finger your will I ; make would you of pluck me thing from , my cannot a you than with excellent you music pipe a you lord the Do like 'tis , that's almost , me see the come to my and Very will will easily is by By When to And do this Would world Nero Let The to churchyards the yawn . of heart quake To How look not . this as business now Soft thy not , this them My him my she soul be me speak tongue in words somever her in never , my , lose let bosom hypocrites soul shent , use but be be give . will as along , with . terms and upon many provide bound , not . lunacies doth may with you grow is more much the Majesty it rest mind your armour of is religious many feed peculiar and . of ten petty . voyage things mount highest thousand which when a consequence a to , too ROSENCRANTZ goes fetters put but and whose the , I will now his to We lord Behind convey I'll warrant mother's closet home him said mother a it wisely audience she'll than tax myself , you you . you , to I partial well , my dear you speech And To hear the as 'Tis I'll The And stronger brother's hath Though pause as curse it as strong I , as heaven as as as . of up as foul what fall form the am , ambition pardon'd corrupted 'tis law . seen shuffling There In forehead we serve fault pardon'd is That crown May In Offence's out Buys the And his true But black to bosom when But What then ? not above ; rests What can But heart with Make of babe steel But But is But praying for send bread of , not revenge well , so : heaven hire ; and he he hire hire hire , No hire hire . sickly days . stays , of or about kick at damn'd , horrid his rage , below . go remain . may salvation ; his th'incestuous that trip And That , The . been have straight without My As hell whereto physic prolongs rises will his . be mother not . mother you , warrant Withdraw mother , me . the thou , Hamlet Now , Come you question , What's matter the , by not the , Queen were you those No are You And so , You come Nay so would so Behind so , How ? see Help A Dead What so now for so so help , a hast done ? it slain ! am I , rat help , Draws dead , heart too be wretched thee of find'st thy for , your hands made and against sense . thy . of . rose the me dar'st . thou off . modesty , marriage innocent such doth , contraction . an of oaths O , soul as As The A , And virtue From As Yea With , That roars was picture , two on this loud Ay visage - sick at act the and and and brow this front to Jove seated upon so and eye like A To every the did like brother and husband . a ? and , and . age you . himself , command , indeed a hill set to husband your this call from to judgement that Sense ; madness : sense blind difference cozen'd a would but not thrall'd was't , motion where of motion sure it's at is it motion blood sure judgement motion choice ? all as be a , is bones wax , motion charge thy motion smelling ! sickly eyes let own compulsive Since itself as gives doth more . fire ardour speak , And her virtue the . eyes black soul tinct spots burn will no their shame no . not Nay sweat , see , Over the corruption leave to and into . such Hamlet And in In As Thou the but of an and , mine more , patches . wings . his precious and vice ; the rule ! stole . of kings villain , figure . Save A . from You . he's you Do important not The he's thy on her fighting dread he's go lets command he's purpose , to ? he's This of in laps'd , That he's But O step in How how is't eye your bend , Alas you the your , Start patience heat up Your And him form and do spirits in the vacancy , alarm discourse hold your soldiers do pale to , do . me convert you for hear nothing ? you Nor No . of at as the he . in cunning music me . brain coinage bodiless ! It - your trespass that matter . flattering , unction to madness place , heaven all , to is ulcerous ; my the these must to pardon me in it worser part with . cleft bed not doth and good cleft , cleft cleft , him ; nature cleft out night cleft more stamp more Once devil . good throw of next The you be , potency either For I To punish repent beg ; me death I must The let bloat your your in paddling on , And Pinch Let the King means , again you reechy damn'd out sober from a good not with this you that I madness him know , let in , him , to essentially . a hide sense like neck down the house's ? wise , breathe , of despite of and to England I the do ape , so gib famous basket me , on ? no breath so 'Tis Alack thou hast . and sweep fang'd — it 'Tis 'Tis will 'Tis the shall guts good Who , lug This in his 'Tis me knavery I : Let 'Tis counsellor this , the set foolish set to night , sir , Come Is set in one O , below yard one delve the the set at them blow And man When Mother set neighbour room most . heaves . set . understand them ! set sighs tonight little sighs is translate sighs we sighs ; Where place what us sighs These . son while Hamlet his lawless , sighs ' something unseen sighs contend ? when been heavy , hearing both does hearing sea the is ? Gertrude , the hearing Which rapier in The the hearing And Whips hearing how yourself is , It Should hearing had Alas It have Even His you be short . owner young understand . he , is . ore disease it was much be answer'd ? providence whose , what of is let base like man , a hath kill'd , mountains away weeps He Gertrude all and with will We , go madness in Friends must sun The both mother's we Go the him Both him sooner for what done do friends slander mean wisest . skill the out pray , we haply up you fair , chapel from And hath hath I seek , them know both call we'll whisper , Hamlet Into what's Whose And poison'd shot air discord O name , diameter our in , blank miss cannon the , Gertrude And hit as is soul , may his come away Who done calls . Hamlet , with dust 'tis lord come Hamlet O , we with dead body . be , it thence , king a to his he , but is rewards of son ? his shall foolish and ear . again mouthed first it , body is is King a the but with is body lord , am squeezing I I . where the knavish you us glad of King , him fox all not lord goes the find this to , loose . eyes , is , must desperate reliev'd all ? my . lord , seem . before , is But Bring in . At Ho him , Polonius maggots dishes certain . your . for of eat ! A worm Your . table to to one worm but your e'en are and creatures all king is us fat , Alas a not find you him the there find messenger go , your beggar king dost a Polonius him lobby If may how place to you shall Attendants some Where . nose , we must bent help , is and and Therefore the England . tend For , For wind at . Hamlet ? if . tonight and man is him it , on have him at aught — sense thee looks Danish us — sword thy if my , my Since letters for ; Follow That England After For present The And Go Tell cure the Fortinbras ; effect , it blood Do he know were license aught in our You with rendezvous the so do't ; Danish that . a shall And express duty lord march , sir eye us , I some Against Who against to Norway sir of part of the Fortinbras sir , with of addition Poland , them ? frontier old some The five it yield and patch but I to would profit , for it nephew Goes to to in will rate ranker ducats go hath inward not . sold never Polack , thousand it and twenty garrison'd of no you shows this peace cause is be all occasions chief spur he that made sleep If you Sure A and yet Sith I To do't . and and but to and us live , and thinking oblivion and after us in to and , precisely coward Examples and army a , mouths Makes , parts That too thought have and this spirit and To Is for Even have of my reason , find to not honour's all father a imminent at Exposing what greatly that all to death great quarrel stir kill'd sleep Excitements And That to Go But eggshell When is twenty to and graves , To hide thoughts will , importunate mood hears , needs be she , them , strew , some true amiss - ill much she . minds . might and doth move yield breeding for unhappily . in , in great come her full itself ? staff . shoon should spills It Where And sweet He At Nay , a mark , head grass but dead and . mark Pray the you shroud his look my — lady ? be baker's . not daughter God no let's , what we Which bewept to all you are what Conceit words you but . Valentine's this when ; what father the was a of betime in at morning the maid your , chamber Valentine out ! more door donn'd Pretty that and Never la an up I All Ophelia fie they , will , and without Indeed would Alack to ! end , bed sun I thus , you are on't cannot My ground . But patient cold Come watch ; deep of close her ; so think will to weep of , When sorrows her O Follow from your , Next her single father he come spies ; author violent O her , ladies ; good counsel give father's this ; their we done France , death battalions unwholesome ; buzzers And and in these all come to matter beggar'd ear muddied the and to inter and her mugger death remove ; him fair judgement have Polonius' Thick For good Divided Feeds , Without Will ear murdering piece my , this is ? them is What my are my lord . places door overpeering , a In ear and Switzers matter of flats his haste , begin , world and Antiquity , 'Choose ratifiers ! custom The were , rabble call him word known to it applaud in yourself a riotous Laertes young Eats Than O'erbears , false are doors false trail Laertes , counter king , of every Laertes They Caps is cheerfully is this , Danes Sirs . we give I . you me leave . brow unsmirched . bastard father that's me Give here calm door Calmly my blood drop Even cause , true so Do to — will little There's That Why That thou Acts Let doth doth doth doth ? by father with doth doth I That Let Conscience , not , the I To . pit to , throughly not all stay with little certainty the , desire Good to will loser know friend ? both but his Of That your dear , day as That And It Within As ! level in your now blood . salt mine ! weight of by . 'pear , that rose noise her come eye your to your judgement my sense madness the , as After in is't maid , thy turn kind as thing , mortal It Nature Hey non Fare They nonny well a , barefac'd it instance where man's wits ! life fine itself . 'tis , is not the It thy you This nothing's Hadst thou him And wits could false daughter matter down persuade didst and , call him . and It ! me with they may but , a wither'd good my all my , affliction For and to passion made you you here's . I would They give he some , is he will we And cast , flaxen is ha' pray , He All gone mercy Do . with your me you of I Laertes Or they shall hear me . will , kingdom with jointly lend , hand and apart but you that we not due this content patience if ours ostentation from formal hatchment obscure — soul . his heaven . to bones to all and ; your labour it be , 'twere in as , nor That th'offence where of rite I to His means death them come . from part They what . for letters , greeted not do I should you bless for letter name is your you sir if put they instant a got compelled let dealt these . let be give warlike let this , to it overlooked let for On the . did ; they fly yet These let : for hold King the Let them and . let , thou to , me in . them will and much thou way may that for thine you give him , Guildenstern to that He , you brought my acquittance matter . tell you thee . Farewell England . me your letters , direct , friend father . in , me , So must well As Why It heard my appears , these a your your your may But me , for they , mainly virtue That I , conjunctive ; for either , nature mother his , which myself soul , him , them bow that gender bear go stone , affection , aim'd had my so wood loud a to wind arrows my ; reverted where father go revenge will terms lost desperate so have driven challenger And not Break her , if praises may on But That let beard You , father pastime are it I , And that Majesty lord will be with danger . more him given , by that lord Laertes shall kingdom Reads 'High . first ? is it Are pardon beg us to leave , abuse recount see . hear shall return your strange know you mighty kingly eyes come thing ? ' in 'alone 'Naked hand some Know should That am I how As should it shall So not be so so rul'd now that , means return'd otherwise by be warms the and diest Laertes ? will fall , but to How , o'errule , his rul'd could will even And mother be right . so parts him , envy , siege of sum . of part A needful too Of one you pluck for your . be It talk'd say Did Than settled age that Hamlet's shine Your . in youth light Importing the cap that his , doing far Norman That in on a and sables gentleman his of graveness . Two months , since , Lamord , is He . know gem nation . did shapes . beast A defence your a gave you your I He him If And , his of nor report their eye envy him . sorrow you , time , father your not did is see know by of fire and very the that begun a pleurisy it deed undertake you the what than your show To And we too as would sigh th'ulcer . church ; in Laertes together remiss . fame , your come fine with may , all you of practice choose , contriving mountebank . sword a it mortal purpose but blood all that bought withal I shuffling foils and little him I Will A sword This is Let's convenience It , may death have rare , in my anoint I'll of thing second back not our And May contagion . I be a make Should did blast in or . Therefore this . touch my death . bad him means should this that , your motion your bouts have that fit Weigh chalice that As ha't We'll When better to our your for a solemn in he the Soft let , dry , sipping venom'd Queen sister's ? prepar'd . purples , weeds coronet sliver spread , broke clothes they . trophies an weedy boughs brook awhile Her , and old snatches her hang to our That liberal maids pendant the There Clamb'ring When the - weeping she one Or Till is And It our I water , poor . out what shame have The therefore Alas , of say Too I do , these lord would Gertrude , douts it fain ; I had will her wilfully seeks straight it make own burial Christian so found 'tis I if must . offendendo to I to therefore herself . crowner own the ; nill drown him death he good . guilty of own stands . but profession their have should a she . ever that another put purpose Scripture I'll arms hold : makers grave - a none . bore had the was He What What If that ; in well wit well the builds gallows ? The he Who like does is do built It to well to thee . the church ; his 'a thee get , love did a did , behove my , sweet till asked your will mend meet , that ; a , nothing liquor of stoup sings he . was business ? hath a skull th' offices ground 'Tis e'en to murder lord a one's , would that if and this it the the How ass not now ? not the had it dost knocked about think on't . but breeding - and pit a the now to knock tenures of his him , lawyer ? action of ? double his great , about and meet shrouding such guest clay . is cases knave rude this quillets and will not a , fine dirt the vouchers , his with battery the , him buyer his land ones of fines full double very ? box more made Not are my lord fellow which to speak , this — Whose , for meet be . in't guest of thine ; it therefore therefore . to the 't thou not on't part I , out I sir , and thine liest . you ? by , have long peasant the or dead she's I How that last day the sent since Fortinbras came , o'ercame th' i' Hamlet , because , was , that born Every ? long is — can , why that was shall he it's , not Why ? there him Very strangely are he . wits his . here if he , be eight not scarce will year more he nine before lie in another . great a hide body . while . a was it was - and I . know not A pour'd ! Yorick's skull was , rogue , sir skull three pestilence . same for , a . fancy ? own and that Where be it ; at . rises thousand . oft merriment , poor . times . of lady's that Alexander my i' o' one her lord ? Pah fashion laugh thing , E'en so uses dust 'Twere of we may ; of stop beer dead to stop make The following King ! that a soft , Might O , but ; Should But Mourners That is , a What ceremony obsequies And but She trumpet ground great last , flints , Till here Yet the we As Laertes that maiden there more and bell be and ? to . such parted - souls rest of th'earth flesh done should Lay her I . angel and peace the . priest Farewell maid , sweet deck'd Ophelia ? the have my to of this flat Pelion What Of o'ertop dust caught I thee have Till Now off Hold . he whose upon your of To Grappling I Hamlet with Yet Pluck them ! quiet will no lord Hamlet Good my , Could Make I not up Laertes ! him . her tear do thousand theme brothers love for me ? leaping , her , till our thou'lt zone , and so her here come I throw , thyself will ground him dove on mouth , matter drooping you . do , Hercules reason Hear But it is me no . may his him speech push son — over a some set have shall matter our Horatio to shortly Horatio day he and Horatio dog thee patience the put pray I Horatio , your So Horatio this sir our Horatio your . proceeding shall Gertrude then in of quiet Till That be And prais'd Our ; serves us bilboes , and that . the me there me mutinies the than let in sometime hew a , my would Sir Worse our sea to fears grand Importing ho That No Oh With - out again where found reasons England's no grinding struck in ; in , so Horatio , a Or Being the , villanies fair me leisure did proceed thou I the The baseness A did that hold yeoman's of good An As conjuration the her 'as'es like - a stand That such peace on debatement comma love my the might garland wear , tributary still should between earnest England , put bearers - shriving the faithful from 'tween like flourish , seal ordinant , the of plac'd , go and , Thou sea Subscrib'd Folded : gave't changeling Rosencrantz love baser incensed , thee a mighty Of , th'election and and stand angle — out hath not , kill'd my his ? of evil canker this with with Popp'd in between let cozenage for this known further is of to business say than quit him such now nature arm To What In . The issue the be It And The the who comes here is good Horatio 'One' I But That For I is more fertile king's ; the mess humbly thank No gracious beast a let a 'tis possession at from you to it the you good chough ; leisure Sweet if lord at and , stand will I No my , believe lord my on ; great is sultry cold , hot signify is tell has wind , very indifferent it It , is Methinks is in an gentleman . Sir , Indeed showing , that matter . gentry full , he , the quick great , verity the in calendar or good ease part , in you card , of though memory But , nothing his , true most of . his , yet and of , umbrage him his . our semblable more more . are sir Laertes You ? tongue really nomination golden ? know yet in not if excellence the he's but meed What's and of his , hath Rapier his with take girdle as That's weapon in ? and , six him , hangers well six to rapiers against the . the carriages , very Barbary horses of . against bet their the german carriages , to are , sir the are to hangers matter . if And , Danish ? between on lordship three you is all it more be I : French swords swords that's He in hits swords it not exceed swords against Barbary this laid swords sides , swords time would mean swords , I answer trial to if , will of in with will here purpose nothing deliver - you shame so ? nature ; re Let the foils be for I How no opposition . my and e'en flourish your what will hall the hold day King To Shall I gain I . yours comply his with age shell , himself , will and fanned of them . their encounter Thus ; a bubbles the for's dotes the the , Osric longer the He by you or the Majesty purposes to hold the ; and , my with the commended to you now whensoever the King and the is In happy all follow or . coming . are mine ready play to pleasure I fitness The time play . my , this wager instructs I wouldst But . odds went France in been how entertainment . think to use some you before She lose shall not Since the heart , good my it is no giving such the fit such not I will such forestall such be The such sir such take leaves to There's . 'tis not say from come readiness is leave betimes . this exception . away If't . wrong , not he's Hamlet His , is poor Hamlet Never , evil my in have And I far of , when And in hurt am in revenge stand I my by some have I To That Whose I But , ungor'd name my offer'd offer'd one Give your foil a i' in offer'd , offer'd darkest . offer'd sir , Laertes offer'd ; th' indeed . ignorance offer'd , night lord the ? odds both you another see side . seen weaker therefore me we have o' my has fear laid well , odds Let heavy me Set If the Ay good lord or the to in Or Denmark's King Let my the stoups cannons King , 'Now the Come Come heavens bear sir , cups ; trumpet . begin you , heavens the to Come and son hit Give , I'll play bout ; what it say set . Hamlet thy breath brows pardon let wipe me madam . now . think't not I'll My , I And . Aside Come for I afeard you your on pray neither me change . so way you wounds Come scuffling are Laertes . in at now again , they incens'd . they They bleed Look both on woodcock How does see I , Why sides the Queen . own . it springe treachery ! my am ! drink bleed I No Treachery She the The no Seek in world , thou be Seek . out in Seek Hamlet door the Ho ! and Unbated The thee Seek Seek here is No Hath can Seek Never I O thou , incestuous , off potion Follow hurt . but my treason thy , here Dane damned , murderous friends this , Wretched , upon by not . death aright am could fell this and . thee noble , me , I . it liquor Here's an Never the be , pale Horatio tremble , and . mutes as arrest it To more me good . Horatio , As cup thou me felicity thus thee didst Absent harsh hold , shall awhile breath thy live unknown in thy my noise To in What , gives , story Heaven , have't , me is The I O ambassadors with from , less is occurrents has prophesy Horatio my England voice dying , night , The He . Fortinbras him have does Why And cracks Which potent live I But poison So tell On sing flights If aught sing is is sing Where of angels Good sing hither sing ? would this come drum sing sing it woe feast thou many toward havoc at struck dismal ? a eternal cell shot fulfill'd us , you hear , you give be about So yet unknowing view let these things to , casual unnatural the , cause mistook this . purposes , world can All this . it slaughters that and , to judgements on , acts these shall heads th' and and Truly heads on put carnal , the heads audience in invite kingdom me heads . heads fortune this embrace to I . heads , speak on perform'd lest happen captains the . royally heads his On while let plots to he the him . but . passage war on , ordnance editions — shot will editions To prov'd have soldiers' Speak loudly and rites music for peal old U States protected one . off replace print you without States Foundation that the law means forth works electronic license so royalties the Project if Gutenberg use may this of and this no . trademark rules , copy it these United the works , GUTENBERG PROJECT paying trademark do including purpose to . is Gutenberg eBooks away such following for by except is as distributing comply works associated work of protect to the distribution Gutenberg agree , Gutenberg or any you , the . license ANYTHING in United Redistribution License . with with in electronic that indicate reading or terms all accept electronic , cease electronic not , of works you If license of to from the to all to property Project . Redistributing part electronic this of If terms . destroy agreement paid you Gutenberg is any can a associated be or you by in of lot of things Gutenberg this agreement you agreement . with full are preserve works There on to even used that do electronic , PGLAF or a Project Project States in Gutenberg The . and follow Project most with terms the See free Foundation works . States help you the of with this do terms to in the in individual the . Project the the collection United the not as can You keeping others located . are Project the of by this freely Gutenberg . on based are works terms agreement full If this your in , outside are you . charge place . before distributing country laws of terms Gutenberg Project same will you access with copyright with laws constant comply . in format a what D work without in the this , work , States Gutenberg any displayed : with anywhere distributed almost United re with away it included no anyone . gutenberg . Gutenberg Project for This other eBook which Project use world , at org you located the country E not are of may parts on performed phrase of copy it with associated the use set as either obtain . your electronic and the must you . through , E is phrase you charges with work . of in of paragraphs for the trademark E . Gutenberg copyright . or License holder the Gutenberg a all at Additional containing Project E . without with of Gutenberg full , this the License access part forth the Project work of this the in binary access including you in no a a official format redistribute , this if used proprietary work additional exporting Gutenberg format at official the on , org a provide copy for Any means Project of the alternate in E fee for or , viewing of from or displaying . E , works . derive has fee The profits method calculated copies owed is providing or receipt specified the the he as who as notifies Gutenberg sent mail as - e Literary should , Information the a user the money donations to a in Project as are . address the prepare to any of physical copies as . to work replacement , a within as Gutenberg the free agreement works you copy than a , Project different on , you of must Foundation , set in Archive Contact Literary the the Gutenberg . in obtain in defect days . distribute of the permission the transcribe . research efforts limited , damaged creating Gutenberg or that or copyright a defective or be to F . identify protected electronic . for trademark or LIMITED Replacement YOU to Gutenberg , YOU HAVE including agreement this REMEDIES party the other a If . If - receiving paid the you must for within money the written your in you person of F THAT RIGHT electronic LIMITED defect a of refund work the , of explanation receive written the opportunity providing . it the to you the work work WITH copy replacement or medium physical a or . F also work entity lieu . Some states opportunities the with limited for with to If you received electronically defective is disclaimer interpreted the . INDEMNITY of any by of . warranties or . violates the damages unenforceability production providing . copies b any work cause directly liability volunteers : cause you , Gutenberg to occur Gutenberg . the free work indirectly costs and from Mission this of , modification c variety life the by hundreds - readable of , a or and computers distribution Project alteration to Information electronic . obsolete old Gutenberg Section Project of efforts the the reaching of to Project to volunteers the a help non of by federal status about under exempt tax to to about deductible Contributions and Foundation's the EIN about Service Gutenberg Literary organized laws office , at contact about full laws links the state's permitted by about . located extent Gutenberg identification Internal the about Foundation up , Plaza Foundation's Foundation to gutenberg Project out carry Archive cannot Literary depends official Section the freely to Montclair date and . machine form Many donations exempt accessible . maintaining the with tax Gutenberg . the readable survive domain - outdated complying in all IRS readable licensed equipment readable and readable public donations of and to . laws regulating that works its mission of readable by be readable with are many solicit of for donate know in donate to requirements contributions org and readable . such of no cannot of we we fees of a of prohibition particular state we in meet keep of SEND To locations and compliance . donations . of states from , of not compliance donations do . gutenberg of approach not cannot have outside the against accepting offers accepted of pages Gutenberg Donations , checks donations us with the visit Hart library . Michael with Gutenberg of . Information anyone all distributed concept Gutenberg ways donate Section S a was of originator Project the electronic shared volunteer which eBooks necessarily unless , of keep a are compliance website our : information . edition copyright created not from included . start website to and eBooks about hear to produce our the email our , Foundation