, me there the answer For now 'Tis If rivals you this I And liegemen Friends farewell has my honest place , Barnardo , you Give reliev'd hath Horatio . him there . of fantasy ? tonight . it part one where Look . a Thou art In , Peace Looks It of to harrows By time thee form , like not it march away . wonder and art In Together speak gone answer pale ! See ? 'Tis stalks ! own sensible God this Horatio ! How Is ! now ! You , was he sledded parle . ice work this angry an in armour : the the hour , combated ; by on at watch our , 'Tis strange he some and the down why impress Why Good now , This bodes same for Who the Does So foreign night the can inform . image least Doth At - implements most tell strict subject of of cannon sweaty can that Sunday Sunday Did Did forfeit Which Sunday Dar'd to Thereto Whose Sunday Was , you by emulate pride him , Fortinbras , young sir which ; of by design'd return'd , the Fortinbras , Norway of , enterprise , other hand , take , lands it . head land I preparations the figure : like so state the , portentous other and haste watch sort it may armed That A squeak little The In A As the influence even Upon through be no watch of these so mind's wars . doomsday ; the and in mightiest palmy eye Rome . of trouble the the Roman and stood Disasters trains of fire empire Neptune's and earth events , moist stands eclipse earth , be . use . where , it voice of comes earth earth oft spirits earth earth . Stay of which art thou they it say , Speak treasure if , you womb uphoarded speak to be , If thou privy in ! avoid , in and in foreknowing , with partisan it it here will it For I ! here Stop it as show the the , gone ! majestical . malicious vain blows was about Upon a then It , it , To , Some It This , The Doth Awake god the , present singeth no , witch are then And hallow'd takes nights So in part in the morn spirit , heard of do hath power the believe . charm dare is yon up watch the have life , my upon with my him , duty him will seen hill know ? conveniently and this it speak by have ; impart , we far hearts be be with To To Yet memory our contracted in discretion wisest with jointress 'twere and weighing scale equal With Th'imperial sometime to , with one dropping in , dole and marriage gone our , we have have by our of all nor freely . thanks death Fortinbras young our brother's , out of law message advantage frame his bonds time have Fortinbras scarcely suppress levies made , is is is , for is bed - of is and , business the Norway Of this his is the are we you personal old is than allow more further , and dilated King no this and Of Out of his subject , the all And that and ; is What To From Your Dread willingly in shall not be offer throne of more the and though my my favour My to , lord your that again gracious ? toward duty coronation France , done leave , his best I thy But Take . A it graces it cast and am nighted colour Denmark vailed too less you hang , will son — kind , Laertes ; at and thy to lives that dust lids friend with on the ? nature , Passing know'st Ay , it so . mother , through If it be common common noble look eye Hamlet Good And Do thine not in particular it , all , madam eternity it is of might man of in the black madam 'Tis But these you and commendable mourning know his to your a survivor , persevere to 'Tis . lost In To Of To give your bound impatient grief father heaven common as and vulgar , and most Take filial obsequious A be For As a stubbornness shows be 'This must the , and he and of you We ' be let for , whose a 'tis to , be be bears love father no which nobility be For I that father ; your his be take note of with most to our less fathers reason It is beseech cheer prayers not lose with thy , bend to impart the are Than the of intent , throne world . you you and most the And going back retrograde to our comfort and to you , Hamlet to madam , and a today . that . shall bruit away ; come grace Come a flesh , dew not , again shall of accord tell clouds whereof thunder Re O 'gainst self the resolve into had too too weary to on't to seed ! it not to my this hang ! Heaven on him ! two O ! world O flat , slaughter . the uses was winds had Frailty and , Why too ! king rank so and to come ! that ! earth , grown , thy name were father's discourse tears the to — more . beteem yet ? she A me A have father's I Hercules in wicked speed incestuous galled month uncle , my . of post ! good of tongue my . well of of , to to , hold of for of sheets come must , to cannot I heart your your And Horatio I glad , The you to in A I would do my enemy lord my disposition truant To shall you to your know to came me , your fellow see is But yourself your that ear say so truster . I of affair your are ere drink what you deep you father's upon meats . wedding bak'd foe day see I my forth ! Horatio lord My ever I — seen met had I father Did , Thrift Or In I My lord King my . father for I , ear the witness to you let marvel This attent Upon an his Two Been In the Marcellus and waste before dead A , figure - with them . encounter'd exactly point : he distill'd watch the kept and time . like your they him act whilst made the truncheon's oppress'd and slow Goes And of These The , as they had each comes My But Did , with word night both , deliver'd thing apparition But where platform to address . methought , the vanish'd it as it would , speak once yet I was and shrunk from sound , like loud did honour'd lord in down our did speak ; 'Tis , To Indeed , And And writ watch , say you ? lord Arm'd BARNARDO We indeed I do live we As did think it you the and , me . in red Most , eyes you pale wore his frowningly anger Pale his I have It Very , very one like with MARCELLUS might tell it . Stay'd . like Not A again . hell . pray father's itself should , I this your ye twelve and , no , farewell in play foul father's doubt sit all the embark'd . Farewell hear you And , as are the do from sleep , now waxes alone mind not . and is his birth do will of but as nor no service to unvalu'd of whole state ; as ; must this his persons depends , choice his if be on health sanctity He For virtue And The wide ; will doth : own open , to particular Then yielding so his . saying voice , Out it Or Then weigh what act and place withal list your importunity your : spring , dew liquid not to of dear , affection calumnious their before Virtue his the you , To unmaster'd youth . else though safety are morn 'scapes the of infants beauty is prodigal . moon disclos'd enough desire strokes canker galls unmask the then itself heart of my th'effect Do not as rebels blastments and best lies in brother . libertine rede ungracious . shall to steep thorny puff'd some I As And , not primrose like Whilst Himself shoulder , steel tried . tongue . act adoption , of means being Beware unfledg'd ; but thought no their with thy thy , hatch'd friends thou familiar thou dull that Bear't entrance Take every man's express'd habit to as thy rich , thy buy man proclaims the fancy , Of each new man But Grapple Those a Costly each censure thine - quarrel may purse ; but in they not And thy This loan tend . lord my remember servants well . the , take And Thou Farewell The Farewell , I my blessing my do invites time is't 'Tis Marry , you told What please me he audience time private most ; bethought touching bounteous must put 'tis — tell me yourself Hamlet . of very , something Ophelia , behoves it hath is ! You affection like circumstance a . made daughter , and you Do such as , his lord , Of late many green call ? think . the yourself what tenders , of me speak to in , sterling Tender tenders you , Pooh Unsifted not , That Or , And With countenance call may you hath , the his tender it , he hath wind you'll speech of do the burns these blazes prodigal . vows lord , making - in know to , Giving You command your scanter at much a the more their something Be Than And entreatments so Believe may Than in Even how . maiden Lord ; soul , is parley in a his which . to believe Set This and sanctified like dye of give , charge obey lord come from terms beguile , words or talk plain is moment ; ways , leisure Hamlet . an very . cold The It is I No What nipping and the near swaggering tonight of then . is not Indeed The Keeps The drum of to And More Makes This And to honour'd heavy From The So it though of in of . the ; it though , manner the revel is nations and other of headed - in clepe Soil They mole Oft by of mole habit manners or mole general as infinite in , I livery mole particular virtues mole , that and wherein , say breaking mole Being Or By their From , lord fault be too much these , doubt men , Fortune's undergo . hell , shape from it noble . corruption us a , sepulchre ; hearsed inurn'd and quietly why , wicked tell answer , O ignorance in , speak com'st thy Be That Let not canoniz'd burst wicked To thou wicked wicked wicked wicked Why With Say hideous night dead Making Revisit'st That , shake What do ? we ? my will lord . the . that do . again , lord cliff sea reason it pin's ? my , itself a at immortal I'll of assume That if What Or tempt base some into very you might deprive place motive , toys roar fathoms madness draw The hears on still beneath many more ? every sea , it , the his the to shall not go off And to the . it so looks hardy I And Still I'll My rul'd body . this gentlemen that go . thee lets . By say heaven 'tis what Nay follow let's will Heaven after . in Something the , him . no further go flames . myself ghost and hear shalt hear thy , to fires thy certain foul the secrets am thou What father's spirit . unfold , am their lightest - that my freeze locks combined ; whose , spheres blood word house am to and particular upon Like quills each knotted soul tale eyes stars thy prison done confin'd a thy like this If To burnt the for for Doom'd Are I Make Would Thy and flesh of But And To didst O and Murder unnatural ! ever blood . thy dear list not porpentine . father , blazon eternal — love , foul the , wings love . with and best as find thou the apt than ; be itself shouldst I Haste to May duller rots ease . sleeping to or of ; noble life father's thou know forged , fat . Denmark of , weed , hear youth , wit , gifts and gifts virtuous that adulterate the was have his to , that falling of that there off what — with won most Hamlet From to seduce ! incestuous of wit whose hand in marriage hand seeming queen decline to lust vow beast - with ; natural virtue wretch lewdness garbage angel gifts in to celestial to made mine of those O Though ! be always of Sleeping scent afternoon whose on distilment porches my juice With . a the in ears blood on with courses of did effect of hebenon the air morning . on bed within thy hour secure leperous the of an on such curd The That with and And thin on a instant - a on , droppings sudden eager like I lazar The Of sent my sin crust , head my ; at body of the , but made my O horrible most . and dispatch'd , hand bear unanel'd , account horrible on imperfections all horrible hast not But Let ! thee bed of ! royal the nature and pursu'st , aught and those matin thee in the . mother nor damned thy her her ; thorns her to , that let bosom this my thou not O If thou luxury mind Fare leave ? act , contrive , fire well heaven uneffectual . his pale , worm heaven adieu shows What else ! adieu Remember O , Remember holds ? my instant heart earth not table fond all shall my ! smiling all of memory ? there alone . and and from while Remember by woman volume youth books away the up . my records live a thee ghost the poor trivial forms copied thy of , I'll saws So sworn't so and I of brain , lord secure So . ho is't How news ? tell — it . once an Ay But , a he's , my . Denmark . HORATIO villain by But dwelling all think lord . the grave are without , right hold I needs no heaven lord tell ne'er There's Why so it business and more us To ghost , this i' point and my whirling wild fit , And shake shall at we business my , as These , You it and hath but Yes faith , that , honest desire And friends O'ermaster't you Give may As much ghost to one , is't And , is For Never My known and lord my We . what make you MARCELLUS have , know HORATIO In Nay , we swear't my , I Nor sworn have We , indeed . lord . Swear Art fellow in the there , our . ground Swear . Come Swear hands hither your ? Beneath Swear Canst , and old , said pioner day And are A O dreamt as therefore are Here as , With to speak' ; giving : out . your , your . would' they do your , gentlemen to , your to together , pray your . right together your it . spite . let's joint on lack love friending in Reynaldo , sir you . keep they where ; Paris finding ; are . expense , particular son know 'twere , means Look it and question more . come and of ; touch will — you Than they and Enquire him' Ay 'And As Addicted But part , but ; ' and there wild and most that , mean be if't him And in may , To noted him please say , his 'not so , take you may he's none , wanton so you ; marry known ; lord , liberty heed youth and , may far . him go so liberty his incontinency in assault unreclaimed of taints of , quaintly blood — this . would know ? mind do good savageness A sir believe , lord , I Marry little a , these a You Wherefore But Of on i' ; in this 'friend prenominate you him , in of guilty breathe with 'gentleman' — consequence addition ; you He 'Good youth , As in converse you ever And I 'closes the then the man , mass According Very something to , ' say leave ? say you , say Where did say , say . of perchance day such there at enter say falling he with such tennis' or falsehood do out say Your thus , find , gaming was There , I saw say then my So windlasses brothel saw , yesterday so this : thus him Shall of takes we My God wi' I , lecture . of bias well , And let I lord music ? affrighted . matter what's name of the I my what as , upon I in been so God , me do truly ? he loosed piteous gyved , with his , his his , comes , know for thy , horrors look his down , had so been and his arm , I ; brow face , down profound bulk o'er his stay'd Long waving so thus it perusal of my he mine of without went their . very desperate itself light their way seek undertakings heaven , sorry words , as letters did command denied you and . am I sorry made better heed him His wreck to it had I be lack must This known It As hasty sending did we much ; inward have th'exterior nor Our Moreover need Welcome , we nor so put youth humour may you occasion to , and and with , you . remedy afflicts lies much two , he am gentlemen more sure whom That he expend much , us supply I unknown , hath show Might your Both sovereign to entreaty you have thanks us more majesties receive such our command bent , ourselves be , freely obey shall As Put up To Rosencrantz to gentle and Guildenstern . your gentle . changed I Thanks lay Rosencrantz , Guildenstern . feet visit you . our our these much And beseech , son make And Ay bring Thanks My too you instantly , practices . to presence Pleasant Are hast still . lord my , liege mine soul , not us'd or my that else I , my brain sure found that first news that it hath very fruit them the shall do to and , grace Give I Hunts Both to my And doubt my tells He My of queen of our . sift , marriage ; hath in to great , him friends . Norway found the to which , into your against was That On Was borne sickness preparation a His rebuke which his ; from , in sends , obeys out , age brief more Majesty your , suppress desires to out him truly griev'd and look'd nephew's first in Norway employ in and ; he his old Whereon Gives him an as against against , please dominions you allowance and herein this for shown Polack the pass ; give , to of might your such regards upon - together . labour : we'll at Answer Meantime Go time well us for consider'd we'll your well welcome night home . feast , night , to since , day My What majesty to day duty ended well waste limbs for noble liege madam and is is . wit . time ? true son Your brief be Therefore that I And will call I that is't matter let that be go less use I to swear , pity And that Thus that remains For we this that daughter — and , most Ophelia — is , a vile , Now and hear beautified surmise 'beautified' Perpend ? her fire stars the doth move , will to faithful awhile Hamlet ; stay a vile you that truth these , Doubt , Good never This evermore dear be to Doubt I I As out by Doubt at best hath But am love ill I obedience dear thee . love a numbers , in But hath As seen , hot must tell love honourable might the might When would I had prove But What perceiv'd dear I you my young think look'd given had play'd this No prince out I I love the man what . think what you that , gave star weakness tale of no , lock thus of , thence — sadness , watch repulsed she messengers And , I her , fast into short from then , with did round no into Fell And to then this . his fruits into raves very said a 'tis we for this wail all wherein a , that . otherwise know not then the the the the . the comes the both away . lord Well , You . reading leave mercy ? me so were , I you know well Do Excellent Then , to sir breed That's the be honest , very her say he I Aside ? conceive . th' my Have maggots , lord . dead you i' daughter Conception , is Friend look blessing as not for . Still do you fishmonger , to't love daughter What , much ? that says satirical who , very gone purging lack their , my read suffered words lord my Words is the matter read here a sir I to plentiful eyes you it hold ; gum sir I mean are which honesty wit men thus crab ? Will be old . For that tree most beards ; and should I walk that sanity could lord so Though this be go replies My o' prosperously madness of often means I from , sir except Fare withal cannot , You You take To ! How friends to Rosencrantz excellent My ! thou dear lord ! ye both . the the My honoured most the in Happy As indifferent children not are happy , Ah ? button very of earth . her question grown honest at ? she lord . middle true ? that news of . true news , privates news the Let my , her world's me news the strumpet hands prison a prison news news sends ? friends news . world one is , news . dungeons not so many , the , prison nothing it a or good are Then Denmark think being o' . it ambition makes bounded be , God , then Why indeed that bad narrow very dream the , too count the for ambitious but , and I is . king a your for quality and our shadow's ambition , in a nutshell have dreams of . light , you . shadow by my , and is of a bodies we you such way honest , you . other dreadfully my that a For reason with , rest monarchs sort you you like will I even . dear thanks , lord lord ? Were thank And sent and for free . occasion but halfpenny modesties have ? Come craft not . there is not ? for sent sent ; you rights the my , by , could proposer better by have whether by more the You and lord Queen your a direct ? love , direct you say What you dear were direct sent you me let . me direct obligation your I mirth feather prevent for anticipation direct so heavily my Queen and ; wherefore of direct this firmament and your exercises most goodly direct , excellent secrecy and frame no to why we , custom , of that , how beauty , me god forgone . no my to , roof thing , paragon ? by quintessence , an in delights smiling no not , so the in of brave fire with fretted than , like no how express a : congregation why it noble , action ; admirable , what to . say when laugh My lord Why players plays the adventurous sigh gratis make shall the , those shall say knight laugh coming welcome be king my lord from they shall shall whose What players ? tickle o' in ; entertainment Lenten and on coted We offer , target Majesty the mind her for't wont take hold the by innovation ; the , residence delight in . ways such in city Are . late I they , indeed they No children most the common that the come them aerie I Do they , of pursue rapiers are afraid , they themselves 'em can are they thither . writers their — own succession . wrong is say ? while a ; to than maintains cry wonted , clapped . their endeavour little stages of tyrannically . are , What berattle and so . they most if their , if make quality no there Do carry throwing , them been , very mouths while my father ducats ; that hundred in there , fifty would Ay do boys lord his it away ? brains of for strange a something this is to more lived , philosophy and Hercules is picture out my . than for uncle at , the . are you the you with than , like players . Your the the , handsaw the with - are my the you welcome fashion welcome of should uncle yours tell I which players west from you , an hearer southerly . That for . man . wind the . When . be Well north to morning twice tell a ear is You it indeed . an . lord you actor Roscius you are to was tell When I actors , have come actor honour buzz players the lord news The best , Then each comical historical , scene pastoral , too be . nor his , either for pastoral , These heavy he , what a , Plautus individable tragical , historical or - my - Israel and historical - liberty the in actors cannot comical - world of , which . he The Am treasure had 'One What daughter fair , more . passing and well my no love I . a that daughter old my th' right , follows I , lord well my ? see where I than your , like thee look For is glad my since it you . comes lot will the pious my O thou . passionate Come , speech . us . voice when young valanc'd , well anything you fly a if million , the or taste others not , and excellent it , falconers within cracked a was but , Come speech quality straight speech for matters the digested affectation , the in matter where he called to slaughter , One might indite it in make as modesty to the in live in in let the as of with no were the in , as in lines an in thereabout and it of your see as , If , line 'Twas , especially not It : ominous complexion , mothers Roasted Priam you . resemble night sons and trick'd horse to horridly a hellish Pyrrhus , seeks proceed lord my his to But with Pyrrhus his feel the finds to Stoops Th'unnerved whiff at too So , finds , finds God , falls to finds father Pyrrhus' prisoner Of reverend finds finds Takes hush But like Did to tyrant a as this And Doth As The winds we in silence So Mars's Aroused On less And With A armour as bold rend And shall to He's a mobled It for blanket About Run rheum and ! barefoot With Where , state gods if late bisson her seen and all with sword malicious and , But The Unless instant When the saw in mincing Would mortal milch passion the move burst this had In have And the in things he , where not has his them not clamour that husband's at of thee for ; used My lord , you and ? of and the . desert , and . better , after Use more Come your , 'scape man use while were are see death well will , better them according man own every to . chronicles bad than their ill desert after your in I much whipping , sirs . Gonzago some could , in't a not insert mock friends him you welcome lord Good . and . sixteen tomorrow , that . could You which a and My You night lord and down set not Is fiction , Ay That Could in it what b' O not , this am . are till With broken eyes all And What ? and for would with ; speech horrid the guilty He motive for weep the Hecuba to , her force in John dull dreams . my , stage Hecuba for function tears free , do a a I muddy was made , villain defeat damn'd Who can A Plucks Like Confound the faculties and , and ears rascal of life Am me nose my , to gives But 'Swounds oppression pigeon lungs ? it , fatted I offal , lecherous kindless villain villain lack : the blows and property and not for dear across ? for face ? i' me be ! hell is father my ! a dear and heart heaven have ! the at play a of soul creatures so brain Have And Prompted like fall a the slave's am , This murder'd most , ass to I Why Must him know I'll murder most the . spirit murder no that scene I'll If , course like . uncle Wherein he Out T'assume May tent Before For mine Play the I melancholy spirits perhaps power King play's of the the have such and , thing , distracted means circumstance confusion of days no keeps be sounded , some can Grating He When we But do Nor Get so With turbulent and confess from by to to . demands reply our disposition , well . certain players his of but ? him told joy court pastime him they are Of these we have him kind before to him way about . further . content Majesties order me your ; to me night to play entreat the and inclin'd To all hear give on my We With drive shall my as Sweet , purpose . delights , much , lord these a to hither , us , no for his love suffers frankly , Affront father he Gertrude 'twere sent , For Her so may of have th'affliction thus shall him good beauties your wildness Hamlet's their ourselves and gather We Will bring part shall the hope way . please you Gracious so . I so . your again wonted : to , bestow you here that We such . Ophelia it walk Madam may , with devotion's doth devil The And much Aside my painted burden beautied speech himself 'tis we sugar . are art it . heavy thing with do o'er , word withdraw that lord question suffer fortune of die To a arms arrows ? of be to not or Whether to Or be slings , I him opposing ; flesh Devoutly No by heart take ache die this shuffled death There's mortal to thousand the heir sleep Must that what ay — dream . we sleep , to sea — natural 'tis shocks end may come long scorns and so the time contumely life there's proud , love dispriz'd wrong bear makes the rub , respect fardels these his might sweat country , make bear the all not us ills bourn , have of those from after of cowards thus the us fly With Thus And And The fair this enterprises Be Ophelia name o'er of the lose ! with the great their of native of that traveller makes Than does of hue , awry thought and Soft you turn many this , remembrances of - not gave No I them , yours . I long now know their breath did compos'd lost the sweet you aught rich more for ; words so , well lord of , honour'd these wax There , My prove honest when you lord ? Are , ha gifts be That if poor Ha ? beauty honesty no should commerce from gives time transform sooner a you for once , honesty can now so force love . the have your fair , beauty . will beauty sometime lord my , than with honesty the bawd a for than of power was did with such , better nunnery . but wouldst virtue sinners ? proud old , and ways Go . us or have things of of not . my . I beck them do , own house , doors Let O help him you sweet . lord the fool dowry thy Farewell this , shalt not Be . marry needs thou wilt make them thou he . may as : well snow thee , pure give him as plague if what and , powers , make nickname no on't creatures ; know O have , will have . a nunnery paintings go farewell heavenly yourselves well heard and Go shall glass Th'expectancy , the scholar's , fashion rose a , too jig you God enough another more of the of deject most and of of Blasted with bells most and see . youth I , me sovereign blown harsh out tune woe see form on little , out O . is and out what , vows seen form unmatch'd out see Now Like sweet out that it sits for tribute disclose , out England : thus on't heart you beating matter brains his himself What , countries quick I he our different expel ? with shall . settled something variable neglected objects seas shall and hatch which determination danger do it the Haply With fashion This the well love us lord , him grief you , do and , do The from need it you it and origin We How , My what Hamlet the round , him where ear play ? Ophelia said , after fit all alone hold mother ; grief let his But ; To his I crier I , it ; do too trippingly to ; I ; passion , to ; shows and Termagant as for the of passion of . fellow , inexplicable as in saw torrent acquire to it whipped as offends you the very must me as . as action discretion own as special . of warrant Herods such split give may to , I the and her is that feature form is the though time virtue body to a whole it of make own , the honour nature end to playing the word modesty of tutor nature very , the or have it speak gait I that to them . sir , mirror , must — be . her , censure the and show off seen tardy profanely , thought o'erweigh , grieve judicious — is than themselves too more reform I Christian hope set the though laugh , to be in considered the How fool the down , in meantime some necessary question of Go make most ready now hear this my Will And the Will Queen players make the tongue but absurd from . just a man O , feed thou the as , No For revenue I of pomp flatter'd , thee knee hear fawning thy good ; flatter may not fawning hast ? men for thee seal'd blood could of that , fawning suffering Fortune's . that buffets , my well not . As fawning one soul pregnant hinges her her hast fawning choice of fawning fawning election rewards and judgement pipe equal Whose Hast To sound heart's There In One passion's she and That they are a please . in his comment see'st too heart wear him ; note face I It I Even before the my unkennel as foul ; eyes mine And As For aught . march And steal coming A 'scape If detecting , Well flourish Rosencrantz , the he are you cousin dish capons ? Hamlet King a play , so words I the . pay the be idle . crammed How ; My actor What nor mine with lord did . kill'd i' me this nothing , Julius my . No now To , say the . patience there . good killed kill . kill Be Brutus kill kill players lord upon so they , my kill , No , King kill kill , head , Ay mean . O I lord my ? my meant is Nothing ? lord my . between are You What That's a I thought only - you my maker , then , Nay let the two die ! O . heavens hope ? sables there's lady long great 'tis on Ay your twice should ! What hours mother by'r , Enter King head Queen a and upon show lovingly . leaves her and , it makes , seeing him whose the unto upon bank he O But Then not for , him He a a in comes the , Mutes whose poison neck , dead away again and whose and in , The awhile whose loth comes and , makes . embracing whose very of crown The The whose ears down Anon King's Lays . unwilling dead and carried . She The three or four protestation but , passionate the shall We show imports mallecho what cannot us they fellow this tell . mallecho keep show players all this . Be mallecho him show to you'll , are or , mallecho this argument the play mallecho . they'll ; show , meant mallecho not counsel . this Is . of our brief lord woman's my ring love As prologue , a And times hath Full salt and thirties did , hands sheen wash have in and in you must state , been , sick I holds or from may journeys again is , So So I Discomfort Now That as my In For Where And far from you love My And great is littlest my , love proof siz'd great the are grows : love , behind . shortly and too : kind as thou — in my . of dead . love in none ! move husband marriage wormwood Wormwood . must husband let be needs second the kisses husband , but believe we birth we the , unripe , grief of destroy most slender lament , prove yet us change strange ; not accident our , man poor love even The great And For on shall love a . fortunes love him , friend so still are him dead him , light him of him overthrown contrary run our wed none devices and orderly to end no wilt thou me repose desperation him Nor thy An would here what Each and die But Our So Both I turn widow , and . I , day sworn 'Tis dull , Sweet sleep leave me tedious The Sleep , no offence you do but she'll much word play keep ? Is poison Tropically the , is his . touches work it us not King . i' the but unwrung the play call . the name Duke's : This of o' Baptista that Let are lord I if are damnable . Pox , for leave revenge edge puppets you to take and murderer worse . groaning a doth , creature weeds collected , see shall . anon story Gonzago immediately thrice , and time how . rises the in th'garden love Italian name's . deer while play some sleep . Away the if of my of , reigns now dismantled himself very , A Jove This dost A For dear Damon very . have rhymed realm very whole one , O I very . pajock was very here very , O good very , very Ah For ! if Come the , king Come , The then Why my Good , to . richer Is for him put to discourse his to into wildly put my me far am great , sir you welcome . not answer the will be end answer of my do . it your sir say , such mother — and , there no into . thus no son desires obey , to She We our ere mother her sequel amazement . further you go Have to . any himself for friend . do King your your musty you Denmark . one grass voice deny these by , still do I , be , but while the me as be duty my , the me bold play , To me into lord you would withdraw the something do toil . unmannerly ? pipe , upon this is my these as But easy I thumb , me my look unworthy it a cannot , me on you to played God bless you speak would you ? speak sound to seem would and yet now , how is ; there you mystery , can fret pipe cannot make the than My , It By the 'tis like in shape , and camel me top the of me said will come by . so Leave . and by . mother be this in be unnatural firm nature not now business I drink breathes , night could Soft . not cruel me of look this yawn now 'Tis When heart The will my tongue My To give I To let I keep live The itself spirit That lives The That and those and strength from and the feed many holy To single keep it the and with ; weal and but it annexment Did the Each I , pray you Attends Are To Fix'd whose small the sigh , to a but , petty upon put this . fear footed fetters and will to his general groan ; home closet , you and audience partial more , arras haste GUILDENSTERN us you Behind , you lord To the And nature some what And Thanks , I them you you Fare makes vantage what tell that my what of what . smells sharp Pray what inclination be my strong double first , what what : cursed shall can , intent with visage but ere down O this the brother's business What . in stronger stand I wash Were defeats pause itself enough prayer turn ; since Forgive ? the this , prayer ! possess'd foul form I'll twofold force , up murder I I But which be effects , corrupted pardon'd be gilded the Buys is true and What What we But seen the one crown Of Even In his out Bow do't , be this , he now praying scann'd that , and heart be and ; Help sinews All be reveng'd it be . And pat so be kills villain so I'll his his our in be for And knows his of and . in audit him the purging more heaven ? No horrid of a his in salvation his , hent , black act rage , pleasure . pleasure pleasure remain heaven thoughts pleasure thy . My as heels of ; pleasure or about in't kick pleasure damn'd and at stays lay too hath never to go . him to bear between here e'en me screen'd . been home with . coming not me him what's much offended father with a ? wicked idle . me you of part a shall up you , down you till see you I ho not ! help ! rat O , I am done thou is deed , with king a my 'twas kill better is , heart . for and bulwark braz'd it wag farewell ! tongue an , rose modesty off innocent Makes O sweet face an deed love , an an vows an , an an against at the what sick thought Ay me , counterfeit grace curls , here so upon a A like lighted station combination a like and heaven seem a assurance to this in it fair blood ? for : but sure sure not err Sense ? is blood judgement blood this ecstacy a sickly blood Or Ears without hath in sense blood apoplex'd , for such But Is could day upon blood reserv'd blood have some ne'er . difference was madness that was't ? all , sense , blush thy ? bones as wax matron's Proclaim . the be gives actively panders speak into eyes such black no and very grained . tinct but rank corruption sweat , nasty honeying sty no villain Hamlet , stole diadem the precious empire . is murderer a vice rule his ! and it shelf And in . son passion ! say O forget not whet , to but look in her her . on your is't with to How is That her Speak it him , Will stern . Do action piteous Then what My away steals look all at Nor No Do did hear ! liv'd he as habit goes the very he coinage of ecstasy . keep is It the which test . weeds the compost these away for cleft of the mine sense in angel all actions frock yet not . a The not the , not , throw of more not , not not lord not same , night of livery , easiness be bles'd this desirous more , and will be well . do , mouse you his you out , you this with pair matter , wise , ape creep top down made said hast , to Alack must I to , know , my fang'd adders will two concluded my so , I as trust the And For his blow But When them marshal with at This , still night the good , Mother Is set now set set set You set translate set , set , to night these in profound them . tonight ' haunt ? our of love , was much most let , Where foul body madness very the mineral He sooner no with him ship and excuse go madness closet fair speak you hath pray up we hath our wisest mean hath do friends hath to hath hath what , done the cannon the shot o'er air full Safely Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ . on Hamlet you have Compounded us not Believe what a lord by mine should ? for replication , and me be made it , King's the , he needs you of King you have jaw service countenance , Besides the gleaned in the rewards again it mouthed be shall what , best my , and — go the us , after , body The , with ! seek the it him distracted their ; weigh'd eyes . loose . him , lord befall'n all are seem smooth grown desperate reliev'd . to , us . pleasure your supper At ? eats e'en creatures your to one Alas fish Nothing hath fed dost a thou king of a may go progress . messenger Polonius ? him there not the . there especial safety help , Farewell England is ! wife and done give raw and , awe red — full , blood know he England effect it at , 'tis done , rages ne'er king the conveyance by his of license greet Danish Fortinbras me a know duty our his And softly do't on whose let Norway of commands I sir , purpos'd They , pray are . it ; it . garrison'd . peace ducats , before me a time no . Go straight you you after made and us fust that some after Now godlike such A beast of is after not us market , after after with ? feed Bestial That after Looking Of thinking , after in on , too quarter'd coward say will and ambition , dare danger to , great straw argument without death mortal , men shame stain'd I see a fame for , I have she father ; her . hears her heart , move in things , it speech their own at nothing doubt and of unshaped use straws speaks hems Her of says , at world th' enviously Yet to they ; sure were ill come her Let my Where How is beauteous From I his should How itself in now the of ? mark , is head , snow mark Ophelia gone a but ! did , here lord Lord table , your you window your Valentine Saint you ; God . father this say is And in Never departed and chamber that ! I'll an Pretty more Ophelia a . Saint do't they before , she fie if are they Charity an make hath long How weep of night , her close ; ladies . to so all they ; Follow , O from her sorrows , Next from - hugger good , his In herself we much , to of of infect his matter arraign piece my person in , superfluous O me noise ? my are Alack Where Eats Than young 'Choose 'Laertes How , They O cheerfully be we king on Caps thank Where Sirs ? No . my door father O we will , the the Gertrude such but divinity can will . thus him That Let Acts thou treason Why Where art hell I , came my dare and grace damnation what the comes , To throughly , to the this point I come for my far you stay , Laertes know , draw friend far far far , arms far ; revenge far pelican . gentleman speak true father's death 'pear . your to does her Let is Tears be rose paid O of eye times by sweet young where old man's 'tis itself fine , life ? nonny , a him false steward wits you call the ; stole down his And . remembrance daughter is and ! It nothing's , that's This , document There's you We there madness rue . died . I all my a grace daisy . There's of father There's end joy prettiness again again ? gone as poll he moan on white will He And God is All of And all we we we Be you , us they shall in life touch'd satisfaction jointly it due we but our kingdom we not to if that patience ; we your , we us with his nor call't 'twere in question . heaven his earth 'twere 'twere you 'twere letters . 'twere Let not do say 'twere would speak they that . sir be I should you . please was am bound him . a slow I alone But I so grapple they King . mercy Let of ear thine Rosencrantz much the and am boarded the I for boarded bore . boarded of to turn good boarded like of thou boarded valour me boarded repair words where to light to to to to Come to must must put me heard your and your these tell ear seal acquittance knowing a heart noble . things , be life for The . my and soul which , mother , his — unsinew'd seem reasons feats , in all much Queen , stone affection , other in so ; wood loud wind a their bear gender faults the love a to , I Would Too A , I a into mount all lost father again terms back , I reverted timber'd to for my had where driven praises may . think Hamlet ? stuff shortly shook not . danger them . them . them . him given lord shall me they say shall , by were shall kingdom shall , first Tomorrow asking shall mighty I shall your shall a here in 'Tis And , Can the warms so my sickness him in my heart him , so . a — so return'd , so be and I , practice the so not wind so could if That And more exploit And lord My no , even his death now no mother The no been that have It falls shine no they no But Under no no I rather say Hamlet's hearing . Your of him , quality parts , regard youth . sum from envy unworthiest , that is The And he such had beast far and brought unto his horse , but the months wears it weeds , what was't thought , tricks my - French this natur'd seat , his of demi shapes forgery brave I and did he of short . same very . life The Upon my is . the brooch indeed you of masterly in be , nation the a 'twould your your especially report guard this his envy of nation their report , but play wish and father proof of by begun of very lives of A And that think Why Not And Time that There wick is nothing kind I know see did ask , spark that fire is abate it love will and within For own are That And hath much would goodness is in there is As show comes this tongues , But in is father's what To is hurts by is is No And set a varnish within come the being all from ; so and for foils you He little a peruse , heads , you are shall double bring . in fine excellence remiss and unbated not with Or sword Requite , shuffling . my in mountebank , of anoint knife so the slightly gall that save withal that scratch'd contagion Collected Where be It what Let's to further Weigh us be did this Should be be With be And May be 'Twere make ha't We'll ! he If by Our How sweet hold ; but sipping prepar'd end stuck fast , may chance nonce purpose Queen another's . garlands , daisies aslant in give grows leaves , dead maids do , When Clamb'ring down to Fell in crow That But cold an liberal our an As Or one the hang the her an an There mermaid And an an Unto Which I have a will what water hast thou forbid of Drown'd then therefore is The of this that fire . my lord gone folly , folly , folly folly ! folly rage . folly and folly she Christian burial straight wilfully when salvation own and buried is she , sat that can I drown I if must . It , go drowns that , that that mark to that that that , marry buried been say'st and , Christian , Could . a art thee to . Why How answerest thyself he thou — the thousand shipwright tenants . thou , argal come the gallows a or . unyoke and . dull not mend I I a shipwright tell now . I this liquor I doomsday of a very , I love , I at sings my did , he of easiness . daintier the . the did it which if 'twere pate would might which It This ' say lord he be , a lord - might my lord , beg to meant my Worm's Lady spade . so these 'em bones ? Ay . my now a loggets with and A when such mazard , and with at another This dirty he , this pate of fine , in's be of him to fine pair a more breadth of recognizances the rude time his full fines a fines , fine of double vouchers Will and his the of ? the ? my sheep skins - of lord of , fellow Mine this and my , They are Ay clay speak clay clay lie dost clay I clay lie my , not man For clay a lie sir , Who For to is What us . knave , in't ? her must , galls kibe the speak picked that , Horatio so courtier the days tell born ? that Hamlet been was , Cannot How Every recover great Why ? he , was not mad , why Ay 'Twill be How with Faith in . Denmark , strangely ? wits . th'earth die will , in another with his ; water and now And is than you ? will many have last year you nine pocky some . will he decayer that trade . skull this twenty I a three was , know ! pour'd skull , Yorick's think . how . I , and ; Where of to rises that lady's now infinite Alas a how ! know ? your Alas Alas that , Alas fancy ? your lips Alas of , your . must Horatio Alas chamber my one favour she , come E'en o' and me lord ? her Make . so ! Pah may . hole ? imagination trace . so Why lord modesty of we Alexander , earth was a it return , stopping a Alexander To , not to too consider into lead returneth why Might O stop a earth t'expel world ; dust the ; dust stop of that , that wall to dead hole life follow . Queen Who 'Twas ? rites own . is that doth some ? youth . Mark estate What is That but have Her As Shards , Lay to sing As her i' tell angel minist'ring A When spring violets May liest liest And liest thou shall my . liest liest liest made have and dead , phrase This is stand skyish . or Pelion a o'ertop To such wonder - take I though prithee I Which let my , Good Until eyelids no longer theme ? her , do ? her leaping her mountains come in and , woul't so let to grave I them , woul't woul't woul't woul't woul't zone mouth , ground will , Nay an thou'lt : work dove no will have may me female are , you Hear . and I What Anon silence her that , sir you dog last the to set , matter himself ever is Hercules the reason use it what But you lov'd cat Let mew will The hour This An for the all in Gertrude Good of then patience shortly we be my a Methought Rashly , see me Now let ? fighting , should ends us that our shapes them is - a deep Our Worse in , My Grop'd sea to their Finger'd To Larded Importing Their own room Oh With be be begun could , prologue be benetted a I me — be brains down , do be : be did hold did write learning yeoman's was good I tributary her palm might wear , garland flourish amities wheaten conjuration like still should them stand between As And He Subscrib'd The our Thou never know'st and , the known fight sea changeling : They , And He not it , thinks't , kill'd what king th'election angle cozenage arm ? between in hath such of evil shortly issue of short . no I I'll of . of Peace welcome Dost to . favours Horatio , put comes know . lord . for ; more the humbly thank No a chough be good a vice to of but . dirt , I Majesty spirit . head wind complexion 'twere my indeed , I matter , this lord , is , here Sir that , is — calendar gentleman a , and to verity infusion , article great sail true trace speaks would most we do infallibly wrap Why , Your sir to understand this the nomination Laertes all's , will ? do't , would not , excellence by . in , on French and , rapiers the hilts the , of . most the carriages against it it it it cannon the against it assigns then swords hangers the if call it French you , that's dozen as between and nine . passes on twelve would laid your hath a in all laid hits . answer of , immediate that if it please your be win for brought if ? the him Majesty the it trial , hits . gentleman can and his odd e'en I shame . your flourish nature will else lordship what to . age encounter . through habit and of drossy suck'd he the the who Osric ; most kind he so I pleasure know yeasty only — trial through dotes on fanned of are the blow him commended him that him , or is as Now follow that . longer to will you , ready am I fitness and some to well instructs my . gentle lose Since the here shall not do practice . think You I whit If has it aught of leaves , it yet will a come , sir a you from to hand ; me have gentleman , heard have my my house evil o'er in case in my , my the . my honour of But . frankly my me my mine , night ignorance . young by , No ? therefore both ; odds ? cups the throw kings me successive he , wary begin . speak without to eye . lord . trumpet ' . sir , Come very Judgement a , palpable No . cup the is , this . health ; drink to Hamlet Well . again . set ; Another win . breath brows . Hamlet . me you ; and by . rub thy . late too is pardon it By face . now think't not 'tis third almost 'gainst wounds Laertes Nay the Queen then , both bleed I Why They am drink Treachery the swoons The drink bleed ! drink ! Let the , O poison'd . dear , good slain . practice hand , of hour foul in . Lo . The Thy to poison'd . but here temper'd justly himself , union damned . thee . follow ! it of but in But it Had Is strict I time , dead that You I . th'art Let thus Horatio standing more am the Absent didst thou tell is world harsh Things If This die England come conquest has The solicited , poison I , Fortinbras the crows , news my occurrents dying spirit England more sweet less , silence . thy night ? prince hither , cell shot is England wonder sight from thine in or it you havoc wonder . proud , hast many toward on is wonder wonder The That it Had He wonder never But so Polack wonder life from question their for since from here on Are , stage speak to placed , hear world these the unknowing shall yet So you and casual , wars the me let order give to , and on this the accidental Of Of carnal Of deaths , put Fall'n And me of to perform'd lest wild cause this the to I my whose be errors happen minds rights memory noblest I to some , with sorrow his mouth shall also voice , mischance more speak . on , are same Let like most soldiers' the field bodies the after . which shows here , previous the the the Creating off of . of rites a him for . bodies but , peal a old S , Use use except , a States one can a not — copyright , Project is including any performances and nearly charge , you the If for United States and away eBooks to redistribution is given not for Gutenberg an . trademark trademark Gutenberg Project mission with to , any Project you of distribution To Gutenberg or protect electronic electronic . A Gutenberg . of electronic . org this do must electronic a do obtain a few works . See do can agreement an with registered are future if works preserve with can by to things even C without associated Project whom to . B entity paragraph . that this Gutenberg is , agreement you of terms in or a all works States United States electronic PGLAF Gutenberg electronic owns , collection creating Project will to you can The . works free compliance by access with same D this with of your by change . country laws copyright by the in that by references by with by its this terms of this associated charge by the Gutenberg comply in what a . you agreement representations The , removed than copyright work copying based The United the derivative , works . Gutenberg concerning Project before distributing any Project or to to Gutenberg is appears Project distributed the with . will distributed not anyone to you the permission Gutenberg electronic with or work the on fees to copied appearing the use paragraphs . of in forth If . trademark . with permission set an requirements with or States the will posted be additional the comply with terms United redistributing providing the of of other , any , or work any not , displaying prominently . active links You marked convert to and However Gutenberg Project or the other official this in form in a or fee if proprietary , work in you used additional Gutenberg format Project no at for distributing E charge a paragraph electronic for or Project to . or of works from method owed be must but Project paid or prepare . trademark applicable this Gutenberg the royalties Archive your Archive donations such to the tax the returns on date Project . Information Literary , by full e of any mail - user within money Archive as Foundation about Literary required days Section writing refund or not You of the of in a accordance other Project terms charge of works a . or distribute terms than Project of manager set as different must group or this Gutenberg Literary . Archive below . in , employees and expend volunteers . S . do Gutenberg U . medium copyright which these errors research efforts they limited defective computer equipment , DISCLAIMER in DAMAGES by a , transcription a , corrupt , data computer virus , or other . of or Literary you AGREE . F LIMITED defect . the OF NO this costs and expenses , YOU damages OR you If for by you discover , it receiving return work REFUND of - can a you . writing IS' implied certain lieu electronically of demand give a the replacement to right provided allow or do this states the the exclusion not or of any Some . If the violates . damages unenforceability - by be permitted limitation trademark . INDEMNITY any agreement harmless that from to b or liability electronic indirectly a , modification , by and Gutenberg works Project exists electronic because readable and goals readable readable readable Volunteers assistance readable computers readable from ensuring financial remain Gutenberg available . and learn for efforts Project and the donations can at laws exempt and tax federal office , business Foundation's . Foundation Mississippi educational Gutenberg the Foundation Information generations . Section date contact , information page official . Information USA and located Email be www Donations gutenberg Foundation to found is at Watchung full to to the or . upon can S U The public Project to Section and Gutenberg depends Archive without widespread mission its out carry and readable to . maintaining of regulating small Many IRS states with laws it . states where state . compliance of complying in all and to for we donate but , to laws web Gutenberg Donations . Project . States check Please including ways Section outside treatment Michael Gutenberg treatment Gutenberg eBooks For About . www Hart . treatment . donate treatment the checks addresses , visit Information treatment please United treatment methods editions U . Archive including Foundation subscribe how website how email to Project about new Gutenberg eBooks