Who's there Nay answer , For this And sick thanks thee to . your bed Get upon . guard mouse quiet them ground is make haste watch Friends them my If you good to night honest , farewell , O Give . the - is , Say Horatio , of . tonight Marcellus Welcome . night Holla Barnardo good again appear'd , thing . nothing have 'tis take of . him twice entreated this eyes speak to 'twill , ears of speak have seen story assail awhile Tush approve again if , our nights sit Barnardo we it his that's Where When Had star , westward pole . heaven , again dead like figure , speak the break yond Last course burns thee the , and that's where scholar it it me ; the thou which ? that with In sometimes Question would with to . fear be ! speak , and gone 'Tis ! Is now ! See ! away ! tremble and . pale ! look ! had combated in Polacks once strange when 'Tis . Norway very As frown'd He before stalk smote twice This , in what In down the subject daily for cast and , he to my of our , knows . that : King ; compact , lands his those design'd and young , lawless some full , here resolutes Norway to diet and up a doth stomach a the Shark'd As And But terms lost preparations lands motive this of main our and post his source by hath For skirts of , to haste be it think this Is Of Unto And whose sick even Upon prologue and omen together , or me of be , earth , fate earth to it where me , Speak do earth any good ease any , hast our earth heaven earth and blast earth , thing it use . to . and country's may done grace ! life walk if Extorted , Speak Stop which I , Stay the in , death . it of it strike , is our 'Tis do For We offer it cock , started blows air a like , summons I , as , the it , mockery . heard , crew the , lofty day and fearful it then or sea god shrill , guilty thing , earth at - trumpet sounding truth the object And erring fire ; probation the that 'gainst on that takes hallow'd No The The are say of bird Wherein say o'er we , of the heard fairy Some Do spirit you This . conveniently this most . nature ; whole of befitted , queen our our and that dear brother's us woe ourselves now think our Hamlet green grief one fought and brow discretion , on warlike , this remembrance sister contracted hath in with him defeated state , joy eye , a one and as Th'imperial funeral scale wife wisdoms affair to equal in one mirth With Taken with by for Thus uncle ourself most our To Who Now much valiant and for : bed is - nephew's full gait his subject ; lists further this , business of his good of Out For Giving bearers , You In Of all and with Farewell that My From Your I show more of lord , have thy ? to , in , bend wishes father's petition lord your you laboursome my , you wrung ; him my from me ? sun , my son will be thy still lord it Aside How like And Good like am look ever like dust . like like seems like , seem of , grief , indeed These man passeth of of river , a which your nature to lost some for a common heaven , is opposition , as theme , cried hath today , nature , to love immediate ' woe ; most with And the father , no less , school to , you of , and , madam , reply fair , cousin ; cousin cousin . cousin , cousin today tell again cousin . whereof Hamlet come ! this and God melt unprofitable world God dew . shall thunder flesh fix'd ! two mother on month woman ! grown had appetite , roughly satyr might not so that was much this , earth — reason , of even with . most her , of but longer a my , like within thy shoes she father's . good tongue to sheets : lord . you — see glad what make from poor , my that Marcellus I'll make Sir change lord my Good sir , Wittenberg . you from ; student , good my know of truster . yourself Against We'll I it make what , to is to came I affair you I it my furnish Horatio , to mock ere in , deep father's . meats . heaven in tables bak'd that , he a . all again , goodly all ? Who , saw upon think Saw I My I the lord I Season I With I I Been I In point before at Appears slow and and them and cap : with fear by dreadful jelly stately oppress'd length with Almost In them and By Stand Within I not lord it head and , platform to , you upon My answer to But Did It lifted even at To Indeed , my you . lord and watch lord BARNARDO it . troubles duty foot his wore look'd , more in lord , not from ? long it . no ? saw't grizzled it have sable silver'd Perchance was It , I A I 'twill . will itself pray this your . peace you it walk If I warrant I person , all ; tonight still , foul night is All . and tongue honour you farewell . rise eyes , benefit . of the a doubt you Do and the permanent No does bulk withal of now no thews nature inward wide He not himself and therefore the Unto the fits he Whereof May Than Then too what voice Denmark you loss ear credent heart his , in the shot chariest the and dew disclos'd calumnious 'scapes before rebels best blastments morn their galls the then th'effect good lesson youth . imminent spring . desire strokes ; keep this thorny . near good dalliance and . brother . father upon blessing long of , thy precepts but with palm quarrel thy ; entertainment Beware . of but may unfledg'd comrade . thee can purse , ear th'opposed to man's thine censure man each For not And Are every Of in the most thy express'd they a habit in oft and nor borrower dulls the both a generous best the proclaims chief rank be and own husbandry day man thee the be the true , lender of to any in night self . your servants lord tend you ? remember . it of to said Lord : oft and ; caution of it that And What behoves you is He Pooh to like you as late you so way , as — daughter ? affection me and your so up such his , teach ta'en for I call them think , wind more dearly pay poor , love a ; fool . tender me honourable lord And you given Ay , My — Running sterling he , crack . the yourself . of importun'd call his : vows burns catch light promise , your as it . presence maiden this , soul the I . a From , making ; young is he may Lord given vows his dye which mere of believe may And so Believe Than much with Not The Than Do better like their of plain sanctified Look to't air is a nipping It think lacks eager ? an I No , it struck of It then . near lord ? reels out ? is't though mind , born in my Is it and here marry I , it a , and phrase nations of with at his reason , guilty ; complexion some of chances it , achievements our and oft vicious wherein in by of I infinite as — Nature's some Or The His in be or , plausive , Shall From Be Angels my , grace health from spirit ministers thy com'st speak , bones canoniz'd not thy their we saw O questionable to in burst , ignorance such thee a . father in why quietly the hearsed ; and this jaws , mean steel complete , do . it . it means will . fear at can a itself it do ? flood of the toward into the the horrible again the that fee to pin's . I'll follow summit dreadful tempt to Or if That What it And Be My fate each cries , lord . still me follow hands your you shall out artery . of thee . gentlemen follow . ghost ghost of ghost ghost ghost ghost . Denmark go I'll no further . ghost ! serious lend . thy but Must sulph'rous render . to am shall unfold I what , me Till foul crimes purg'd the the away of the tell day certain am I And Are To Doom'd for burnt I harrow thy Make Thy And Revenge Murder as best it the in , that or sweep And ease ease ease 'Tis A ease Wouldst That ease Rankly ease With will seduce ! my gifts that beast , lust virtuous was even love in her , Hamlet of , his wit , won and to . sate And methinks be let Brief But soft ! custom always hour thy afternoon my stole vial did a within scent uncle ears in hebenon my whose of body through blood posset ; doth So bark'd it and blood , most and thin with gates swift natural And The With And in That , Holds a like alleys droppings it courses into of smooth vigour . smooth by , smooth my of Unhous'led reckoning With smooth If howsoever smooth couch But not A smooth Let horrible all thou smooth Taint O hast the smooth royal thou and thee but ! O made nature ! in not , for thy those sting her his fie , not ! Hold thee Remember . while up grow O stiffly me sinews , my , my What old ? a thee heart else ? O earth me ; observation past observation observation ! observation ' word observation my observation . so and , is woman observation and you , It , him secure . Within Within . Lord Heaven it Come , ho ho , be boy , How Good No How , Not say And without , right ; fit it and desire shall and circumstance the and go pray own my , point whirling but and they wild Look is every These I'll I'll Yes , And much I'll I'll an your I'll as by Saint ghost desire I'll to may , HORATIO and my lord you MARCELLUS . We good soldiers . friends , you . and request have . in . thou this to Art . swear ? so under , sworn upon , my Consent Propose , you on Come to of oath that . have . you sword gentlemen . shift upon we'll Then by Swear Beneath Come your speak And said worthy A Well are dreamt things of before never philosophy so , myself I soe'er heaven in in as I are or more therefore Here Than There How , As 'Well Or know such giving out this Swear perturbed I love , Beneath spirit do And May Rest rest my That ever Nay , inquiry good make it My said intend Look in what expense , Danskers , By do particular your they Than That And Ay very my this him . more you knowledge his of question touch come at what first company very ; and Paris you , keep drift , and well do his demands my as , part Addicted may you As But , As , sir noted wild wanton To known ; forgeries and he I he's , of none very put wild on that and usual slips liberty . it his liberty , this — do should my general taints of fiery breathe mind faults on scandal incontinency , quaintly . know here's fetch on i' th' , prenominate of ; you seen you in you sullies little youth party ever or with ' He The Of man Very the , He And 'Good converse in Having or 'friend , or 'gentleman' — day gentleman you , as t'other , consequence . ' . 'gentleman the you yesterday : consequence' or such , tennis' a so , such gaming at , falsehood of and find with this takes such or enter do former indirections , my By a Videlicet Shall My God b' Observe Good shall him , let , have sewing doublet , his was his down head hat upon and , as Pale No Lord as with his a had he shirt what lord of , thy for know My And he As end And And seem'd to his way without their on light King . sorry heaven desperate passion to him his I What No ; repel good lord did His me . fear'd But as thee it , to grief known , More must , Our need Hamlet's th'exterior , sending use and did transformation , death was , much cannot So I being , More Of so to rest so pleasures may your by you lies , so more us show To To As For Your visitation receive us will not you please you are living , it bent command of , hope such power your the here give obey , and and . Rosencrantz gentle to some visit of , practices is . Guildenstern of good my , Have hold to duty my Th'ambassadors Are Assure father , and to as or of else — of or trail — lord been still or ? my I or or , not us'd first be or He or tells Thyself My Welcome , Voltemand , return of good Norway desires brother our . our and But To Gives him With levied regards please herein , entreaty it dominions for this enterprise . is time and is expostulate what , Your be that go for to define true ? madness art true 'tis . pity all 'tis A . him cause of effect no no I then out , defect this And foolish will . defective remainder cause , But More is mad , 'tis figure art , true at use find Madam But let 'tis farewell Mad To Thus have I That's Who a remains For in given me : a vile ; this her Good move sun the to doubt ; fire I awhile be a have not , to me I . most daughter whilst machine best this . I numbers dear lady best Doubt thee never doth , believe art ? and . it ; to is solicitings ear love receiv'd you a I As my had given you not she , repulsed took — then thence a the sadness a Thence to It the to Fell Admit Into into he a watch short a a this , and into weakness raves , he for now wail there be think you such may Hath Where hid , centre were will otherwise . four in Here know try the we walks such sometimes he I'll I loose does indeed my then to arras daughter an fall'n a carters try it will O beseech . presently you Do I my lord . fishmonger a man picked kissing a not as but , blessing look to't . daughter Friend Conception do you for daughter my . extremity read . he far is my love , here my their wrinkled slave is you sir which honesty have , a to though am . if have like I and amber wit of men powerfully down set grey have a crab — in't which reason sometimes and . him leave his . you my I that take my except lord , will . my , tedious the most How . indifferent we Fortune's the her , waist Neither live Happy soles lord . at Let grown the more her strumpet she ? news that news my hands honest the deserved question . prison friends ? hither ? to Prison , are not one many so there . bad king . dreams bad have and is me is prison your good narrow too my , makes bounded were the the ambition it are but I are Then shadows Truly Shall beggars to sort not most dreadfully of GUILDENSTERN ? our and a of We'll you what other am with I , friendship but I And . thank . nay ; thanks dear , occasion ? it a lord . to I that such matter the I like way speak am , thanks visit To it with am ? Is your are you . Were visitation speak Come not sent you ; and there , come , You end But To withal you ever fellowship must confession But , enough in to , by me you . teach preserved - To have why lord then . Guildenstern What you . mirth my o'erhanging with me you fretted seems goes to look , Queen and , earth the frame this thing , piece exercises , late of this canopy the form in paragon you seem say , me to your Man of apprehension , how how foul and fire , heavily my with , brave pestilent why ; promontory it how congregation reason beauty , a so : admirable and like to nor me neither . thoughts woman 'Man service , not me' entertainment , the verse the tragedians the ; sere shall reputation say shall , gratis lady Even How the and shall the clown not Do chances they think endeavour children most tyrannically , How comes keeps No , indeed they . Do they . of . thither , top rusty but are 'em they . to ; the exclaim much . make , like no , there . bid . poet controversy . do the . on . their common their for ? of was — than should ? Who maintains sing players they not say it — writers wrong money ? while cuffs in the brains too give , and find carry , 'Sblood , carry carry and load carry of twenty Denmark his . carry my for is carry if his uncle ; hundred in something the it out father my while apiece is welcome the is the are this the appurtenance Gentlemen but the the you at , gentlemen each his hearer . I , them a of . indeed . man clouts . You . players Rome in actor to morning the a have to tell : sir have news comes My I lord , comical actors - Seneca of and of Israel , pastoral comical be the - historical either world heavy had , he Why — loved th' lord I , old Jephthah . that What follows Nay , then God my follows not lord . wot like , look is see . more Thy , my For was well . heaven the . French , Come Come , speech once , I was . falconers chopine a not e'en straight cracked of , quality . speech , was cried scenes , were no the with the , might that in speech fine than to If it , and . see speaks more much , remember digested such general in , very but Aeneas' of this not so Pyrrhus his lay this heraldry he fathers impasted , gules parching damned streets daughters horridly , light wrath with o'ersized , grandsire So well Anon short Priam Repugnant Rebellious Pyrrhus But with at at arm , in of strikes match'd lies his to drives command where fell ; his with lo i' For and Then father tyrant , neutral And like Did see a So Of Stoops in the rend Aroused Mars's never region The As as than Pyrrhus' Cyclops' proof eterne sword . Priam strumpet Fortune on for new him sets the did hammers fall bleeding her ! forg'd armour ; a the after dreadful , pause - away fellies down the from and , falls spokes nave thou low As the or barber's on to too is as your , a with ; jig Say Where About blanket When she themselves would with in see malicious husband's clamour she at all of clamour . and clamour rest Do you abstracts clamour his turn'd clamour them passion thee clamour you the have see he speak well the use better Use them every Use . them is sirs . a . tomorrow . dignity them Murder Gonzago of some . you leave mock you I'll . friends am I here am player peasant ye wi' rogue b' God , soul his to so , eyes her force fiction his in in his all a and . slave ; conceit his in working not it conceit and , A to What's Like Tweaks Ha ! But slave's To 'Swounds to am , I I make have oppression - bitter This ! Oh ass the what As Plucks the off deep son my to fall scullion ! whore , brain creatures That guilty very by struck They Have For Been Play murder , About have so cunning no murder the I'll . quick spirit If that the , the to uncle course something devil mine like organ . observe devil , but blench , power and melancholy have play's . my such and seen ; players these my his I have looks hath this drift confusion days harshly him from turbulent he dangerous of lunacy circumstance of on and With ? speak , his himself feels will confess ? sounded confession well to state gentleman question but like Most much of his reply his pastime kind we certain that told these players . already the ; your . Majesties delights these , leave by for us accident Ophelia Hamlet too , lawful . that , sent hither may , sent , sent , sent sent wish sent sent you this this colour in , visage book devotion's . Read Ophelia — an are action 'tis speech too doth devil that do much . cheek harlot's more Is hear him not coming is my deed or Whether , The sleep be nobler be , shocks of mind that , 'tis Or to opposing and them arrows and take more heart - be sleep that in For When That The flesh to shuffled death — To sleep a by , heir Devoutly To , perchance bear , There's the life contumely takes quietus of of patient merit office love the spurns delay of man's unworthy make time , law's fardels , the his whose weary life , would dread that traveller And Thus enterprises o'er lose With I does you your How That many ? well , know you deliver did compos'd know , know ? know you lord ? know fair you know Ha wax , know lordship Are you beauty his it truly my be lord to have better , of the sometime than power I , lord my it This did a love paradox once . believe cannot loved so I . for the wouldst not more fellows Where's home , none do at give your my play fool the may . sweet this give in's help I'll pure : snow . that Farewell ? us of . father but nowhere thou . God given ; well what quickly monsters Farewell you thou for plague marry restore well You hath make you hath wantonness me . they are married made keep , what soldier's Th'expectancy The O rest marriages and the courtier's a is scholar's as of ladies most quite , the , the fashion and of of , out and honey of I see sweet That T'have Blasted ? he like doubt danger in . though , the melancholy There's affections spake his have tribute different neglected for and on in , expel with quick prevent believe do his now How yet you as what us lord fit , all her let mother If ; him conference My do after entreat in where ear , the , him , so please be alone . Hamlet tell all plac'd , it . you his his England Your To their To in , lines as I it pronounced it of ; you , very the a groundlings of the inexplicable avoid . shows . the , and offends It who it discretion action own your let your of playing the but ; the to the that is , the though his form own purpose not hold scorn the . of censure feature time grieve her now show body play o'erweigh off whole theatre the it and , profanely some — reform'd they , set is than I O more themselves too considered in , in the to fool on some . imitated journeymen Nature's well we altogether And reform it , be laugh How the And you ROSENCRANTZ We . at e'en lord , withal a flatter , be ? flatter'd ? thou her her well my of I will me man heart King circumstance ; face note to our , lord is seeming his itself . in one as foul speech are him my And we I As of censure Well to Enter Rosencrantz fares the promise Excellent , are detecting the my you play , Ophelia , i' ? was accounted you are actor killed . My . kill'd enact , not of Julius did That I , mother hither , What did you was I a ? so kill more . capital ready , O shall lie lord Ay my your , lord I , think nothing fair think I you is , my lord between lord ? maids' to my Nothing , merry , I Nay long hope he hobby then . lady there's sables O , great man's - hobby , his him , King leaves finds or three , kisses , crown The with her it pours The . upon head returns and churches horse memory may build must , some him . protestation the embracing upon and he takes , in Poisoner again lord this it means argument the imports . seeming woos lament The to Queen Poisoner and . all show this this meant not it . ashamed means ? to counsel mischief they'll cannot ; play the . clemency patiently lord my 'Tis brief love , hath thirty wash and woman's . salt Unite commutual journeys many times As About the world moons borrow'd and it Yet my fear women's Discomfort Make us you or made extremity hath , your so love most may , proof siz'd is aught you , and from o'er the you , cheer is far That So , count and me distrust lord love love functions this husband in , fair haply confound For love My operant thou Honour'd O needs but second let be the second wed None I Are base Purpose we kisses you speak we oft slave the birth violent fall unshaken when to Most What Which pay joy most own , is should our to yet fortune doth us ; not violence enactures revels doth joy 'tis love Their doth Grief of ending doth grieves , in passion we propose lose lament accident not 'tis nor on doth grief joy , doth aye doth grief Where Whether great The think thy die So anchor's opposite I To Sport earth Nor me overthrown wed . dead own , prison turn lock thoughts thy nor , food the well face be my that . a once , If here Each Meet To Sleep how she'll her play ? this you like too ; no . offence offence no there in the world Baptista that : o' what : his wife Let puppets the . I , if are you off take my lord , better , apt no of magic blasted , else and the . Still and Thou With written the gets in for's The King . rises of . Gonzago's You . wife name's estate murderer love Italian the fares , How and , o'er some Give light . me deer strucken the Lights lights The , Why So sir For , this Turk get a with runs watch hart and , must some turn , thou dost A know dismantled O Half realm This very , Of For Jove have — pajock . perceive ghost's ? rhymed . word thousand pound . perdie the , me to into him ; drink With far , wisdom for doctor Your No in , should show your put more to itself your mother I am , if to not , Sir What , lord ? diseased cannot . my return . you , hath . this a stonish admiration in ten trade , by you did pickers and stealers . sequel there go bed . further the . for is proverb something himself . of the grows — with the Denmark would you withdraw , play upon me that you . you lord , my your finger and . discourse it with cannot these you now know my a to how much music speak note You out I though little of am the I . make would ! would this think you me , in will you . and , sir you , see My you By mother bent I to by is I will say hell Leave . breathes drink time could easily and come 'Tis By world Contagion in in I in give his your he And Hazard in Out near of The I terms madness in will in Most To That feed upon mind armour of ; but the is from upon many of . like The weal a cease ; it near the on ten . it summit spokes thousand which ; adjoin'd Did sigh King the boist'rous I For we , Arm Which , lord Behind process the . and I'll , makes nature call you said of meet some will us I'll his 'Tis The Since vantage upon And O My guilt be ! eldest Thanks hath stronger inclination , well , to I know ere , It A And , I stand To out And the oft In his true the to no currents is There To currents what can repentance evidence teeth currents . can nature currents currents currents O O Try Even give What one pat soft limed Art engag'd knees sinews as Bow And And I heaven A so now might Now I do't I am do I'll villain his my how And And son , this salary of flush save , passage I course knows And purging . crimes took father And season'd thou for the pleasure And . sickly days And And and in his mother remain heaven go home straight prolongs thy My as and thoughts without . I'll hath Grace your what's him me Fear hear warrant I , my have you , Mother , thou father offended . now me Have you now Why were it , husband's not not , You , you You I'll , would , Behind What Help thou slain help murder me ? done , hast ? I O Behind , Almost . King as kill , too hands be to Leave let Thou What damned it wring be That it I blurs That And From Calls Is this With roars so solidity Yea very the body soul false A loud a grace , upon curls what presentment counterfeit and thunders act at compound religion doth mass as , me thought tristful was An A god To Where A station like eye motion ; Sense sure , was't choice have sense that sight - blind true ! part sickly a mope If And Could Ears When Thou And O like enter more murderer not twentieth a empire shelf the it more villain Hamlet in me and A the rule — ears tithe ; stole the part pocket put a of is diadem wings gracious mad go ! and hover and How is Speak weakest it with you , you on , peep your at And Forth And My Lest them capable cause on His Would stern On Why look father , his as at the how he ! away now of ecstasy your look out in you My where This is the habit . it ! word for - utter'd . Mother , to madness unction me ; soul of which brain . time re ulcerous your within is the to to re my weeds ; re virtue , re re re it part the other , in good twain . him . eat good , and tonight livery easy next throw him night same me . hath heaven wondrous either . Once more . you ; beg it with and kind remains be good night , kisses mouse fingers bed bid again matter madness of damn'd , him sober fair hide , despite in ? of basket fly sense the like the and and in down of no own neck house's famous ape ? the creep , breath , schoolfellows my made me . 'Tis . Alack you mines ; way it work hard go sweet . most counsellor . profound . neighbour the secret Indeed a life in to draw night , 'tis ; place translate in matter Where Mad Which Behind his Whips rat lawless stir seen while both ' hearing been , full yourself , hearing shall is so O unseen good heavy hearing kept have It His It hearing hearing hearing The had hearing Should O'er Shows Even like it keep the draw pure itself To would pith the mad short , was Where . owner very a We sun ship him . and skill : Ho , slain wisest do body friends to diameter , blank our name slander , his miss come world's cannon air woundless noise As Who Compounded have What ? you What I of a can keep ; that soaks in the not the the corner up for not not to ? service his not gleaned be . but not . ear not not , his he end , it again in the first , a go and , and you I , I lord nothing Of Yet I How sent Who And never But Or How now ? befall'n . my him hath at not By desperate What ? the before to , him ! Hamlet Bring my Without lord eats , e'en else to supper ? but fat supper to your at him beggar one is supper and we the but That's . supper Alas , table of worm supper hath of supper that fed the with supper you to dost that fish but What thou to th'other . If as Polonius find you the stairs find him not the not guts the up go you him . especial till you . you He For With which thou Th'associates bark The see them is . Thy and so mother sees Father and . My mother flesh That England , us , sword process present like For Our By letters And sovereign After the yet great And Danish homage thou Craves Tell Captain him If We that his his Go will kingdom his from by his promis'd the his a greet rendezvous us eye are They his , his softly , on my lord ? Fortinbras , Norway of part some Against Goes nephew commands Who to old main We pay go will ranker not is th'imposthume breaks inward the That Why This Will with please Will't and thought Of and fust To Looking to and sleep feed ? A with , after and godlike but one , not to thing's — and part wisdom know and means and , straw great , argument stand in great Rightly . kill'd and a without stir for not to eggshell is and to and , death , to Even honour's greatly at the father of a have sleep of beds try from with her indeed , be . pitied , nothing doubt , yield thought own might for it move is things and beats she in speech Her of they it aim ill thoughts unhappily ill ill ill amiss nature sin's in her come ill fearing to prologue , artless as seems my ill To Each So spills is Where , you ? Say , How , cockle what imports staff and , Nay lady , stone . as you At his head dead is a a grass green turf , Ophelia but , shroud his the my - to , look here lord sweet flowers the grave showers love her father be of the know , you not what , Indeed Let Pretty an Alack An How So hope all weep of it ; so they good think We for , night I close ; ladies would thank her give of . come First and , they . gone ; just unwholesome remove and Polonius' death good and your own , his But Next For , In a of to and of of his father's in ear clouds death beggar'd person of dear this . Alack Switzers of of of , with . flats the , Laertes Save yourself the What , noise my are Where The ocean overpeering were in of , a rabble but to lord , haste , lord my list head him , word the Antiquity 'Choose we as , hands The ? No , I pray thank you my good my vile ; bastard . me . the looks . to . Let Tell a hedge doth peep him — go , man Laertes Gertrude ! pit blackest with . devil negligence I juggled stand only ; for my I'll go shall , That your sweepstake Of you None Winner know foe your in friend enemies his will you then I'll my ; arms rendering my with as day Let your eye come that for itself ! salt , eye , wits fine . life 'tis , master's a . a - persuade , and daughter . the not thus move , wheel ! down becomes is steward didst many well , thy you false , thoughts remembrance remember love pray ; that's thoughts . grace . rue There's herb madness , remembrance , There's rosemary for you in may all it and call , violets your rue , wither'd difference bonny For they Robin , sweet when end is again again dead bed come will , And he not come ? will he will And And all Or Laertes Make They And deny of If find us they , you we you To Be crown And in our we will collateral our you that all we ; so content obscure ostentation heaven from his , question in nor nor his of , rite sword death this labour lend satisfaction content it due hatchment 'twere burial — bones ? speak they say that they have in come part . me . great . for There's . too letter a ; England to is a gave this him for prisoner . instant . Ere compelled were these give got dealt us , be , your . of name we of They I am ; of they too have to of have they appointment put of on of have . you that whom must Sith Now me in , and noble a for knowing friend ear life tell me , else for it the so to my but which , feats . looks by a great , the Why Is like spring his for graces all slightly Would Too Who so not A challenger Whose For her Stood , sister And Break have praises may of our your I That we lov'd that And ? teach and be so . pastime it And That we your made for . will think I will can , hope , will , Letters will your will brought this from . will . them . brought you them you beg , shall Tomorrow and pardon leave and ? mean more I sudden this it in it postscript , It I you be ? otherwise , heart him , means , him fall breathe but , not choose shall uncharge accident . it call will , you if I Under No As So My rather lord might be could hearing shine pluck and unworthiest that the Of one , part is , youth lord my , the very The Had age careless his and in no of youth livery for , a , can witchcraft As With Norman Upon A Lamord the . for And For He confession of masterly your match you out . motion exercise made well you And of especially a be The rapier most scrimers , of his , eye , are sigh spendthrift quick o' you in ? son , words th' , bounds keep know you close praise murder i' indeed have this double , return'd on those a shall you , He you on you should shall your Laertes . church come More , Hamlet Or Will , with Requite No The And wager on varnish . bring all you pass . choose ease , together being in that ; foils fine remiss , point death my , it virtue him touch gall if may It Let's what ! did If Should ha't As And One ! doth How Drown'd follow . woe chance Our So fast There There flowers liberal pendant , brook of , like from heavy long , poor muddy melodious could , her a one time the There hang her herself spread up , with drink drown'd is then Alas is shame Let It I say will out it be of what trick thou tears hast forbid my her When , these would fain Adieu douts . will nature fire to this fear much ; that to do let's burial give start . follow it calm will , I her in unless , buried be that , her How , finds ? seeks her point she , and an argal man he will him is good goodman delver the not to him stands , his good ; nill gentlewoman law . o' this law she folk . a of been have burial that they he first grave my world there , gardeners ? art even Christian , heathen . builds says Adam thyself the ? the , mason the . stronger he . that What to thee Scripture question well thee carpenter is gallows well like well in faith me I To't that , than now can . your tell dull question will , a mason , about more no pace I me makes you and houses ; fetch love Mass for cannot I , ass . Go next his 'a thee my . property of that , a employment hath ; meet he love sweet very was there methought youth contract To , Methought it O - was in making easiness stealing been could Cain's which , sense little me into his of his steps ground might one the if , it it dost it God lord - a ' , that would It might This - 'Good my when Mine no ; fine cost to had knocked we on't . be for - spade . made a skull lawyer of his to the , him him his of buyer double the ? sconce ? his his , be vouchers his , and too very ones dirt fines his fines his not cases time full fine fine in have Not breadth no him will have his , of pair no purchases of tell great a of fine ? will ? calf of more , my and Will his vouchers The of inheritor — For for , Mine to speak are , parchment a sheep my lie out thine of pit For for it say and in't , You O a , lie , clay meet dost man dig then ? liest you . the 'Tis she's . equivocation have I or , soul buried be to ! the knave is the heel the the age , his - grave We ; is How undo us of One that absolute . so Cannot young Hamlet because marry he can was , It sent was ? is long Every — 'Twill strangely wits his recover ? or . mad , man losing Upon strangely , they say thirty , last will he ? I have with ? lie . boy and we nine year you some whoreson the of decayer in his skull water with ; you he , in laying the And three it Whose A on him for Nay . was This . his sir , water body dead once . jest excellent Yorick same whoreson Let Horatio , I that sir , that . that . that rises to , your not My of that that kiss'd you this lord Prithee table paint that o' so ? Pah . lord i' th'earth ? not enough Alexander was we not they trace stopping . the was converted with may - hole a ? earth so But till return he , and , O Imperious , that stop a earth aside comes world earth died him ; wind away might , awe flaw Queen , patch Might but Mourners And life awhile some , Who rites follow with , Fordo 'Twas with c King . courtiers corse Her And we obsequies . great Shards bell allowed charitable unsanctified last Her Yet As Of here the She should flints , is pebbles should For doubtful order lodg'd prayers , her . rites on home virgin bringing . the , my howling ? sweet . sister thee unpolluted th'earth and , the , Sweets have shouldst bed - bride flowers . thou And not wicked of thee times O Whose ten I Hold thy her off upon once quick mine Pelion a blue . whose Olympus or the Of mountain skyish made ! I stand sorrow phrase makes and Hamlet hearers the - Hamlet lord my Pluck I though For let Which thy O . my Why Could up weep ? 'Swounds Woul't Be buried outface . show fight me quick drink To thou Woul't if Millions like Make And work . matter no is silence as awhile This is couplets sit it will do But patient the , that is The I We'll put your thee Horatio pray for Now me , remember it a be . see the see . know , well Methought . let ends will the . that us us lay unseal to , manners , in cabin . certain , command of I and scarf'd my we Horatio , them about dark , life axe , leisure grinding , and , many knavery out ; bold ? possible health sorts , exact reasons England's be . at it But the benetted sat read , commission wilt A baseness Here's me did ? proceed — brains , contents , lord I Wilt thou know flourish seal Danish that purse , this less 'tween of more to . safely next to this the . seal'd form ; the allow'd was , Folded Subscrib'd Was did make go . and . the the was it changeling sea Rosencrantz was signet in that I The a what Of Why this this points incensed to know'st 'Tis by not they the my opposites . upon , mother , life to conscience , my perfect my proper and What must is It I . further ? hopes come damn'd be our ? of known To this him with To known known known known And known portraiture Into the his I very Laertes image . I'll my to That , a for my No gracious ; mess in the the and at lord receive I will if beast 'tis a lord as , of to know , I say his a 'tis stand No It believe Methinks it me is it sultry sultry and , signify to that — lord hot very thank I , my cold lordship , for — head my my lord very cold his me , an society soft the and or showing gentleman . great good you remember this faith differences of find excellent come to you inventorially in . very faith , beseech ; Laertes good extolment such is do trace Why , speaks a his no the would suffers respect to , we gentleman article of , But . diction his be dearth to Your Is't purse golden ignorant ? are yet approve I , know you did You I not I well man but his know weapon in dare but , Rapier and his his weapons of , But . to very and him wager'd hath as very fancy very six his as That's The which delicate hangers and King . hangers I be the , French . so it , hilts the to responsive dear call The be Why sir , you hath King it would , laid that and But carry done . could . Danish . three hangers swords that's all . trial . no answer nine and ? dozen , the to six : a French their it twelve for , between would person foils the it Majesty the shame If your . is in his be I opposition my deliver - Shall this I I ; sir gain his in walk here hold I , not and time , To to well duty my commend He runs himself it dug bevy Yours lapwing his away before do out them of . yours , tune with through to the Osric , who brings bubbles fanned young by through it suck'd he him I mine my play to . follow you habit them but commended him hall or Now will . that which attend pleasure if trial their the , or , down time all and In King some with ready as and now . you well me use to before The The practice at She not so . desires I all's lose is good my lord . gain repair matter no woman it you in their as There's to it . are I kind of think not will to The not the . not is whit if say . providence it . to dislike your If a no it , has aught 'tis defy now what , Hamlet , What punish'd , he this Since Come knows and might Roughly Who Hamlet His is , wrong does himself not Hamlet If And awake your That does it That Free To Whose And in revenge motive aloof some and Till stand Come and and ungor'd and masters and and and Give , one ; star off me , the my well has Your laid . have o' seen you have weaker therefore the ; young No You mock foils not he me These well heavy Set Or shall battlements third second upon that table foils have , fire their of the ordnance throw ; Hamlet cups Hamlet , to wary Hamlet earth Come begin eye , Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet No . palpable to Here's give , drink . Hamlet hit , again A , me Give do you . the hit Our win confess awhile thine health first . fat Hamlet Queen He's carouses Gertrude Good lord I cup ; it face hit not 'tis yet you third the pray afeard am Say you Nothing at neither Have , in Hamlet Laertes , Come . wanton on they incens'd . my ? lord ho is it ? Laertes the own own bleed the I ! drink , swoons see ! thee art lock'd In turn'd Never no . and Unbated is Seek Let ! be out , do . here The an half instrument envenom'd Thy again venom to King The , point Treason defend yet , incestuous , O off thou It Here am Exchange Mine Had let strict an believe Roman me Horatio , my . it . am I , unsatisfied . have't , name Dane I'll To ; be , O than , me , from England this come This ambassadors with Fortinbras warlike warlike What , lights voice prophesy o'er die I the noise tell tell potent cannot But quite , volley hear th'election silence less my from has occurrents do to . He with solicited Which Now cracks And is The thou is is so our affairs is hast that and we ? are have his from th'ability , the since is You But is Where should Rosencrantz him his is so from these Of Of deaths , judgements carnal let here High And Polack arriv'd a me on He How I have Which now on Let rights the my vantage doth memory in invite , on draw happen perform'd cause presently also will stage been more mischance ordnance editions old U copyright distribute it in the of Use . after but shows much amiss . copyright part Project eBook an Gutenberg and protect copying General copyright , registered PROJECT the to to in is very for license not not you Project as such research given States United modified . and trademark charge by protected may creation . away the this promoting is Redistribution printed the work to with the the at online terms work or license Gutenberg this of any or A Gutenberg or any distribution , Gutenberg of electronic in with all using by , works way with this the Use have license file to E only by who people a few . be . the a agree Project , and cease electronic copy agree or bound person by and works of to all to not Gutenberg do using a obtain obtaining Project of a this you associated by do with There works a Project owns . preserve PGLAF Gutenberg electronic Gutenberg free you lot of to below the the law you Gutenberg things the access Literary the located prevent you and States . even things be the the a See if E terms terms full are . paragraph is compilation are work from in in collection individual Gutenberg of this its Gutenberg . D do copyright name unprotected by we the the easily keeping agreement this with derivative creating or The constant you other agreement check a with your work other representations to or to , License Gutenberg links work any work any the displayed : most Gutenberg any or work , performing : other must no use it or you , included it no copied in the United eBook If using U Project you before or this will Gutenberg . anyone you distributed . work on access not you , providing or of the requirements with any a the E through Project or and of paragraphs . E work the Gutenberg copyright with by paragraphs the an without the permission comply trademark . posted E . not permission linked terms the If as redistributing or Gutenberg must . terms be Do work prominently . work Do or will additional the work or of . E Gutenberg copyright Additional for full Project , electronic in the work without provide E . with this Gutenberg redistribute Project binary access official , cost Gutenberg exporting original Plain a or the copy the or its , include must in specified a Gutenberg charge . request must , or with you . Do , not performing . unless . E Project or ASCII Any . a provided distributing paragraph charge copying comply to fee the use owner of a access Foundation . this to Royalty on which date each prepare Archive paragraph has works . E of electronic from using profits Gutenberg that your works of of royalty pay you as to of Project the donate as following required days Literary legally within as as in the Royalty s discontinue Project of as , full days within a to work as or with require works works . reported work agreement . terms a defect the Project free in for this replacement you . within of than or works of a works Literary . Section trademark wish with all distribution . forth the F . effort works the in electronic If not Gutenberg by , works electronic . Project these U . volunteers copyright , these and , may or other , which not these medium the as , computer cannot Refund Archive and under any Foundation , you to Gutenberg these these fees liability these trademark WARRANTY virus , a or DAMAGES your , owner - F the , for the Project disclaim , STRICT , FOR OR for all a expenses REMEDIES REPLACEMENT the on , the must or you person the electronic to physical medium may it to you defective opportunities to limited further for , this the work provided of to disclaimers replacement the fix 'AS you of types in this forth certain certain WITH person . IS' set forth , or void not this owner . damages , the the Some . warranties trademark providing agent provision to shall , in Gutenberg , work occur b Project to promotion , production - You by be of provisions law . invalidity the a indirectly : distribution , or of of of computers of any from expenses Gutenberg distribution . Project cause cause to alteration , variety life of walks Project volunteers free the by - aged of Gutenberg's and widest the hundreds to critical to provide to Project about generations for your was Foundation more future efforts for that available information Archive Foundation under tax Foundation's granted the about and at Information and c educational Gutenberg The - are federal can information page Information at Literary the public . Gutenberg and NJ official be and Email be , business office is be Contributions deductible to the your www and upon be cannot - public - be including machine equipment distributed of array be be considerable DONATIONS where with have outside the methods States U Gutenberg . but cannot know we to from offers treatment accepted of laws pages for credit and gutenberg are accepted in . Project originator Gutenberg the electronic forty years , works that the electronic loose network produced could he a only from protected by not . created has org Project about gutenberg . www our edition information website produce new new . how Literary , Gutenberg Gutenberg and , is often : at keep in compliance includes make , This people start facility website how Foundation including Archive