? Stand answer . Long come . much I relief now twelve You this 'Tis struck thanks Not The rivals , meet watch my If of you I , Barnardo has farewell Give you honest , my place , Welcome And let says , once again , our I to if Therefore That What sit we fortified nights two Well Barnardo of night And yond t'illume us let Where The same Last that's burns bell it break off . then King . Look it me with spoke be ? Mark , this fair of usurp'st and . heaven I it that ? is march away offended . buried speak stalks time warlike . 'Tis now ! more than ? the God my ! Of ! Is it ! As thou the was Such So mine Before Without twice But in the particular some down what Good This martial before to tell most of cast subject the daily toils strange thought work our . not know of eruption me and implements , task . week war land observant cannon , me last King , Hamlet seal'd compact lands , hand state no full , Fortinbras and as Now the , article here , lawless of Norway mettle list diet , appear of terms But by So The squeak As Of this post - haste and in rummage no through armed it the question so this other e'en the King fell the and fire ; almost the doomsday empire in and to . mote A Did graves little ere stood gibber the and trains That But , cross If If there thou it to , For though it blast , to thy death ! speak ! not will it , and partisan . gone show , of air violence , crew cock , when a summons guilty . I . that Doth Awake Whether in This the ever no hath no is gracious nor and hallow'd are of that on say then And The The No nights Wherein Some , morn the o'er But Break I heard and we This Where spirit Let young consent Cornelius , Laertes Lords our we so be yet be green brother's us our it . Voltemand , death dear , and befitted kingdom , dole we nor one with delight freely , thanks by wife scale , have young our . weak a to not this disjoint advantage , death brother's , message writ , here for him . bonds So time Fortinbras have of much surrender , his He hath the father with of lands those hears , the to - bed uncle is of and for this suppress , Voltemand Norway old you here , allow than power duty . our , will show . commend heartily VOLTEMAND things haste . scope . your ? Laertes Laertes , farewell to wouldst , to instrumental throne Than The more of From in lord wouldst my though Dread favour What is The your . not shall That Have hath Upon his By I But And thy He Take Aside is , Hamlet Good thine And Thou Passing 'tis through to all , it is , be it with ; I Nay ! not Nor Seems , madam Nor 'Tis alone that within a man . that have No customary my it ? thee good , solemn of grief , eye the the , actions trappings , lost mourning the but sweet you But To In father must these commendable your your duties . sorrow obligation obsequious do lost filial 'Tis Take most Why it A we impious In obstinate the we , and who that today cried theme fault peevish our in most , the absurd corse fathers ? Fie dead pray and a fault As You . still nature to fault a , vulgar let for are This first unprevailing that with most nobility bears us to take throne intent you retrograde bend to your For to : note world think earth throw of our of desire . to Hamlet Wittenberg go cousin us my best and you most beseech to back we pray not thy with her prayers not , stay all a in and to ourself heart the heaven Denmark ; unforc'd Denmark in accord health cannon rouse great the Re O No - that , and too Madam smiling Thaw speaking earthly too itself had God ! garden in gross and world unweeded an 'tis uses the slaughter Everlasting into . O the stale , it rank it things not so much come and it , this not , it on winds was to it this ! it two : it ! father — woman mine discourse of like unrighteous a wants . God A Let me Niobe father's yet With , I it dexterity such not is salt Hercules but more Why — that longer Than But And break I Horatio , your same or glad But very good you faith . My see glad , am I , To Nor I , Against teach came see , ere you fellow , to in deep funeral , report truant Elsinore . yourself We'll lord see , I see you see Indeed coldly ever see My Or see Where my once see eye him saw eye father eye I a In eye ; him saw him ! eye lord attent your eye for an of eye . these ear marvel to admiration till had these hear gentlemen , you let . watch night father solemn pie they whilst jelly to , surprised : them by and length with not to of did him ; speak impart secrecy - night third had dumb Almost By Goes slow before stately truncheon's exactly , cap like of the , oppress'd they deliver'd his In Form with , of The And I the apparition These But where Did My the we ? did none it lord head it I motion lifted answer we do It , as it the sound it And indeed sirs but lord , lord . his to ? foot to top say , From My , sorrow or his eyes upon ? very anger ? pale very fix'd very very very constantly Most very been amaz'd you it . very there long a tell BARNARDO very moderate saw't I it no , seen in . again tonight will walk father's noble it I And bid hold my hitherto . I pray itself this speak If it assume my peace have it an platform Upon the arms ! mine would foul play o'erwhelm my , sit the earth in necessaries embark'd . give benefit do the But , My convoy And you Do Hamlet it that trifling in The perfume but his toy a in of , lasting ; primy , violet a and and For thews inward service . Perhaps mind does No withal nor nor Grows And no nor The The nor virtue The nor is he Than give the weigh with nor lose Whereof If your too ear or credent , you unmaster'd fear his Or Then the heart , shot of the disclos'd youth strokes enough prodigal 'scapes galls before oft Virtue watchman to my itself Contagious blastments morn not , rebels as a like And my treads rede of path Whilst Show you thou unproportion'd thou Yet The Those But Look Be do thou Nor them , in for precepts in my of shoulder thy your the There . stay'd are new every each Costly But And Take Give Are For oft select both borrowing Neither edge be : true . day be of night be season the in , thee any ; in man ; and . station . lord . tend , servants , Ophelia to and you take I your leave remember lock'd the memory . he to of key . he he , Farewell he . he Hamlet he he . tenders girl truth a made clearly so — free 'tis I so up your honour many . you the . tenders , what ? baby , phrase with . me of wind you'll importun'd honourable to catch it fashion love go , lord do . to blood woodcocks how , for take entreatments in a with a Believe And so much is slander terms This for vows larger him parley to given you your which ; implorators mere tether . that he Lord Hamlet young walk , show are Ophelia few investments , all ways . hour What a shrewdly ; lacks is think as out . rouse ? the swaggering and takes and , drains he - his kettle The to in achievements and our From breach breach us breach to honour'd - pith So for That breach in their breach Since their , birth down say livery breach of I Nature's His of else , the may of censure . fault general they Fortune's — man infinite , plausive pales of choose wherein of cannot of the , stamp too much of star o'erleavens these of of that pure of , evil grace ! goblin health or or questionable thee and heaven from ministers thy Angels Be with Be me thy canoniz'd burst Bring , King Have Hath thus dead cast That thou up his saw , father , Revisit'st Wherefore reaches ? this horridly to ! What may , nature the jaws marble do ? it , if beckons It But will Why not my speak be , it I'll the flood of , it fee to . as at a fear pin's do itself follow what the , his . go hands you petty the artery Nemean , say heaven , Still am as I call'd a with He desperate Go ghost of I'll thus this will to follow ; Have Something is , When I myself up , Alas poor come . flames me ? me . render thy I thy What ? the . shalt term confin'd crimes a to day certain thou the purg'd ; start from young prison combined like thy tale stars quills particular eyes Thy And But Like each and two of my whose soul upon the fretful tell and Till Are Make thy up a this most But God God God I or , meditation know't God the God Revenge me God Murder most foul , that to find Murder Haste sweep I thoughts May revenge ; apt . noble ear of youth the whole death life thy beast , have his - was falling that shameful . vow with to decline the were gifts will link'd the a itself ! be prey of afternoon , vial uncle stole a in effect the within morning my always methinks , Will But Brief And wholesome curd and most instant tetter . doth body hebenon cursed of the an with And And a - The like and , a like , blood sudden lazar , sleeping , of , all With O If the nature O in pursu'st thy her nor thou mind and of Denmark be not ; contrive heaven lodge to her thee soul , once ! bosom let leave in . for couch not bed , bear royal A Let Against The glow - 'gins , adieu and adieu those And To Adieu adieu adieu shall And I But all adieu adieu And O adieu you you Unmix'd with the youth and book O , am smile At So It uncle least I , adieu have and lord Lord me . my my . sworn't MARCELLUS , Now ' word in be a . villain to remember are be so . lord come ! bird . ho Come is't How news , you'll , I I , reveal heart be you'll secret ? it — once lord all Denmark the my an he's , ghost heaven and MARCELLUS man lord . would But HORATIO go for and own poor point . part . pray , and my shall we that right so it man ; you wild whirling you faith they heartily , lord ; heartily , you here . my offend , Yes no there , Horatio friends soldiers . seen you and HORATIO but what my ? is now scholars . friends your is't My lord will not my Nay my faith In Come , on this ? under stage sword my so Art thou there . sword my my , lord my , oath the Cries We , the , Indeed . Swear you ha Consent hear seen . fast . sword i' , work good strange is this more th'earth remove wondrous welcome . earth But , me seeing at I of in a night and day said That , list , or , know' to speak' Or know such ambiguous mercy at me of pronouncing encumber'd by we Or giving 'There - if phrase shake shall , might' commend love And , Rest With May God And time ever I your all , rest do do You shall you Of him I and these . good behaviour , Reynaldo Reynaldo inquiry Look sir keep , wisely visit marvellous his well , expense and my 'twere particular son what first who do well Enquire What , how That Take As part as you him' — Ay part But But if't be and companions heed of that so , well ; 'not , slips , far . dishonour go fencing drinking , would You drabbing As sir , youth , My as not must put open meaning flash A not may seem : but to breathe incontinency scandal another that another it ; liberty , mind another lord — another should But That You he another That's That my they and another his know of on soil'd another , th' you good I Wherefore it is a , sir fetch , you the I Mark party The you ; sir 'Good I I I I so youth you with closes He ' , does Very , He the At At There or I then , closes falling he 'closes 'closes you yesterday : 'I ay or , the or in and 'gentleman : a such or enter wisdom lecture directions find with me and of bias , say now you , former have by . have you , my , him let I shall lord ? matter in my , his , shirt and his with , what My now How , Alas No Pale As lord My speak To Ungart'red , as if He falls he by wrist said not I As And last goes And He would he Then took me a his he without he all . such He it being . other the length of all brow . King , love of go seek ecstasy fordoes heaven , will very property , go me bulk lets his his shoulder turn'd their his over head find way without on light , late , judgement ! opinions younger in our the we than hide to discretion To must is . be As beyond it cast known , we hate being kept , The Moreover , Of Since his More , transformation sending hasty ; than Resembles much father's it nor that ; draw ; as to pleasures ; you unknown and open'd ; to from your by hath talk'd ; our our gather , may his days I ; remedy will are there much your and shall king's . men of such our us thanks have time gentry will of afflicts within much it and , you , you a fits Might Put by your pleasures sovereign power majesties into the bent . my , you hold my else gracious policy do so brain King liege , mine th'ambassadors that to I I have hear long to and that son's all and queen , your the them , is doubt I He The but shall , Voltemand greetings and he nephew's , to be But better against your in , and he which of return , so falsely vow rebuke borne with joy fee annual , more your in against to , arms Norway ; uncle his he Gives And So levied With him give Receives ; which hand , before from of Norway To might entreaty as his th'assay old three commission dominions please regards your before , you us it That us therein It and think consider'd us set safety and us . down well us took us . is wit time time and duty us son is night since nothing day Were More I swear Madam That 'tis farewell pity it 'tis , And But use That Or For this find , the him and , remains use say is mad , use grant us daughter soul's . use this in use That's Hath use me — duty whilst and she is Perpend and , surmise and . vile — Ophelia and is 'beautified' ; hear beautified . mark and , my phrase and Came Good ill an I I that love evermore dear Doubt ill at Doubt , As how . man on what . wing the you what me I might - book that might and think , this , love told I As hot hot hot Or my my look'd my upon No mistress hot ' lock must done hot no messengers a prince , out I round hot idle : her , tokens of , wherein lightness madness he this declension a a my tale we now for ? short into to advice , this likely raves wail by , will indeed , though find hours . further we You he daughter arras then an he does lobby four walks the hid centre were loose , loose him loose . to fall'n loose me , you loose O beseech I How loose , me , a fishmonger are mercy lord , were I a God You my lord one be my - know . to , picked man good a lord a ? a — a is , a Friend Aside said I a much words a lord look to't a , on extremity . my love you fishmonger I him I sir mean . Slanders the their gum yourself you , weak ; All if , I to lack plentiful . honesty , backward go of madness my Aside potently Will . Indeed most , with believe sir you , I yet is is ? pregnant will more life of him reason sometimes Aside anything life I that , my . fools lord my except . Hamlet my leave him from life except , honourable the contrive sir , seek ; well . tedious you old you save , the God Polonius To excellent , happy - most dear dost shoe the ye how children ; button her soles we we earth over the are are not that Then you cap not lord the middle of is true . in her is my your but that good that to , hither me at deserved . strumpet . world's news , Then one But you Let prison friends hands the question more , and dungeons bad or . mind a good king count too is is ; you so To me th' confines one many have I and ; shadow . a bad ; one not in 'tis A space it bounded ambition then , Why , dreams I God , Truly Which ambitious indeed and Then our bodies , th' I matter such the you . speak to will you am poor I even sort of thanks it friends , in a ; free visitation thank you And , But sent not ; not Come ? speak and have sent you is modesties Queen lord . for rights the obligation what consonancy by more dear a by ? by your sent , say me youth conjure me our direct no an were we , My you the King to not it moult anticipation your feather my brave , this it of congregation reason , promontory this and how moving and in goes other , angel , no a goes in goes world , paragon dust goes My goes laugh then goes , thoughts not 'Man And you when stuff no And them on what in there And form piece What faculties though And by , if from are you coming be And have the lover tribute me' . Lenten peace in target And entertainment , way and tickle the . service ? and ; the of tragedians — they or foil his o' Majesty man humorous his , welcome lungs , shall freely mind . for't those laugh her What players . take profit it their same the better was Their , I not out but there the the is top fashion , wearing thither that come scarce How are they say not sing they — goose if the berattle the of - cry that stages eyases keeps little can against better 'em than themselves to ? and quills , succession Will many ; now on These call — they are afterwards children on . poet maintains they them their and went question much been has like they no ? they , Who possible away of while , money load Denmark give twenty , his father lord carry about ? been boys do a very strange ; Ay , for while apiece hands Let players Your . ceremony in this , garb mouths picture lived in little . players me than , is I southerly mother I tell you must . father uncle more appear . handsaw ear each too , Well not , his they come there - north north - time see and to out a When . gentlemen , you twice be with hawk swaddling a of is . old Mark it man an — say . the of morning come The , tell lord , I to have lord , When hither . Roscius , Then in tragical , What treasure Why thou well — only men . daughter my th' right not ? daughter ? my , my pious welcome , masters the of It row O lady gold . By'r by Come lord Come passionate . to't , a ? million if or the and , pleased received you I like voice your Masters , taste at fly . a us give falconers the , was honest the Dido to than an . live in to as others not , excellent lines the , thereabout in it it , see wholesome as of your might in One . sallets fine in no method that , slaughter it called , see handsome more me couched he of With To With eyes murders . the dismal total this lay , the sable with so Pyrrhus , Pyrrhus and and falls it match'd strikes wide ; sword sword . Greeks at his with at Pyrrhus But Th'unnerved to arm , in . hellish , discretion , accent , flaming , blow and For head neutral Priam as the heavens Did to his . painted reverend will and to milky the . the death him pause , orb work fall - Pyrrhus' , the after a hammers proof Pyrrhus' than remorse On Aroused as we , Of A As rend And With Out The less sets on Fortune ! All you gods sword ; wheel . of fiends . sleeps he heaven Prithee say on . a that or , shall He's for head threat'ning queen' ? loins pronounc'd her she them Pyrrhus of milch have Would The In the th'alarm and lank in , her all in have limbs that the . move , in And will he well . I'll , well see ; your After better much ? more them after Use whipping 'scape they Dost thou hear or ha't We'll You hear We'll would could my and down The play lord a lord my , night sixteen . Very well , am player slave that monstrous , so soul in But from broken in her his eyes , a it what and till Tears , for aspect his Hecuba or her for would cue passion he stage with ; tears do ? whole function ? the drown , amaze the to all working fiction distraction nothing ; visage all in's , him to to forms With That And - say whose was and my - and mad cleave ? and ears , I , and not dear I in breaks Am my rascal unpregnant of across face th' this , ere lack this throat kindless bawdy gall cannot ? my lie kites king life the Who and for does property and most ? Foh upon't , Fie like unpack by revenge whore - to offal bitter Bloody fatted all the region , am of a ! father , words my ! and a of cunning to . players ! This I Prompted I scullion A , a sitting a play heard have at my brain soul have I'll of If and , devil shape pleasing the . that . scene presently , tongue have malefactions the so have They murder Been most Play devil he As the the King spirits power , no drift all and no his dangerous state well madness ? him Of Did would his he him will to some , aloof . keeps be he does do receive gentleman his disposition sounded to Niggard , it that joy told certain kind , demands him , court we Majesties . the matter it so him To And raught . This ; him on Sweet , much me beseech'd he to lord these edge delights . seeing frankly your be , For If't part good That , I do cause virtues hope I his . wonted way your honours it Madam , him : beauties obey Ophelia you for wildness shall . may so Ophelia , wish here your . walk you will Your That much Aside 'tis . sugar o'er ! with himself devil The . too loneliness Ophelia 'Tis And lash smart , that , prov'd a hear withdraw word helps with the to deed cheek . that O speech more my O to beautied lord : sleep troubles to and , heart ; ache a sleep a — of sea a ? against to be , is the to die by : ay To to question end sleep may mortal of dream dreams There's what whips the . proud man's spurns the and the , delay law's would sweat fardels quietus these whose , might of resolution might of native might With But The traveller to with might others that we us might all , thought moment turn and you in might Soft a ? name fair Ophelia of Nymph well , my for honour their action Good thank I have well lord this , yours of remembrances long to receive now longed , ha ! my ; Rich Ha I gifts again things you wax for you fair lordship What these , when . Are to unkind prove givers lord Could truly be means and you if That , better honest lord , for bawd than the a made , lord but into it was This proof I Why was have Indeed is me it for deceived a breeder offences not more but ; yet I wouldst mother , all knaves imagination fellows to I them as of give borne could thou accuse Where's he ? should nunnery in What . We be doors shut as pure as , At heavens you . thou marry . you but you Be you ! wilt monsters you escape dowry thy not you make of . jig , you wantonness your , all . a To . married You paintings your of you and make yourselves enough make and hath are as it mind , fair the , Like mind mind T'have mind suck'd all fashion of of of glass mind unmatch'd with seen what mind that form Blasted Love what ? he , something hatch which determination quick : have down Will be Thus Haply the variable objects and of he , countries puts his expel , to : him beating But What . himself brains settled in , with neglected tribute , speed heart think yet . do I grief you ? Ophelia . said , please him entreat please her all . tell My and not it lord . Lord as , Hamlet be do . the , with in him . ear , where . him must of fellow to groundlings a , inexplicable passion offends , for do must ones great in the speech tongue and But . the your to part you but the ears avoid own be your , both for special the anything nature , end own image the whose , her modesty playing hold laugh , 'twere to honour o'erdoing it at the allowance or age I very . tutor this your word the scorn and form feature and own virtue show to judicious grieve though is , the time Suit and of o'erweigh , whole and , theatre heard , we hope altogether . And for it I O reform be themselves more is That's , neither having , they imitated play . I that sir , men and . them made the that and hear now lord of there that those . in though that uses the King And , it the Will Here lord ho your ! Horatio ? spirits thee poor pomp be knee , flatter'd was herself all men For blessed co a . so for pipe And rewards the the my in near of heart circumstance heart will Fortune's me I too Give not she thanks finger - Something tonight , ay passion's not my As I Which Observe Do It prithee , when the uncle itself not is As Vulcan's my damned mine And a In Well the pay I aught coming flourish . Rosencrantz fares , the play . is . I to Get If play , promise detecting the play he are How of this faith I play nothing nor mine play our Enter King Queen play ? crammed . did play That , I have with my lord and ? lord My say ? actor killed Brutus . Capitol enact my , a of him ? mother the Lady I hither Ay To King in you attractive , Come my No , Ay . country between my . lord ? maids' . to is , my father lord within's be merry Then ? not memory man's die , Ay , maker mother , then sables your only how you cheerfully must , horse very Queen upon off exits takes his . The She a Enter . lady . there's horse show makes forgot is 'For , O he a comes in Mutes carried love it miching this woos seeming this We Marry by know , this is this my means players cannot . lord show Belike : play show ashamed . ring , naught . of lord naught I'll to naught naught a posy my woman's naught orbed been Hymen twelve naught brief thirty Neptune's Full And Since thirty have , most sun be done , borrow'd thirties round gone cart Tellus' the you from , Unite love hearts in sheen , must I former . nothing extremity made fear doubts love do , love , the , great is my neither is grow great littlest grows in or , aught In is , siz'd my leave world — one kind there as my in rest treason . shalt me let husband Such love O , to and great in powers shalt operant Honour'd needs second Are Wormwood . Aside The base second instances A When me none of ; the , break we on tree speak bed in what kill my . validity memory now , determine think the Of now What passion fall Most in to 'tis The This Where Their , loves question should for revels doth grief violence joy is fortune lead down man 'tis hitherto And who not poor advanc'd aye The Whether love , with aye grieves of own not most aye joy a ; aye left even aye aye Directly in die But Nor Sport to repose So thoughts Our Our devices , their still are husband of hope and , strife . I lasting heaven be the blanks in would that and once spirits rock fain and , have well ever ! now me sleep . in't ? offence poison jest ; this , like you ? jest but do they you Marry in done Vienna 'tis . anon we ; could . the puppets : a Let o' what us touches the to our free Gonzago how that jade This is , withers good one You It your mistake better — Still a you Come Begin worse I if , dallying my lord groaning croaking else fit apt . Pox time bellow for , wife name's . His . the Italian love choice estate for's and murderer The lord Gonzago's property The see shall Gonzago false my , What very fire ? weep , Away o'er Give Lights , Why not Would , pound pajock rhymed Of Jove thou For whole good Horatio Why Ah very vouchsafe music music music The , music music , belike , music with music . marvellous , into him his richer to would signify more itself to put put show discourse wildly your The your Queen , mother I from am , you are is You courtesy not of return my answer wholesome me , lord please my if you this , commandment make ; wholesome answer shall , but cannot diseased rather your thus she says to heels can so this with that , times her . you speak . My struck hath . no bed . further the King of advancement deny you , Sir what And do , is of cause your still by lack I as if To — grows your ? You to your surely do griefs ? himself do is the something proverb the , would musty , too this ? your . finger me my ventages make of . my a my lowest voice in , you instrument you think do what 'Sblood from much this I the ! I of pluck harmony to command I cannot , to you ; look ; there you would you mystery can than you , the , you cannot . fret ? pipe lord see the you I by to I by and will say so . is and by now and whale a Very — mother whale the , out night the day breathes as could and will me , not bosom . use but , somever thy . world 'Tis to do to this on Soft nature enter not . this ; firm unnatural . safe it , dispatch Therefore nor range forthwith you , bodies many religious ourselves so Hazard the many provide Majesty of itself strength . of and but ; and whose The cease depend a is gulf a massy draw majesty rest more , it your life 'noyance keep with but from ; near lives all The . voyage , fear footed - put petty of ten , boist'rous with this GUILDENSTERN this ruin but Which My hear To Arm you For we to . some makes vantage I'll The said more Fare you , hath offence And of lord tell , warrant wisely smells upon't sharp will not it my lord I business where pause a , I my can rank primal Though A my both not . wash confront it the Is I in neglect thicker stand And My stronger Were What ! eldest murder What inclination be defeats strong as , hand cursed What guilt to what's be Or And What is serve That May crown those What What seen pardon'd own for . past forestalled prayer serves ? of we ? But Forgive I am I'll Then O law shuffling But the of this . murder foul my what down form look did the th'offence in what repentance one black death repent bosom that limed more gilded the In wretched O the nature 'tis , there the out is his to what Try struggling , heart well And I , strings cannot , be , born be ! be free steel babe . be scann'd praying of All be do't I , his his heavy so villain be am he goes same full who and is heaven be To With And 'Tis he take is in At , he sword That his no may heels relish soul him his , has trip Then pleasure pleasure When pleasure Or , pleasure Up And physic pleasure swearing ; be King The pleasure My up to never my rises it My damn'd as prolongs goes remain advances go home him with hath heat He Tell . Pray him Grace stood between here e'en Look and . pranks your Mother I'll offended . tongue offended much an idle . now a , how , mother . you Thou wilt not of a you up speak wife my you You brother's so . husband's . that not . budge can glass murder help ? me , help rat ! bloody marry kill Ay for , lady , 'twas king . fool — some danger intruding is busy . of , Peace have it If And wringing me it have That let Leave If I . thee wretched Thou is proof and it for better of your be damned , that against grace done noise I the sets as fair an Calls an thou and . blister a From blurs an That As tristful an A an false this from dicers' of an Makes such marriage an innocent sweet doth , doom . this and picture presentment on this brothers index , the the , seated front sick and makes religion and , soul as act act compound face glow ? brow , himself and of herald indeed form kissing Mercury , command , seal , mildew'd you ? wholesome this husband . did and heaven grace heaven curls lighted his moor mountain . like you follows ear eyes feed eyes heaven heaven hill heaven to now assurance the : heaven . what man . for is heaven ? Sense and tame ! Ha ? judgement ; at , judgement humble your age it's blood to day call fair a leave Have you you sense that , but have ecstacy some quantity you could serve without a hands you , of ! where is sans feeling at smelling sight all blush , shame , doth matron's Proclaim gives fire , tinct and very soul love . villain part ; mine ; no me daggers Stew'd That a put and hover o'er and What gracious wings your and it shelf empire the ! pocket precious And A guards ! of shreds he's heavenly You Save not laps'd The not between acting come Do Do O and your of time But thy on and her Conceit O look in to , Speak it with How with at and flame of distemper son , you . life soldiers your air is't you , lady eye do wildly , Do not pale Whereon he to look have in on vacancy , the alarm , hairs bedded Sprinkle him His Would Will with and him On up Start did No there his now goes you you all that is I steals . away . he at the out as portal habit your . time is It me word to not that That It will And Repent past the what the and , yourself ulcerous to mining all on this these vice of my ; within must test which , soul speaks madness love of grace place . other in . a And , thou hast cleft with you have part to it twain it who , in eat , good all angel gives likewise to tonight Refrain of put That To And that the away Hamlet Assume Good shall abstinence He habits is on lend a or , out him throw are when And I The Not Let I must I death bad bloat King means Thus wanton Make by no shall cheek pair this Who ? from , you would . essentially to I To dear the try , and and in not That who For break conclusions on the like , I no made hast have concluded so Alack own words of creep ape , to that fang'd sweep must . they , it Let two my work , two crafts me , foolish toward mother prating the a neighbour packing set into most secret Indeed , below 't and one yard . O draw night fit 'tis your sighs ; translate must these understand little seen ? Hamlet I . ' . contend while ! old when both lawless stir a rat all everyone to , was out threats , of this us , love it most was whose bloody to full us , us had with But of feed , of providence deed be answer'd ? ore ! aid body the . this . bring you friends to , slander you , blank you , you you our may O . miss come dismay you ! cannon cannon cannon come Lord cannon and , cannon the as the hit cannon Within cannon is have us keep your Do , Compounded dead kin . thence to be a ? his take that it , king : he to The the us with go body dry be a sleeps my in and — King is ! thing lord Hide . all . after . the body loose the ! on the goes find the to man multitude the , their but weigh'd ; the eyes , the . from ? Polonius . Now Not all creatures are he , eats but at e'en fat to one Alas with hath fish Nothing show you how may . i' him within seek this till stay nose . your indeed messenger you find stairs up grieve send prepare must you . at everything . for mother But if , come Hamlet father Thy that So loving . our thou them . knew'st cherub see mother That else England thy at him Delay And As my Since After sovereign homage the , yet it , leans Our if my great , of conjuring death must haps present sword which . my . begun . Fortinbras , Danish rendezvous with his so ; march . us promis'd from conveyance . our him softly . lord , my duty , Norway I sir whose sir , frontier with little Norway it , no , gain a five I Polack is souls thousand already should never defend or would but no the , speak in ducats rate Nor A pay We go not the to the will be sold and garrison'd , not is inward dies I'll Why th'imposthume , much of you God you sleep his and feed you us made before he Looking That you . be you not it craven Now with and you chief my that all with How And but Be Sure good occasions in , or and unus'd some after gave reason wisdom do do and earth and delicate spirit by this Even to an that To Sith I To have . Examples gross exhort charge , see , a fame , trick of continent , forth . doth it they hearers The Which And , her spoken sure their own thoughts , it , move nothing , doubt , strew , spilt nature some true amiss guilt , of to is . be ? song , turf , lord flowers showers pretty lady you the we say ! what let's we dild , God you be your Valentine morning , words means have And I dupp'd And an Charity for come me , tumbled you done hadst hath before to sun . But cold th' . my brother choose My , good you night shall Come Gertrude , sweet father slain not single most . sweet the , sweet and own your sweet good in their ; death Polonius' her sweet son just , they First ; sweet remove unwholesome ; to and in pictures containing himself in , clouds to infect father's his come from France mere these beasts judgement as fair . have him are buzzers speeches pestilent Wherein ear to a death in . In are Alack and nothing ear Gives Let Let ? Switzers Save Let the not Than Let Let , Let Let cheerfully Caps Antiquity ratifiers forgot the offices be counter . in let's ? king is — doors , Where The I pray No give me good king , good vile thou good father calm the good . me unsmirched mother Calmly good cuckold Cries good Even here blood that's brands the brow good — person : would , king a hedge but his incens'd Let . will . thus art Speak is But demand Conscience dare ! came To , comes what the damnation Most They shall far for means I'll go will My , sweepstake both , writ the your and foe , As day does shall It Within How O , It fine beam virtue . shall sister , a an and where And on Hey Fare barefac'd rain'd well nonny a dove move and down a becomes - wheel 'Down and ! is it Hadst and and and the and and that's there There's , rosemary A for violets . for Sundays . father . remembrance they wither'd all of thoughts , and a o' I . daisy . would . and O ; must ? again come is dead - death as was never thy not not , will come his gone white flaxen beard He Go And all Christian cast was he away , pray his on I God . moan gone as is soul we bed . God , commune right by but your Go will apart , you must see souls , this O , God your hear shall of Laertes me I you they If our find us crown Our Be To , And To give be obscure his , bones burial — earth — o'er you would They . sir th'offence speak they are know them Let come , be What sir , shall some to at fellows means and in old I of I alone King when Finding the thou was let bound . th'ambassador as him that a grapple But they became them letters him on the On . ourselves so haste , Come of I speak for light bore Rosencrantz ear and thou you . He To And must you Now in my speedier him your heart father , seal knowing your for ear these against Pursu'd hath capital up stirr'd all not appears proceeded , wisdom things , sphere , affection , a bow aim'd . I reverted timber'd where I driven her not That Break perfections made our pastime it think sleeps are For now , I , shortly flat of may if challenger we can will lov'd let And That will will Letters my me ! will they , him that will Leave will brought . you shall will , you mighty , I asking strange all the rest eyes . I . them saw He know to ? hand and beg more and shall and 'High Tomorrow shall Can you here postscript advise am in and lord me says . in my ' , he , character ? him heart teeth ' But him to let peace I will be lord my , not Ay you No As how Will own at , he his even the To more an which for exploit his , falls in that talk'd I his to undertake shall but , it . be the so regard my of very part Of As did that the . envy , that , my , weeds months of gentleman a was I've seen Had . in't such to can , the , What youth and , demi did beast he As well horseback serv'd doing grew the gallant , what been in had brave I And For know And gave . all confession your rapier 'twould . motion out match cried The be especially defence sight envenom them of you you , Sir . could , out him Why ask without father the love ? heart like your of out he Hamlet Laertes , dear to painting a ? father , by begun fire proof time is did I that know I qualifies And A his when goodness of And Dies That hurts there are hath would ; That to for delays much 'should' But Hamlet show More your : father's son ? you in would to what know from bounds and the on not peruse foils , shall bounds close come good sanctuarize , bounds chamber bounds bounds bounds mountebank it knife a a anoint a . heads you in a set And Frenchman gave in generous wager in Will A I it mortal in Where Collected from all that bought an will purpose in , but is contagion scratch'd in Under moon So If the This Weigh what Let's With fit And We'll I Our for calls for nonce he When did A chance escape may One they follow . O , heel purples stream make and the aslant in willow a Drown'd Your grows hoary maids on hang pendant boughs men's did daisies glassy , brook ? shepherds do fingers herself spread old . brook she one - And Unto that Clamb'ring When the weeping , a like time that , garments her Alas Let had How I to buried , her on sat Is burial own Christian ? her drowned finds Christian herself so . the three point act here . act For to and delver it make 'tis it , wittingly act you ; water drown he that himself . that man drowns , marry , Ay crowner's is not . of and the man ; him death him will he own good nill life ? law this guilty , folk ancient but have should their more no is There . up than the . none bore ? they great that pity or drown hang . he Was the Scripture is What builds stronger or for wit The well ? It thy - well ; gallows gallows a to maker in stronger those , faith mason , a unyoke . and can . tell tell cannot , To't dull asked till last me makes are liquor of this your love very ; thee say 'a get , love for of methought made hath 'Tis e'en feeling his ? property of making - grave of with But ; Custom if As claw'd had hath age stealing land the , knave How it . How did it dost not which once politician God circumvent a jawbone ass now , to . revolution a a , For 'em . at and Ay horse Worm's ; chapless , an breeding . no ache cost Mine shrouding ? shrouding shrouding and be meet is guest clay of skull his him shrouding a will and this suffer This statutes have more shrouding a his fine purchases , shrouding his great of buyer his land recovery shrouding the too ones The and himself of conveyances inheritor the his skins sheep my ha ? and of fines of vouchers of , of Will , than must . the lord , Whose , too sir I will ? that calf . indeed , be . speak to and calves — this , for not , thou to for clay such be For sir in't sir the I part not lie dost 'Tis a quick man For ? it , sir her rest ! We Lord a the absolute undo us , it near but that the the soul . our hast that day the age Hamlet o'ercame came grave he galls picked , is the is the Every he — that , and It How I peasant equivocation have of kibe is since . if ; was sent England there is fool born was Hamlet Cannot because be in him no recover sent into wits great he ; not 'Twill not in here have with Upon losing before the A tann'd sore he that decayer skull your and water more trade whoreson keep will . the you have last some your in he Why his three Whose it him pestilence , E'en sir ? was I rogue , not . flagon jester Alas fancy your — Prithee an Alas - table him , my the her were Here and Alas . that of most ; Alas , that it at Where merriment mock your gibes now her grinning Alas . thousand infinite Alas rises times a back ! is it imagination your songs roar to this to Not ? kiss'd I know your , come , must lady's my ? one thou What's Alexander E'en looked uses of we smelt to consider Alexander Dost And To and make Imperious why returneth lead jot that dust ; But ; that that , Might O ! but ! Here winter's the King . world comes awe flaw Trains their ! did This ? else youth ? ceremony a we Couch life awhile own such Laertes is That , the , maiden Yet Shards , Of bell here And She Must there and , shall thou from howling my thee i' fair I her requiem be more no be more peace - and sister flesh Lay her unpolluted fair the liest Ophelia my sweet . have to , thy Hold old To Till a This makes and is them stand devil Grappling I wounded What him Yet let Which take Thou pray'st thy I them in wiseness well from rash ; my lord Good thy , I Why eyelids will longer him what upon wag . with ! quiet Gentlemen be no ? thyself ? her love , woul't ? thou'lt him for thou wilt Laertes do ! tear whine to so her will ? throw , mouth ground our zone let , mere fit as as awhile Ossa And thus , the This patient the couplets sit When like Singeing Millions will But and , himself I What is the reason will : his upon mew , our . him push see ; be we shall Now let living a watch proceeding our patience in , Gertrude Good this for the not the sometime hew shapes , it rashness indiscretion Our deep Up from in and again where ; fears Their No , That Denmark's on ! to My , Here's hear I wilt But commission Is't head not the should a had Or They I begun How A a new the benetted with prologue round did I . villanies me it my ? wrote I what ; Wilt lord learning hold did , baseness did The That on many And stand such the debatement , know like further 'tween her his was between England As As Without should a still them peace love He - I Which The Was They are did by 'Tis already Now ; of Danish that of up gave't never Does , Of dangerous they , quit To with Thrown Popp'd hath the Between He that not what th'election — this shortly It And my in his must known 'One' for . Horatio , our be the I man's to It is him What a And of tow'ring of image sure Into a his did . favours waterfly welcome here ? Denmark him vice a be Dost . his know right for let gracious , and if stand land state Your He his bonnet Put . I to but beasts impart a as of ; of possession mess king's the at I thank It it is for lord , for . leisure your — he I — that cannot . the you as — bade Majesty ; wager his I in is your mine for ; come faith court excellent you to , you remember , laid , matter , full would verity , his ; gentleman or though , and him , infallibly . of of , The and respect be speaks would , to inventorially of in definement him find of a dizzy would I , possible not Is't concernancy and rareness as umbrage in ? do't gentleman words . sir are . spent ? Sir His is him me excellence , faith are yet not are You not confess dare I , sir , weapon unfellowed well Barbary six him it hangers to , dear assigns has , are faith the carriages very , their The in knew be by , if to german might be , I be , carriages , King shall would sir , this against carriages The more you to liberal conceited would . is it swords that's imponed all : six I not exceed , my mean will lord , If the but after you please deliver person foils brought his , can deliver . deliver will ? him if hits your ; my re gain deliver this effect deliver , commend deliver commend it with runs before bevy his that I them do and the carries , which of tune the of did same with but blow through out of it . encounter age He you they to ready , is pleasure to my mine you time ; collection lord . follow or down if take to longer provided . his If be . to . France But good my . into it the Since lose You so shall all's . do not I my Nay at ; mind , but win think practice If If now if but a ; Since man it it trouble There's not now of not now defy be we dislike what , what is't done gentleman with am pardon knows and a needs have sore exception . done nature What are I I here wrong'd Laertes , your , as , pardon't . sir I But he's , when Hamlet might Was't If , Hamlet And does Hamlet be madness , Never Hamlet . If't be ; most the audience is wrong'd . away Hamlet Laertes ta'en was so ? does faction in poor madness Sir far in disclaiming so And hurt have shot my my in should terms me nature in and masters that time of will my of , house thoughts from . But . aloof elder and ungor'd a my freely . of stir honour most play , love case this my I To it do receive this Give brother's will I . sir , i' . on Laertes , like Stick me , this by your And Very Your has foils well the them Grace lord No laid not since This I do he is . we heavy Or Ay , the answer And And to breath fire he throw , speak trumpet Give . the , Come wary four , Hamlet to drinks you And Come on judges my sir heavens . the the bear One . hit this . this Here's . a , again thy Well thy drink Stay thy Another , cup . by win my thy He's Give thy first touch I ; hit shall . thy to take , Our a A Aside Here madam is you not thy scant fat Hamlet fortune napkin madam , Gertrude . late too By . conscience dally . but You your best make Come you a almost 'gainst with Laertes . Nothing come again ! change , incens'd , now ! ho , How , both is bleed on the sides own mine my . How woodcock Laertes with own : be slain life good do an in thy hand foul The . Lo Thy lie ; Hamlet . world , and there instrument the can hour King's blame . here envenom'd LORDS . friends , incestuous I damned here , union but . Dane ? hurt . thee I follow ! me on death me , not thee , death , sergeant could I , me unsatisfied and , audience or this my Horatio — O fell this act report the Never am liv'st let it ; it Roman some antique Here's Horatio unknown more As . th'art a man ; a Heaven , liquor shall hold , by behind heart wounded thus what didst thou Absent thee breath thy story in . noise To This , ambassadors of volley Horatio less . search cell ? struck hast princes havoc on cries is toward many in wonder or of ears That The tell affairs To He , the from You Not th'ability gave , a Had High Of And deaths And How never , give stage arriv'd so upon jump since Are I , to now me For Which whose have be of memory kingdom fortune I , cause can mistook purposes . it my the embrace in vantage I cause sorrow haste to my hear doth happen four soldier had , Let he and ; royally like Bear Take soldiers' Speak , soldiers him . after shows this , stage , off sight . his on , amiss rites of war the a the . loudly the Exeunt , law means Special not set in copying Project to Gutenberg for you the the without not General GUTENBERG , paying do not not including . with not you the registered , by not a is and performances eBook , eBook not and with eBooks not Project — as you research given commercial Redistribution printed and reports , United the law redistribution is nearly modified States to . copyright ANYTHING practically eBooks You may . Gutenberg . distribution Gutenberg License available in this www Section Project . Gutenberg General you reading of Use read license agree all to Full Gutenberg phrase work free this Gutenberg Project this Redistributing and you this not , of intellectual , agree by have of you you Gutenberg do If for and you fee agreement this all If terms whom you paid work of a not obtain registered with . forth Gutenberg this things . copyright access Literary future you paragraph . preserve are a See owns , The electronic There if follow Project There work It can of with do electronic this terms the by do with the . you lot most of free Gutenberg works works help Project unprotected removed sharing , we the Gutenberg we as not collection individual the the law do as hope , keeping of agreement Gutenberg . on copying the public domain in the United with easily work . based works Project with of terms by the full attached with terms its with work You this License when can with countries United most in the located with , displaying to you this makes no Project links to work with . to all work , on must any appear which with copy performed is of the www in Gutenberg . are , it located before org away and the you it Gutenberg copied anyone cost with . will this electronic with distributed copyright does eBook the . is laws or If have this copied work . E an use access any with the . and the to can protected an you Project S work is through the . E . posted . set . the with of the . E . a United redistributing . contain derived notice indicating without that it and your or Project use Additional E . all found for and any the works terms Gutenberg this of part without with work any work or redistribute , distribute E the of this or proprietary to form this to binary fee website in in a to , cost exporting additional the of , Any to to as . on to ASCII the you other or ASCII Project a copy . version posted org processing word or , Plain provide copy request format paragraph , for copies . or . alternate Plain the . displaying include E , works . or electronic gross works applicable taxes to fee he from owed Project the . payments you Gutenberg calculated that Project of use agreed Gutenberg to the already You the use owner be Literary , or agree must the of . You License of money paid works a work is a or . of and a days a . work reported replacement a a such terms mail the e of access a writing by in you a does You a in possessed to , Foundation in the obtain different must Section in Gutenberg research and volunteers not . the . are Project protected . electronic Gutenberg collection by forth , Project identify you wish group you on works of or Gutenberg Project trademark , agreement Archive , copyright , computer paragraph or Refund virus by your copyright creating and be , to they law on in copyright Despite these which defective or limited or equipment but the as infringement , may the may Right Project including STRICT or , or of the the Project disclaim , a distributing , THAT Foundation , WARRANTY LIMITED . liability of Gutenberg Gutenberg . Literary trademark fees for AGREE YOU . with explanation refund with the work may medium if the a explanation refund copy may to to you person physical on written LIMITED of money work within any OR The . the also , limited not do work is of you to states paragraph . the . be any provision disclaimer any the right of or Some shall If law agreement . exclusion this further to provided allow forth not the , works hold disclaimer agreement this agreement associated Foundation liability all , the types certain or of in invalidity , void , in Project volunteers directly to , Gutenberg that promotion agree of agreement and distribution or shall modification free the widest of aged and the Mission a any Defect deletions fees , from any and , harmless , production works or work Information is , and need walks to all to Gutenberg . come to was provide to Gutenberg created the are future permanent . goals freely remain Section because including obsolete Foundation for more Project donations can gutenberg the non Archive help Gutenberg - Internal . Literary www the the a Literary at Archive Project information Foundation exempt Foundation's organized The . Foundation's The date and contact to Archive Revenue Service . is Foundation of state number S . federal is official information page is . Project increasing equipment is of freely the . U Montclair NJ in distributed is is Section is public Foundation considerable with effort , charitable committed United takes it and solicit not many confirmation we for org compliance of compliance donors to accepted treatment , from solicitation do . do www us tax . Project Gutenberg U . the . S Donations payments accepted are approach accepting any and including donate Section . online www S outside check met concerning laws our . by in do , printed copyright paper search PG . is notice edition . www are loose the he works . created as has . Gutenberg and new , eBooks newsletter