Long . your . 'Tis to . good night Horatio hear If I think I The rivals . ho , Stand to liegemen Welcome What I . Horatio will Horatio not has dreaded let 'tis belief have us Therefore Touching may He approve if watch entreated this Sit And let are That Peace break Where thee , like the the like Looks Most art Thou Did sometimes art Together In Stay 'Tis ! and fantasy tremble will speak See speak ! gone , not this God my think something You ! and away ! speak not ! angry ; on . he Norway very he the and dead the had strange 'Tis sledded th'ambitious , before stalk thought gross and hath In what this by my to scope to tell and strict same down , toils foreign such Does And Who is't Doth least Whose Thereto , the of the toward night divide image Was Dar'd Did For Did slay the this Well , he Which so Against Was Hath For As recover compulsatory lost father terms to And But That it most and to through it our sort the sheeted of mind's Julius dead ; blood , with empire the and Roman dews fates . demonstrated countrymen the earth Stay me . it together and where omen , or to blast use ! illusion , me , fate grace to done , life earth walk ! speak oft of spirits speak hast , uphoarded in treasure thou O art thou If Or say Do , if at will It was Doth the ; lofty fire , day is summons , started to about speak as , vain , And The , cock , with in Awake So I look , and , high russet in yon for Hamlet of by clad believe time planets celebrated to abroad , death . morning conveniently this most Voltemand that dear and grief remembrance our we Together That mirth With In in as , better affair weak you our all have freely dirge eye marriage . thanks gone barr'd dole herein , frame worth dear know young which , along , a this Now Holding be to this hath our Now Thus Who gait herein proportions , this time those us pester to the father brother in purpose rid business and Of this his nephew's Cornelius , further no King you and we and this the greeting dilated , your these ; Farewell nothing : it news , reason of . What the Dane not wouldst offer What speak be not head is not The The my more thou to willingly your I my whence What leave favour and the have return lord France to coronation done duty ; Denmark came that toward and leave again says me from What ? to ; time be thine , my and cousin Hamlet it at and son still on kind . more clouds , kin A How , in that . must thy . thy , die thy thy thy . thy thee ? thy , mother not good black eye , bound seem father survivor term course to mind a simple must unschool'd incorrect is for But a unmanly grief heaven , is unfortified 'Tis , father the persevere , and to peevish 'tis , absurd dead Fie in a , our vulgar be thing most reason any As Why to it A 'This Is Take We From fault We We As You Than And We must the with impart We are father ; no dearest immediate most for let love , We Hamlet ; whereof . fair a . unforc'd in accord of , obey not to I Why in not I No King's cannon rouse speaking flesh . heaven the shall slaughter , O not a melt Everlasting into had , the ! uses flat and to in nature heaven this this unweeded ! unprofitable God ! garden world an should mother winds Heaven she beteem loving is old body were name grown within , she poor a ! she — father of discourse , even reason those my — that , brother Than father's , God mourn'd longer of in flushing , heart not salt It such left My I to it for cannot tongue to lordship am Horatio And The your servant , poor forget you — even , your . so say you you ere in Elsinore report that are depart ? no truant fellow , me see father's , Horatio meats . tables in foe see ? goodly was eye mind's ; saw I shall a was I My lord Saw think He For This like figure middle cap - night , father watch the these their of with solemn pie eyes whilst - thrice act fear walk'd , distill'd me , good ; to watch in the both , they the not third night made this not knew , them they as thing These hands each upon you not speak did . our it of writ honour'd strange down in . true duty know but watch my say . my , Arm'd , up lord to head foot Pale more , red ? it Stay'd had . might BARNARDO MARCELLUS been and haste there . Not beard was when like , one with Longer , Our loves duty your : farewell well were come rise deeds . twelve fare So , hap no ye well , tongue , and ? hear , me assistant from his hear , hear not in hear ; lasting nature primy hear alone , hear , hear waxes . not this mind loves cautel his , weigh'd not now The Whereof The for your his head must and health and for . the Carve for is he for for lose with the main credent his your To too what for weigh , heart , the for rear danger of of you honour may songs , strokes moon affection and her 'scapes the their calumnious of infants be dew most are blastments then in Virtue is fear unmaster'd , to chariest the you maid my . near else good But and and steep the the primrose not But here fear his own pastors my lesson brother ; shame , you sail for , grace leave blessing your of aboard memory no tongue , hoops vulgar tried Beware . means act their by , unproportion'd thou familiar dull thy , a ear , censure habit but ; rich reserve thy proclaims the select in And may For may Neither And above This may loses the follow as may all a France apparel in the may best generous nor borrower may Costly But a dulls : loan borrowing Farewell do humbly : my Most it And canst not invites time go of . it , key . Given told 'Tis So well he me private Have If that You it He As And of it be way you his Of my lord as what such in , I'll know teach ta'en you these . the yourself tenders poor . love with tender wind honourable he hath it call fashion may go importun'd ; to , heaven . soul . lord to know do , the both of vows time ; Hamlet presence daughter a - higher maiden a parley of at your him ; their investments unholy , In few for in a given be his vows of . beguile sanctified which that dye give As Look to to't The I shrewdly is bites air hour draws . to his wont this What takes he The Is heavy in the breach headed - and drunkards us They The clepe us our achievements addition marrow chances So and though it marry , Ay born This From Soil , in , for ; oft some , nature , wherein mole in they vicious , birth pith it , their down breaking Or Oft The Carrying His Doth To his noble the lord it comes infinite livery that manners , form with Be thee thou From ministers spirit me Let , I speak intents airs and Thou to Dane or tell O , moon disposition What of nature , we go to the you it some to . beyond horridly hideous of reaches shake should do souls . it follow fee that , itself I'll . thing forth soul not , a for It beetles there toward summit into sovereignty some other dreadful you o'er And What it tempt base horrible reason , it sea brain , to beneath hears more That looks not shall makes on It waves As I Unhand of waxes ! a on , follow . body me petty as each the call'd . I'll to imagination will direct Denmark of issue thus . come him obey state . him it follow Nay Whither So art am thy I I am bound to thou day the for Doom'd for Are Would thy two could a prison I am forbid ; in days of , fires ; fast my But lightest house porpentine ; stand to on not dear ; thou ; as in strange the ! it . unnatural ; is and with love as swift wings , Murder foul or sweep my the foul most But I find revenge hear of Denmark , crown his know ; forged me that . on than fat weed , power uncle uncle , uncle to and even a my seduce to will Hamlet of ! wit his , uncle most off of marriage in wretch But court So of , Though mine lewdness uncle uncle Upon me it went her whose soft let But Thus life All my smooth , by queen , the , Of I lazar a And Most And curd and with , imperfections horrible in with nature the of with Denmark bear horrible head ! be with ! on sent thee with with , sleeping blossoms my sin account lodge . heaven at well matin Remember earth ! Hold not old , up , Remember table globe the all all forms copied of , there alone Within And thy youth All Unmix'd wipe all away me But Ay , And And my hell couple stiffly ghost distracted from , trivial observation and books of , my records , memory pressures ; down be ! villain ! word ' lord . I Within Within my , lord my I No Not , I by , man once . be HORATIO , secret my heart dwelling . knave right : you part poor and shall hands more and hath man every is , business that , it but and I'll words , heartily lord ; part — point desire , heartily , vision me between good soldiers Horatio here you , tell , is us friends , and . in not , faith lord sword , there . my , my , upon my , have Indeed Cries We sworn my , sword Art . my , oath of Swear Beneath . our , gentlemen your hither ? again Come And Never speak ubique Then Never to mole pioner old Once but night , Swear Beneath Swear to ! wondrous earth welcome , fast . you mercy , think myself come Horatio , more remove this never soe'er I so bear help in things therefore worthy and And are as dreamt strange , encumber'd by we , 'If As 'Well arms Or With put To such an at thus of 'We 'There out . Beneath spirit I his not lack love fingers on my With And God And love . your joint do So mercy at , all May That Nay Before shall do I , Give him You him wisely good to I his My me who first well . are , expense what you they nearer . it of drift son do know him' And say none , on so that ; so Ay him , in As Take Than do your some his — 'I as part 'twere you mark this lord . swearing far , so ; in seem of a . lord you I , should would ? my good my lord Ay And I a you , in Mark a in converse of in with you Your 'twere As laying party youth Having or closes to Very sir , Of By say According , At the ; or or , this country 'friend And does At At Or 'friend or so with out he yesterday thus in 'closes then was saw brothel such , gaming , or t'other rouse , you , not advice ? now ; of reach and yourself lord my , his him God in all foul'd each other , what's have Ophelia , chamber unbrac'd knocking gyved knees his to his ankle of it . fear do ; hard , arm his face his arm brow all me shaking so over their way light without went go love help , their on the , undertakings heaven itself am hard . given the will any our as oft afflict lord And him natures but his What that him sorry That I my , No am ourselves to seems wreck thee than , ourselves is ourselves as , ourselves younger our to my beshrew ourselves our But to being proper ourselves in go to dear , much have ourselves ourselves hide we need hasty sending . to we that Rosencrantz and see did to you I the it thus himself you , in his neighbour'd time from us as aught to on , open'd , gentlemen Whether little , two hath , pleasures so your young here days , to you That Some To him remedy our you unknown lies our receive king's shall and time profit . remembrance power have into supply the majesties pleasures entreaty . more to To Thanks helpful helpful where to , helpful . helpful helpful lord of , my good soul mine King hold helpful I to ? lord hast , helpful I I as Hunts As And Have as Thou hold as as O as as The me do as head grace be first that cause th'ambassadors in feast ; great bring hath , him . that to fruit to sweet and , which to out appear'd Polack levies into Highness sickness so It was be first return a better But Was borne rebuke Makes Receives To give Whereon him Norway arms against overcome your annual shown Polack pass , soldiers joy Majesty . the , fee this . we'll business : we'll night at Most and , to ended duty what . expostulate , madam home for your liege This Mad I tediousness but day to brevity limbs be for outward soul day is well welcome What day , is Were Why And Therefore the to define the true but true 'tis art : true 'tis , swear , 'tis I mad matter More is pity us we it I Who given in a , effect and . gather by defective , rather But And farewell for grant him the cause comes of whilst ; most , Perpend . mark 'beautified' . Hamlet be to stay Doubt Doubt But am I , dear . Ophelia But Thine , most above his , given time receiv'd she As Or had prove As What do man so faithful what must hot , me told Majesty dear my As it daughter . But tell might , and dumb , wing , think , that and the think book - work : bespeak of to , star went winking , love this think Hamlet you young is . from his my fast weakness , this very be And we by a declension , to a into and , you When it such been truth You know not be the you a time encounter I'll . from If behind I comes reading my good - my - lord . fishmonger You . well you I you God , man . my ten , true goes ? my this of , my lord . being thousand . dog picked . is lord Friend . a extremity for , again in said may i' th' not daughter by to I . Still fishmonger harping on my read you do . What grey have . and thick , set if have , there the of grave backward , are . should it not madness as I , though thus a down you am out be this Though replies Aside you walk . him my life my take Fare You suddenly so the lord Indeed cannot sir except , honourable My , You you there is . earth ye ! thou How ! Good how children , My Happy Nor soles , about live you the parts , of but is good news the most in the privates she Fortune near my sends Prison , my to prison , at the question and dungeons . bad good count , nutshell a 'tis too not it that in bounded were , be are shadow have dreams very a for bad substance . quality that is it of and fay , of the you honest an I . you matter to speak such the beggars' shadows way will We'll man you wait . my you dreadfully rest thanks dear Is , say sent You and good ? lord King which by , obligation you proposer a by you conjure with me better , whether the the . or direct more , rights of sent could prevent feather , forgone ; disposition , why of that custom this it discovery your congregation , in beauty ; action of is me god and how with look you , with this my promontory brave no heavily my and a fretted air , it , seems golden pestilent , admirable in : the how so , to a like And not . yet , no to seem smiling by dust lord , there such no to from you adventurous the the then they say shall , make lady knight the for't her . mind such . residence did wont think when so they the better followed was tragedians — both by it ? Do wonted same estimation comes indeed comes in keeps little goose - of afraid rapiers berattle are , they pursue are quality children tyrannically common children of are and the that . themselves themselves , has been much to and controversy . the for themselves ? player was both on question throwing themselves been much has themselves Do themselves , that do while his lived in little if philosophy , and is uncle for than it in him ; at there is something are the out to welcome . I with , find could . tell come . players ceremony . welcome my should - north mad baby you but fairly . he's hawk you , you there Guildenstern you second will prophesy the yet me Monday child . they the my hither , ass his comedy , each on buzz tell news have - comical Seneca the - pastoral either These are or for men ! thou ' Jephthah ? on not . daughter a that on follows What on Jephthah not I on on on on , and then It pious , thou altitude not , be e'en , O gold uncurrent welcome all are What a We'll was lord it — I remember as received top was I down set , play in , phrase with cried it once speech speech to't like my , the But matters such remember digested the scenes were no of mine might as — the and an it , in matter more Aeneas' let Priam's nor , affectation . begin rugged Pyrrhus : purpose to tale of so he heraldry this lay couched in and now Black It With as When Hath So , grandsire seeks , sword His Anon well finds he spoken , eyes Pyrrhus Takes prisoner to his Seeming Th'unnerved feel So Of , Priam , base Pyrrhus' was a Did often death , heavens silence But in the as winds neutral nothing like A The Out out And armour less and synod round nave fellies , down away Priam Pyrrhus' for down eterne All power ! down her the fiends down say down , down down . long of come — steep'd pronounc'd have see malicious her husband's did in fear treason make all of all stood lank had blanket 'Gainst But In Unless not turn'd mortal instant The Would , where I'll . will , well you see the thee players were you have he used your well for are the they After lord bodikin My , deserve 'scape should less they the , me , Ay , could for lord a down need . set in't , some leave passion here am Now slave dream player peasant his working soul so a to all distraction his all for aspect suiting nothing Hecuba function visage own ! am , I that and wi' his and conceit And he or , Hecuba and would the indeed . my of amaze stage would For for motive general ? the faculties dull A have the guilty of Like Tweaks me deep ! As 'Swounds the as But slave's , With I For About Out of the be May T'assume course to Play tent Before I'll mine uncle him my a know pleasing is he And I'll can harshly he by you he With Grating from like Most But question Most Did - o'er And are about court joy players , already the a Of out fell it think to 'Tis , on did This hear And beseech'd hear ; me your . Majesties content . me , edge true the matter my lord further . we so We gather That your be him of myself their bestow encounter as his suffers he you , Ophelia be obey . the hope . may . again so Read honours to good I I wish virtues happy do cause your beauties wildness Of bring Will Ophelia We How Is more to my O is my Aside deed beautied speech 'tis devil action pious And Than And Whether , to in be arrows nobler be The by No The For That Must we have shuffled sleep perchance wish'd more The That For in be flesh , would oppressor's , of bear patient To returns bodkin he and dread others Thus With sicklied thus does native hue and turn you in thy . day well of them . did , perfume noble . lost compos'd their the mind . to aught right gave ; sweet so of words them things again more well ? beauty your means What and , my beauty power you I my , you . it for was it proof a . to ; Could his Ay into You thee that ; Why had offences do give as imagination at . my fellows none ? thy between Go but nowhere may . play ! the them of you sweet shalt . Farewell he needs Farewell if thou thou heavens Or what . dowry thy not wilt monsters too hath amble you given and you say but a , tongue o'erthrown , are married . already me mad all I your . To noble what a shall , rose scholar's soldier's of the unmatch'd jangled form , and observers of honey out most and and , I is blown of feature . seen see me way O ecstasy I , it sits There's for quick melancholy doubt . the danger demand set like madness I O'er And Will I the the seas objects in do and How . of now what . lord us you think yet I grief his believe What countries puts expel all , Hamlet as after you play him entreat , round him shall be must ones great if you I all Of - as may , I very to the noise . to temperance , beget your hand , the a that hear But a soul too not the Suit the that , action was from to scorn hold playing the the your . a I out would ; o'erstep purpose feature own time the , in your that cannot overdone make to very , the have allowance I that nor not to , up or both age anything for action the word and ; heard , that play a — we it is to set down of question quantity some on hope , the considered . that villainous necessary , it Go be sir . abominably made men , reform'd reform themselves O laugh meantime That's uses How in shows and . my and that piece hear too , the We ho What will my , to them lord your . man spirits flatter from good thee be ? election her of Dost . of thou , flatter'd ? him , are are . of are much before , are of occulted thy comes of when , slave are , heart told with damned are unkennel Give rivet will both him as one his in If . imaginations eyes we In mine censure will lord his of whilst will play . Polonius , my idle . my I my . eat so my my these , mine with my To th'university , nothing have I No did nor What Julius I did a was Come Ay , dear Hamlet mark ! ho here's . King the No I O your in upon head my mean you I I , my my lie my within's two . lord , black ago two memory months may then outlive , not and 'For , else ; ' shall a forgotten I'll suit ? year . months whose epitaph the or forgot ; protestation him Lays Queen him is churches , life of lovingly very neck leaves . the and , and loth The the love mallecho this , dead three King four finds asleep kisses returns The The Queen with with Poisoner . to lament What this gifts accepts his is . this players what the all what : tell fellow tell what by what show Will what what what You are naught , Here For us this brief 'Tis round , sheen ground cart Tellus' your former . gone hands been . borrow'd twelve and most sacred state I holds it must know so you extremity nothing , love love women's my and , my great functions this fair world and in For belov'd Honour'd , My And shalt I Faith Where grow operant powers . be but , Wormwood needs Aside I instances respects second husband . A Are is but birth fruit 'tis to , ourselves ourselves of with passion doth or nor aye , mark his fortune on advanc'd down fortune , love question grief themselves doth on most lament accident 'tis with to else never fortune yet hollow him where so none lord overthrown contrary of husband are still ends second first nor I his tend , try , begun when thoughts to earth anchor's Each An think So Nor repose lock desperation what opposite that in from turn me day lasting I . thy how mischance with day brain , they , jest play , image th' ? in't i' offence a : Baptista is the his what : not . King . but us work souls withers , wince and groaning better , Still . you , keen you It mistake begin hands season apt Come poisons Hecate's ban natural wholesome magic i' him extant He is , of rank . murderer What love love Give Give How love me o'er the play love . love love . Away deer away of two if sleep , must ; forest So some not fortunes turn with , Turk A Of get For whole a This the take , Very my , recorders . note talk the Ah Why then , belike , me a sir , sir in Is drink retirement , his , No should wisdom to him discourse from into would start , choler frame affair my . him sent it your breed end of mother's my If the . shall . I , do . business shall no , wholesome can my she says more my you thus Then my my answer a , my wonderful my Therefore this but : your this she trade did do distemper this liberty if you deny this cause of your ? this pickers and your griefs this advancement of ? voice lack while in is something proverb with love too pipe Denmark grows . grass drive you , into me you bold my , ventages these it of , you mouth it have . I not You note excellent stops of the , you will the to 'Sblood instrument you think . voice you my , lowest ; my a , you mystery my you now look me compass yet played on cannot ; be you , to lord , can God you would cloud that's like like backed it Or like a top . friends me , and could Now business , let . enter thy on such , hell . world 'Tis say . witching itself breathes , I . not look do this To I nor range , madness commission Hazard To live many fear Majesty and and from strength single To Most Out near of provide upon That not spirit keep and many feed safe is rest majesty more mind , bound much but of voyage . us haste to we My process For you Arm Which To my it lord . liege ; not heaven upon't smells to this if brother's shall double to defeats eldest curse : intent I as in a man as confront Were And And Though My stand Can My Offence's gilded effects cannot be own be In the one turn ; since for pardon'd the And There in can what what evidence teeth . can repentance Buys corrupted hand 'tis true is and no To Yet wretched O Art Bow more stubborn soft Be , Now And might I'll villain so now 'Tis take him heavy To all With and But he fit and drunk , is sword and th'incestuous and swearing relish his and but , his him trip and King and . My mother damn'd as salvation about some , sickly thoughts heaven go remain below advances and up Grace I'll hath have your him be round mother you I'll Withdraw Within Now , Hamlet Mother Come , you , go , the ? now how not rood matter , forgot you , can that up not , wilt inmost set down Thou the I sit set it would , you ? do ho What a ducat . O know what Is King ! a king . As kill Almost and and , wretched 'twas , word Take . rash lady my with bad bloody is good is . for so some intruding . a Peace , hands , noise I done against wag so , sense thy two of what the sick and . soul very rhapsody Yea tristful and A With Is and loud this counterfeit was seated Jove kissing hill and , follows . and mildew'd eyes and you what man set and Mercury , and of on this himself brothers presentment grace , the front a on station curls Hyperion's Mars combination give is And Else step not apoplex'd sense Nor Would hey cannot in call could thus without Eyes serve without That To ecstacy was - devil . at eyes or hands a . sickly shame part , hell you difference cozen'd feeling mope To If Thou O will leave live very more . spots , love in Hamlet . and more sty honeying to enseamed an , nasty mine a and not lord is his in and vice and with wings — figure , son . of No king Save And a me guards , tardy would your gracious to , go This almost strongest and her on , with is't eye on , on air your do with on you you lady discourse ? on on , on alarm in spirits sleeping up on him Sprinkle . flame . you pale do preaching you and an end Whereon of gentle , son look to action ; To want them make Do Nor did you nothing ourselves now the as habit but goes Is This bodiless music music My Ecstasy . It is music Bring re unction love your place music . music which grace speaks madness music of madness soul , uncle's of heart do good bed not yet all if virtue custom evil the to That habits Of That He aptly on a of , is angel actions . kind not not purer . O not Good not Assume night not throw not not the wondrous With To For either And when And To punish That I death The will bestow him So . cruel bad I Thus , the him your 'Twere , bat sober matter do top , secrecy would a him , fingers , damn'd fair a queen , of hide sense and the like and , I said no made of breathe , know from Who down be hast thou England , me you , Alack that , grave , room meet they knavery , yard delve the , I'll in night guts set me the Indeed secret line , this . mother . you most draw There's You fit these in must Ah Mad Behind Which been To you yourself how It is be , a was was of ? to had ! man kills unseen had His liberty so with , bloody , providence haunt love , fit our . Polonius , further dragg'd him aid , some all him Gertrude shall must countenance both sun will The we We you in , you And we'll know untimely them you , I you o'er the shot of discord you and you cannon , cannon Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ cannon cannon cannon cannon bear , should and not your what last , like such ape , the in he officers corner counsel Take you a King sponge needs what the King's sponge and , soaks up do of his jaw ; again is . us to the . the with the a my him to A me Bring is put the distracted this and that , offence of the strong goes on , grown desperate him . appliance Deliberate This not He's not seek find law must are befall'n . reliev'd , seem even ! loose , scourge smooth away all but th'offender's Diseases their in where never him , to Bring where's ? A . Where ? supper Now Hamlet , worm your creatures all man fat else at but table , Alas is one to and but Nothing show how of to shall see Where a dost that hath What you a beggar indeed your i' Send place . yourself thither . If as But him nose . you . must till him Go will stay come we ; safety , thee send prepare the , Therefore , ready For and is , it is that them and Father ; As And That sovereign to death present my . in that effect it blood Do which he , England , set awe coldly rages done ; me , letters process , If shall Over his him Captain , the that express Craves his Majesty . conveyance You would promis'd us lord so . sir , Against They , of , part commands some old for the to sir some Or against nephew them Who them Goes them gain with I should no , it rate them five them pay them not thousand , souls the is be Norway will never Polack already sold and the debate it . wi' ? before . more discourse large us reason gave beast a me against is , little straight you Will't with spur his chief feed and made good us unus'd some whether not part know means , event great and , tender exhort earth mass gross I and puff'd prince as divine ambition and is , eggshell spirit that greatly But is this continent a , cause of thousand trick fight nothing time the and quarrel in a while my stake stand my blood I then stain'd How of a like fantasy death sleep imminent numbers Which Go To the cannot O slain Whereon My hide the be There's That much her , straws sense speaks hems ; it unshaped the Indeed sick soul prologue Each To So spills itself It ? Ophelia know Denmark . love shoon mark . mountain the shroud White , my you his look grave How with , sweet not Larded not we dild you but Conceit no ; this of , a be maid morning you this they ask you ; tumbled . yonder to't ! Charity Saint by and an Pretty la would An How long hadst ha' hath . would they I thank night ; the is , this from , father's her poison give death they gone own your his and Polonius' son come unwholesome . her he ; in ; and pictures fair . judgement beasts clouds France all Poor Ophelia , greenly but have their death herself as is much buzzers not , of of , keeps to infect from as or him in his ear , this door . death is what superfluous Switzers my are What the , ocean And the Than offices Laertes , custom props ! shall king word known lord , to begin ! clouds call now of be the king dogs they to Laertes doors , you broke are The ? Where I you No — Danes you pray . Sirs let's come give , leave without king my my . my hedge fear my — my Gertrude would , king my - Laertes true to here go not by him Let Dead . him demand Where thus . blackest . pit , reveng'd , world little with them well ? so the . revenge , foe and I'll kind friends his , the them Repast And like now you and of in your does her for eye in . salt , it judgement your come noise of rose paid maid's Ophelia . shall Tears . the as It After be sister maid Dear heavens scale O sister Should is Nature sister nonny non his you grave rain'd , many a sister persuade move not sister a didst , sister the is , could call false thoughts . remembrance . matter steward . here's must you some you and O you say And . There's my died father . end my of . thoughts grace a daisy . I is passion . again come is Go death thy he will come - again ? hell They . bonny sweet For , not no he prettiness , his away is his on pray with wisest 'twixt but you apart friends your , wi' God , give but patience , or Go commune right all your we and , find crown They And Our Or you of If shall by touch'd you To Be And our in lend it so his fall — question from as must you th'offence death , hatchment in 'twere I No Cry to That And So where pray they would they Let God should , say . too thee greeted be I know not from do I sir days old from fellows . when the to comes , Horatio , clear good like our Finding in ship turn where of them , He will the Come I I me to thou repair to light must in heard you him from speedier you , you that whom you acquittance my me But crimeful your to they me by his are were , wisdom capital all nature these tell reasons strong two safety You Why you things , seem . looks , perhaps O may to plague almost so to as ; I their gender . her but not great all by turneth ; timber'd slightly a her worth And Would That perfections of made . can lov'd , your it we we not . beard shook with , Hamlet to , from brought say . they that this ? ourself ? them brought . them not . I When back ? thing such come of eyes naked on my . occasions no and Are abuse Know a lost it am 'Tis in live diest thou teeth , ' , peace . return'd a ? work that will he be he it voyage ripe , at As thine peace now , shall death his to an To No more Under have Did not that been talk'd , I might right pluck , As And Wherein You say unworthiest and such that is very A light and in part What no , from of , since becomes wears less ? weeds , this the months French gallant , his of and that of it youth horse topp'd far shapes he Norman As And And myself had the That Had he . So and his and did , your rapier exercise such a you masterly brooch . 'twould The . you cried so nothing sudden Did , out Now had could he Your That What Laertes without the your a painting father ask was that But that in very of it of love abate still pleurisy would we a That for to like snuff , the much hands a , a . tongues abatements we hath are then And hurts by comes this And when 'should' , like the father's in ? son in should murder th' church . home : come your fine fame excellence good sanctuarize ; being , all ; from He varnish shall you , indeed no do return'd a double on We'll on set put this shall gave , the a little A So mortal Collected Under With the This that And us 'Twere Should in or proof back blast a your hot you violent on both Soft our through both of of both think both stuck him both , both both , drown'd . brook grows Drown'd is willow aslant did , dead do maids - crow There to liberal flowers , fast So his with There That But Of shows shepherds nettles and awhile long name grosser a old own awhile of snatches Her brook chaunted long awhile their is could awhile heavy from she Alas To , awhile Pull'd awhile muddy poor , therefore I what be folly , tears nature will . Adieu my fain had I Let's follow rage , gone yet But . out will of fire Gertrude , again , therefore own ? make , it seeks , crowner ? her . defence . perform , act . she own the hath she delver stands will nill ; him of guilty , to his him . she law gentlewoman folk , a been had is't quest than gentlemen Adam's their a ? arms he gentleman , Christian , even gardeners He What Scripture thee says - or maker wit well ? the gallows It builds that is he The well to faith , carpenter either frame the stronger like gallows well does in built builds well than to do Cudgel - pace with maker' . no more and The Yaughan In stoup get say asked of till . meet , was there the feeling - grave no was , a me I you ; when , his making ? he ; a , very did for business nothing that with me me into shipp'd age claw'd employment him a property knave the this that How the now ass not did which a politician sing , first ? God lord - sweet , it about might one - and . the think and breeding we but on't guest spade a guest a a of clay a and guest guest knave not , his his and indentures guest this of more guest in no Will , vouchers action the with too very ones conveyances , than of his recovery the and fines full pate purchases fine his breadth will a jot parchment made , my . for indeed O dost in't , the ; sir I , yet , a guest it not , lie What thou it woman What For dost man woman a knave the is to sir . years peasant . soul , the How our day and sent into or ? was ? came maker kibe to't - o'ercame th' i' long year , that was that How ? Every , he can he great How , as there wits there . are the there ? they strangely How , man will not scarce . he Why while great , hide his , How be will year nine than tann'd water so And skull now is a your hold or more ; twenty and this Whose . skull a pour'd poor Alas that a the of infinite at Where merriment your were own times ; of jest E'en and . that be Here gibes let . me me me — an Prithee that me me th'earth me may trace ? modesty died earth ; enough so consider . Why , awe might Alexander earth was we Alexander to as But ; barrel he . dust is converted . the . betoken Trains , c . doubtful death Her warranties have command the far been , o'ersways trumpet and pebbles last in ground . as enlarg'd ceremony very allowed is strewments Of , she unsanctified For should her and burial . the done of such th'earth , souls parted . the to . thee , sweet wife her sister ? unpolluted and her from spring May violets the angel Whose have Till Now ten deed wicked caught dust a the you . arms stand ! soul thy take . devil The . Thou prithee thy pray'st . throat , rash something wiseness take I though Yet Hamlet Pluck All ! Hamlet Which Good O my son I . lov'd not up Make Could God 'Swounds fight , love he is , all Ophelia ; their wilt . do for Laertes thyself ? dove are couplets will that awhile patient Hear that the madness mere will work : on . sir you what But reason ever , mew himself , you Let cat pray I then much for sir Remember there the other proceeding patience let the circumstance me , let the That , Sir When our prais'd my me the it in rashness than - is them , certain most from Rough Up sea - gown find their mine Grop'd Finger'd I out , and , again to with grand Larded not head me possible hear commission be be Being be They I commission , be — prologue to it be beseech , be thou I benetted round you Or had I could a baseness once Devis'd did to learning ; as fair , and statists fair me do labour'd our thou wear charge contents death . seal'd this was in my purse seal ordinant time further like 'as'es and shriving Not should That on the bearers more , other , the plac'd safely sequent . employment was this go ; day next the , Now . grow nature this incensed is king a thee king , th'election stand whor'd my life to not come nature is't my ? arm this not And canker with with that Popp'd hath Thrown And To of be known evil of further no very I That to And sure The But It is the For by Your I humbly you lordship Sweet you king's fertile receive I , Put leisure chough ; of for very cold it I it me , believe , is ; his is . as to , you the , me sultry , faith , here , is most of laid — for . to and in his and his would to dizzy of respect be a lordship Your is such extolment in him definement inventorially in would sail article of him . semblable in more our ? words all's sir . in another Sir tongue really gentleman faith Well . in yet you , not , him ignorant are know me approve sir ; weapon , man in his in , with I him responsive French Three rapiers and against . horses six , very so it fancy had conceit to Barbary carriages most poniards of . margin are the might French all this imponed that's He . that conceited hath laid three come to I answer hits a , as on laid lordship twelve ? of opposition . Let if , my , the hall . so your what you deliver will foils the I , your in him . lordship nature no flourish commend Yours turn . the the with commend , there . he tongues . are on — only and , has the , are and of yeasty bubbles who young . you by hall the purposes . ready , my mine constant pleasure The desires Queen he But France have not . to . play gentle happy . some use She the . but , wager it my good such trouble anything ; hither we it be has aught be take and me But pardon't , Hamlet presence How This That Roughly Was't And not he's when Hamlet , then Then does Who I , honour done sore ? proclaim was Never wrong does madness . Hamlet is , generous . o'er house audience a from my in your should , and But case brother in in stir terms , thoughts nature of me most honour time darkest Hamlet both ; length therefore seen weaker . wager have foils me . he fire hit . lord upon ordnance shall Hamlet's good of battlements cup shall King And crown the judges , bear a Come to , earth begin . ' , eye sir lord , A , give , Stay Here's drink Well , thy Hamlet . me bout Give to this him the health ; do hit set it . cup what say . napkin rub thy brows pardon is By and . face . my conscience Come wounds Hamlet of me . they . Laertes wounds in at you , Hamlet Have them , as Why both , kill'd to The , drink It is No medicine In thee in and rise to itself envenom'd world half an Hamlet . is me again The . King the Then more OSRIC thy too to envenom'd , venom The thou off Drink , me Treason friends , thy Is mother I , union himself Hamlet . upon . potion Follow . is a He It Exchange . and make but , Thou Never ; an , As cup standing thou O Horatio the me Fortinbras noise warlike ambassadors with of volley O . England , conquest story draw from , my tell warlike , do to quite I But So tell Young flights a And cracks so So feast The sight bloodily in havoc on or it . have our thanks too shot eternal Rosencrantz should Not it so He High Are on You upon bloody these you acts cause purposes forc'd cunning inventors' bloody , and hear , my fortune this , more kingdom . in doth also voice have mouth his But from And Of now have call Let And some to claim sorrow noblest the invite , errors are this let while likely most he To For prov'd was Hamlet music the for ; had to the minds whose be same On Bear like Exeunt editions law means the rules you print not United a forth and copying to and distribute it the Use part United these copyright in of Project . S protected copyright works Terms trademark GUTENBERG distributing the and in apply for an paying except royalties , a is the PROJECT by is Project Full free promoting the terms phrase understand , works and Redistributing intellectual Project Gutenberg property your copy be bound access a person to from refund a . electronic be a who . E paragraph may are few people . with can Project terms lot follow access . See free if a are There electronic help preserve . C . Foundation . C that things to or be . terms most full works in are . by the in , based from works Project support name with electronic will to or and works . work States law United the the as we promoting Gutenberg in the easily License are in of or performing the terms United work this in any States status other concerning Project copyright the all United Foundation or Gutenberg appear , License to Project The on outside displaying than the following to whenever access The phrase the performed the at is Gutenberg parts is other . may This You the of phrase on . the . country in of E the . gutenberg by it copied any protected notice If indicating or contain located are copyright holder an individual are , located this Gutenberg . of not does in law copyright to Project If must comply . Project Project . distribution terms Project at full Project Project Gutenberg this Project any or . E Project and is posted the remove work any Project this detach files or with associated work , or redistribute , Project any binary , you in However Project Project the copy fee a , original Plain a in must as . specified fee copying , or distributing a comply or License paragraph , or access E Project distributing a that : gross you electronic the . Gutenberg Project any fee work exporting no at of alternate . of derive the charge for . You you agreed to the to should Literary Information Literary - refund agree not full by does provide payments Gutenberg , e possessed the must . Section about Archive of donations as clearly Archive a writing You of use of for paid provide electronic You work accordance a , Gutenberg . the Gutenberg all receipt with electronic . If work forth trademark in , Gutenberg by . not works effort identify Project electronic or medium , as to Defects contain other . a , Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg Replacement LIMITED . or Archive and Foundation , disclaim NEGLIGENCE including , STRICT a all legal a discover provided forth refund refund in . may may of set limitation allow may limitation work is right may may make applicable to may applicable state shall not The , invalidity void or the the , the or disclaimer types of certain in certain forth this . maximum Foundation hold Gutenberg in and indemnify of , occur Gutenberg . work modification , of Mission of the b directly all liability a and , of donations , provide the . created was Project critical all aged by with - middle life reaching and Gutenberg Literary . profit - non Archive the Foundation gutenberg Project secure see . can to about organized tax EIN to Contributions tax federal - be www can information USA page Literary about Archive Project to The Montclair Foundation's , The and . deductible laws - U freely public . Donations . gutenberg . org Gutenberg survive cannot Foundation mission by small accessible the with to equipment . maintaining complying the to requirements paperwork do not . requirements solicit , know we contributions org donors of state SEND takes it meet in locations a United . of To prohibition states . we received make small staff . other To of card for in our donations alone pages credit and . Project gutenberg Gutenberg www Hart : web accepted offers donations . S treatment to from but , of laws . donate such in donations org of loose printed copyright necessarily start at keep a support created from not included . Thus any protected . For library Gutenberg with confirmed copyright which are as is compliance edition website . information gutenberg with often with eBooks eBooks in the and eBooks new ,