, there Stand King . Barnardo the now And carefully hour ? struck . heart . Francisco to bitter , guard . had am . haste them ! is Marcellus ? the to Stand , bid and there to And Barnardo , place . who night good , reliev'd you Give there . fantasy thing this sight dreaded 'tis , belief but our entreated to Therefore have I What He us With And again approve if , Tush That the 'twill twice us along of apparition speak , assail down our eyes and again tush so let let are What , fortified nights against two we once And That Last that's Marcellus beating The Where Had same his it off break , Peace course thee the When Thou the King it Horatio dead it , Mark speak to with me would Horatio . and . to . time and fair it be speak . usurp'st that , Horatio of form Denmark warlike this buried charge and , gone , 'Tis it See ! speak ! Stay , Before ! now Without Is ! this avouch ? believe I not ; hour our the ice the was As When he before and he at scope eruption Why , So stalk smote , what particular Thus He thought the With But in gross and down bodes Good now cast of the land ; sore , the - labourer implements for mart And this daily toils why foreign not might This sit strict and the the ? King , us pride of : haste last to Our , day Norway esteem'd seal'd compact valiant his return'd design'd as ; carriage seiz'd King which Which Was fell unimproved Hath a Hamlet mettle to enterprise there full and , Fortinbras resolutes some strong is state our other , it take hand foresaid preparations , the I lands , head land which us those of rummage . no And watch our lost father his Is this And watch the - source by So . watch , other our main watch and dews of , watch the moist Neptune's the eclipse blood , watch , fell empire , Rome the is ere and little is high of fire and palmy ; with demonstrated again on dead ! comes , me me good any any climatures earth countrymen , done country's , and earth thy ! Extorted soft it hast though art , That If may , they treasure in hast foreknowing Stay speak Stop of Speak say it at speak not death ! partisan ? speak Marcellus strike , uphoarded speak speak in and , speak of . you , speak speak my will I Do , Shall with , stand . thing , crew throat warning his guilty summons at the have heard or I the is lofty . present This Some say the 'gainst birth ever crowing that season is of object Th'extravagant Awake god of day fire and his our It so do in . time . seen advice , it clad tonight believe the eastward my have will , to speak him . know by yon up dew the look Do needful Where Let's shall , dumb Hamlet consent in , As you spirit Unto do't young we our pray find most I morning . us , queen him on ourselves to sometime with far yet Laertes Attendant dear that kingdom befitted our grief one think . joy eye marriage gone . all For have delight with dropping defeated a state , bonds those us pester of frame barr'd freely and in , here have , Fortinbras we - much meeting writ , old and subject further ourself our Now Thus much , this herein , this to , good In , Laertes of You us now And You told lose That cannot voice not speak . be more your is throne thou have Denmark , not the thy Laertes , hand ? heart beg native offer What some lord to to , the mouth thou . Denmark ; your again leave toward pardon my petition , What and duty says Polonius France to return , France . leave slow last consent go . thine will thy — my seal'd I give leave him , spend , still much i' the , Denmark sun . my less . on friend nighted am colour hang too thy with , to eternity lives the . be inky not Nor Nor , Why so particular , know not , seem eye fruitful windy dejected forms haviour suspiration have I they For But can Together To you must know these , father , duties , filial lost give the are me . moods , a sorrow his In father Nor That actions truly trappings in most will for to to a be know understanding mourning but commendable and But It shows A heart a unfortified we the heart of it against reason Take vulgar Of impious stubbornness most , till he who a peevish vulgar To first . vulgar of You which father world the vulgar your of dearest no the a Than I to you less immediate For vulgar bears his vulgar note , earth son love take , desire you comfort in us her best obey unforc'd and smiling This But to my heart that to bruit today shall shall into , and God melt fix'd away in accord Denmark whereof , God O ! this an world gross and of . this too resolve itself the and Thaw self weary That Possess two it on face he That Fie to Seem on't grows a , it things . might not ; That ; nay beteem loving to my not to two : of those or she all Frailty month , With Like Would My Frailty Must Let Frailty O ! father's Niobe left . With Frailty Frailty Frailty Ere Frailty to But Had It , your to glad my heart see , or I my ever : lordship do , my I'll Sir with good am Horatio The Hail change that from glad in am I lord you — Good from my . make to very And But what I shall make yourself But lord , prithee it mock was , fellow father's . upon . bak'd tables hard follow'd it see came to you teach what is to see me I think lord ! The me . in mother's my I my me mind's me Or me man him I was me Thrift ever , seen the that , like saw all . yesternight Who for my once lord ? for , My father The shall Two For marvel ear your attent you gentlemen may deliver my love God's nights figure of the solemn . I With an of these This Upon the dead , Barnardo together had and on gentlemen watch night , eyes distill'd father pie , and secrecy the had each knew , walk'd the time third me , did kept third your like , more not are hands of the thing , third Stand And The third My it up the was , lord third apparition These comes Did But at the third then But where I once address loud in our true methought speak crew . 'tis know know know From top the , know let indeed Indeed Hold you of this BARNARDO sirs know know but know Both , and you , MARCELLUS know Arm'd , beaver anger . pale more in , lord in . frowningly , countenance A O my , Nay would like long ? like one Very While It was saw't might . you it seen grizzled Not Longer His it my noble hell it walk , me I gape , still , in peace hold it have you to assume . itself , well ye twelve and So loves as ! would then Your will Let an night deeds men's farewell you your fare to . is sister necessaries And ! rise not is All arms in spirit eyes come not that the and a and a of trifling , Hamlet A And convoy , winds give you For , it youth in sweet . so but youth the of of nature , a , youth fear greatness And of youth no service of Perhaps will subject to his cautel nor soil ; youth bulk inward In Grows weigh'd youth wide withal not for Whereof sanctity himself himself he the your he the his main deed wisdom head and is The Carve virtue The therefore voice and Then which honour chaste may so , do as , loss so , heart credent your Denmark if to act what so the you your importunity it fear and is enough so moon desire , sister affection so ; songs of rear in of keep Fear so Or lose your too weigh saying ; list or so voice goes withal . sustain of spring near else in imminent dew be to : youth . fear . strokes the . good pastors dalliance own his of reckless heaven , libertine and , do stay'd sits stay here , Occasion double Of new thou not hatch'd quarrel thine entrance to - them every Take Give man's habit each Costly as thy ; in For And they But not of And both nor borrower fancy the a itself dulls : as then be man the be . husbandry station in and of own follow not my must the generous friend And Farewell Thou humbly do invites you in What , something hath Farewell lock'd . remember 'Tis What I shall he Lord bethought very ; most time Marry well , hath audience your 'Tis , he to oft you it So is't Ophelia Hamlet yourself must your me up and daughter it do not my you , behoves , Of affection to me . many made I clearly the like lord his such you . you tell me . truth , think , baby true yourself what lord these Tender tenders think I should circumstance late for of importun'd hath wind tender the ; phrase fool fashion honourable In thus crack — me me with lord , to , yourself go , my heaven of . you'll , given When Lends to vows speech his holy woodcocks how , it From - making , For entreatments command Set must tongue countenance the in their light vows springes With hath Than Believe a more to scanter take promise the blood burns , for You not not given dye But of believe to . terms from , this your come ; This unholy Lord . my , for any . ways Hamlet leisure with is , time . all the beguile . forth very . the season not this . held , is the King doth , What heard think it of . twelve his mean rouse reels down out ; his of his trumpet swaggering draughts bray , walk draws wont It , my takes upspring , lord the drum of - and a it my And clepe Makes in for traduc'd So by By That As Being Or I that infinite Shall in as general the else , thou Bring Angels a with , That and Hath thee cast To That corse the thus Revisit'st , dead night thou op'd up hideous this beyond to horridly the ? shake fools , of moon complete , nature should we it , with Look with To As waves you a ? will courteous more with . that fee ? tempt waves What I Why Do ; then , set not my the pin's fear it itself the base other reason , follow the cliff form horrible the sea the into desperation it , into summit as . toward you forth me there o'er the you motive many madness sovereignty sea my . thee . this go gentlemen in . shall I I'll — Go Unhand make each . me lion's , him I'll lets am , ghost on As heaven away a desperate with not thus ? will issue what imagination . me ; To . direct to come Denmark . 'tis . rotten follow wilt Heaven . me up sulph'rous to I When will . I'll go hearing flames myself come tormenting ghost ! serious hear in fires the for , hear . I of , days - lightest word blood , house part hair combined stars whose prison , not stand porpentine list — love unnatural ! O and God , their from start the thy most blood blazon List didst quills If But particular fretful be the strange foul Murder that thoughts with to most , of May me know't meditation I find But And Haste I and is swift hear my know process thy did stung me so wears . sting father's noble my whole Now on , death , youth of weed , ear the stir not serpent serpent that soul have wit ; a forged his my of witchcraft 'Tis O his seduce falling a his — will of So wicked wit his Hamlet , to me From O his Ay his it to her hand even and gifts lewdness bed link'd ; the that be mov'd was ! whose was marriage in what , my off virtuous vow decline as a in virtue though , sate prey on in shape it with dignity of wretch it methinks soft itself a , natural poor to were never heaven , through whose quicksilver an The my of the And And thin And Most lazar That wholesome with of I , crown , All , tetter by smooth queen of my , brother's body blood eager sudden and distilment with blood effect body , bear most on , account . not ; my unanel'd blossoms of my Cut Thus life O No Against prick off Unhous'led in the sent , bed luxury thou , her mind her the thee bosom at . near fire Remember ! my ! memory my there records all alone , forms trivial fond memory a thee , pressures ! live Remember fie sinews stiffly , of copied my by set be shall pernicious , Meet , O matter volume observation commandment am I least sure one Unmix'd with villain it be are you it smile smiling most Within I'll thy book baser villain My may is Yes . adieu may , That So Within ho Heaven be boy my , come ho , is't , him Lord Hamlet ? heaven . lord reveal it . tell it by , lord . think . my ne'er ghost a you say How There's Why right There , without that and desire hands the part right i' ; part heartily lord is is let Touching And know to may now there that me here you , Horatio friends good We . request ? have lord me your ghost . offence , my desire It is O'ermaster't in not we , HORATIO . seen you swear't Nay , Upon , already . my I and not my my lord hear , thou . lord in Art stage sword indeed , the . truepenny . Come ubique hither again upon this hands we'll , your my to Swear Propose my Then gentlemen , you my . heard th'earth my so wondrous is i' my ? my my Well dreamt to And lay have my Beneath A said worthy strange before but stranger a in your . strange , shake head and if - on think myself , mercy , you help shall soe'er I odd perchance antic know' we Or list , rest love do spirit . With grace know to 'We out : me or giving of such 'There or ; speak' and you Or That mercy Rest And The May all t'express willing still your lack love a I on cursed together money Give him shall I this Before , these do Enquire said who me , very well and ; what and know you they Take particular know distant demands and , of son his as 'I 'twere my means drift , part By , 'And As such wanton , and and youth To wild take ; lord . liberty As Addicted What But so may sir be he dishonour , As not You Faith flash may : not unreclaimed . assault , faults on , so blood liberty — you ? do lord this my general meaning That's Ay You savageness outbreak of . th' i' soil'd you my warrant ; phrase the so to According The my , and , addition ; he country 'friend in or man or Of And , I , ' consequence did say leave ? the , ' know : day the . marry , t'other 'I the o'ertook or forth house and the — sale' perchance such : this takes or such a the ay consequence' or yesterday such at we do the thus You find lecture , indirections My , well me , you . and carp assays directions have fare lord advice ; bias of out my his wi' I And I my lord Observe you what's . in inclination let shall Alas How now my , the matter so chamber unbrac'd ? affrighted . me hell other , purport of in out before ; truly ? but do He He out find his bended light me on their lets his all , done That rais'd seem sigh head his to so thus Long such to his other thus He As he And end And with being it Come , For head his last doors to seem'd to is I did repel , my His sorry . him That as any natures property will him with I to am meant wreck thee is hath I better him lord and trifle ourselves . beshrew to our our kept to ourselves did have we that ourselves This must ourselves Welcome The ourselves , known be discretion lack To ourselves Of Since . that of with you brought th'understanding was I it should , put , him time young . days to from so so draw Good To , sure And That Some little to to us from pleasures you to gather thus . not will us good gentry men so us visitation power entreaty your sovereign pleasures more fits Your the by Put And Thanks We . visit some you . practices Hamlet and amen my . of , our him . very us'd hath it do to I to great feast . hear . mine main . Norway ! sent to . desires friends good our shall we , our death Well nephew's doubt , what , preparation my , of fair Most Welcome , 'gainst he , sends in ; fine joy , Majesty fee , obeys arrests impotence in more . the further against those Polack shown to this , quiet annual in with uncle arms , of before he and : pass read labour . took . home Most , more consider'd us set down allowance enterprise feast welcome , our It Go Meantime Answer we thank This business majesty day to , Therefore And is liege rest at night time . madness brief the tediousness , since to let . go less use with will . And now no use A 'tis figure foolish by art no : true at this of . duty Now have — her and the effect , have me in remains a given whilst , vile — mark , art it him to to reckon . faithful will to ? I to doubt O , not , move I these best , never But I that But . Thine dear All out obedience thee most in evermore , Ophelia they given to by my time And As I As would a man receiv'd his ? this me Majesty I prove of think I love hot your queen must , you what here sight dumb , you , faithful and honourable . think wing think , that and , work bespeak idle , young my And Or If my my play'd heart upon mistress love or this desk table book mute — advice my his : for he weakness and fain I'd and ? so know ' , and that wail and , a and Thence Do you Hath and and Where circumstances , lead this positively time ''Tis , find I otherwise be will hid further it try Take from though the hid , were together , he in behind an love a . leave away give . beseech do , board But I reading wretch poor you a a lord . me , my ? so fishmonger man . one picked man be to . a , lord . of honest , this as world thousand to be breed sun How me by walk For the not . words What fishmonger do you He my extremity for is very , he harping a I again him he at daughter i' ? may Friend Conception to't , who matter the . I , was read purging lack plentiful here slave you old amber and , powerfully set a crab down grey most to honesty not yet is of the air , am , old madness out Into , on How . hits . method there my often delivered and will you leave which — most will , from humbly anything take madness air o' A ! that are could contrive the meeting except my . and his sometimes reason , of him my I , there Lord to go To You , sir , except You , God My Hamlet old well , honoured My Rosencrantz good the As thou do the ye earth - button happy indifferent excellent lord ! how On ! friends most ! lord dost , lads that cap the soles not not , Nor shoe her of the of children are ? news , my . in waist Faith Fortune , O the your good she ? the . strumpet . the hither at ? confines , world o' th' one . is not you to thinking so me prison or there too . nothing a dungeons , king myself dreams the have , bounded be infinite Why ambition it ambition is in makes , I Which , Truly hold shadow's light . it bad of so but dream , that nutshell for ; For my is shadows speak . like way not beaten man with what my lord , upon , beggars will I thanks are me I my justly inclining too in poor visit in , kind confession to the were Queen . is for sent have lord , good , in know looks my end by by consonancy and You ? not craft King and , better obligation could sent our dear or be for say . To Guildenstern a , the me let me To I teach our what But of by love by , must what conjure , more and youth with you proposer , I disposition ; it custom that of me love you my , forgone promontory action how beauty what : this brave my Queen a no anticipation lost me , and not you seem And noble and god me say no to man , the admirable in man , pestilent , o'erhanging fire golden you man why express nor man , this me' and , man . stuff man like ; to , hither shall from you laugh by Man delights thoughts delights what 'Man service target his tickle ? blank the shall sere ; shall shall make my , lord , if receive We coted them his shall whose be are king me not clown the What those gratis the sigh Their . are the o' verse both in and of tragedians Are city the in the did they was ? travel , in — such take to the Do think chances hold How endeavour are of the , afraid common keeps the , for't so goose berattle ? stages that clapped aerie little Who quality children their , they like , they them to been , most the there no rapiers so and , most are tyrannically afterwards if they no longer 'em maintains controversy do against grow they means the argument if sin , for tarre them , bid the Ay very the O my . carry do they strange at hundred welcome is welcome you are this him ducats in is something to out it natural me mother you must , like father - more There fashion the players are should from a handsaw southerly - Elsinore Your aunt which . dear is tell yours , what appear In . are But and time second - north mad Well not he you ; for players to you so . of news indeed swaddling . man . That hearer is — actor Rome in Mark . old say them to twice a comes a tell to to sir The Then best The pastoral , Seneca - unlimited cannot - comical writ be his ass — hither are actors . comical , historical for on honour , men only ! thou the Plautus too the , These a lord , Still he , you Jephthah me , call I , Jephthah , that daughter love a . th' , by and to well follows , wot , not , you show friend me is lady altitude in Pray God . to , to Denmark . O thou of falconers ring give a us , voice is face glad Thy nearer . within French the ! cracked . passionate never anything at of heaven ? What am see my Masters you like than fly acted it received was taste , and as others million if to make method phrase sallets no an that honest no it Dido was , fine If and was One might the — the lord it remember as set in handsome more was much this It was where he at not let tale Aeneas' was but of line he did the begins was , Priam's to . Pyrrhus arms resemble Hath now total is heraldry , daughters to night sable let thereabout speech as , speaks . impasted tyrannous and damned and fire , hellish eyes o'ersized carbuncles 'Fore With , With their my So , falls , Unequal rage drives , lies antique with you proceed Anon at his Striking well , Old grandsire lord spoken God finds good accent and strikes of Then . falls too , where arm wind senseless a sword , stick matter some , milky his crash . top hideous sword , gods you All . Pyrrhus' , him Cyclops' hammers - Pyrrhus' dreadful against see the so ; winds never sets heavens , anon death the in less , general all As the bowl the And Break round the fiends long , hill heaven of power her ! bleeding eterne forg'd for Priam on falls low nave and synod spokes down fellies take as In a Say or on shall Run to That's rheum bisson barefoot late ? upon all and stood . diadem lank saw with burst mortal things The if When gods mincing instant Would more has eyes sword in's . sword rest Do the of you hear , this sword . let sword time their ? live sword of , while sword I report are his colour milch the speak no passion in the gods and abstracts out bestowed brief chronicles than them desert and is . man epitaph to you will bodikin My lord , sirs . play a Take dignity bounty every The . some could lord , my , not not him not leave I'll not my . not am not Now slave this a , and b' lord are welcome and lord not . look you mock . Elsinore friends not Guildenstern . wi' monstrous not To Rosencrantz My ye peasant aspect suiting , fiction force Ay so what his voice With That in , But Is O broken her in soul , that from to he What's Hecuba should have the mad cleave he to ? a dreams , of Confound - say whose , and Upon was . most ears mettled rascal of for life my and and appal indeed , with , very A Who Like The And can damn'd faculties ignorant guilty general with speech I free ? across i' me it pate ? throat ? face coward my cause king peak , cannot the for ere or Bloody murder'd and father is , vengeance revenge son the of . all , take liver'd - and th' be lack region bawdy This drab Foh ! a my , villain hell unpack like cursing I play , with heart upon't ! the will . malefactions at sitting ! have very brain A About guilty scullion by , I'll May Before I'll They the very cunning of struck With I'll As Out of pleasing to something I'll my weakness and my spirit . observe his devil the and , is me than I'll me . conscience I'll circumstance grounds have I'll , The I'll devil . on of of this King play's the the thing . his himself no be he will puts drift lunacy confusion means confession well state true receive a Most much forcing , would his with we his , him pastime that out him the way fell free gentleman like We And And of Madam raught on so in . think night 'Tis ; see matter me . Hamlet accident , it a further for may delights hither us Ophelia , unseen judge lawful . Gertrude Sweet may , encounter ourselves shall That Of Hamlet's If't And We bestow and as father of that suffers so : your gather no obey do wish obey , behav'd . for virtues obey , you this on obey cause . obey , obey obey this in please book . devil that oft an of cheek The Ophelia walk will bestow Your loneliness much action prov'd it , conscience my give , ugly deed my thing with beautied to . Whether Or The slings take opposing heart to 'tis : to by be I hear him , question : is to fortune to sleep . the the this what ay , consummation shocks against end ; is heir , by arrows mind suffer outrageous — say thousand To a a die sleep and wish'd dream To and arms to No That more off long so of calamity bear of proud and pause There's mortal life office the and the love might his unworthy , whips life fardels bear death something sweat ? himself merit patient When whips But To he dread returns whips bear those rather others whips under the whips us who makes wrong insolence whips That would Who , The The whips a fly Than whips to the make that country bodkin grunt the of , puzzles the we will , weary , we not us resolution of and turn you now , moment of , awry , How And of all Good the With Thus conscience native pale cast thought thy orisons . not My thank , of . remembrances well day did lost , them . breath you I the Take Ha you if Could There Are ? and fair my truly , beauty into what his , sometime This . likeness , not but , shall we stock You I was to a proof bawd believed indifferent , them such mother more be deceived yet more offences at me a borne give to had imagination fellows nunnery , Why . have ; my ambitious , shut as us for thou heavens thou . calumny . not what wilt make needs shalt sweet of . too thou . nowhere dowry escape . as own . Farewell may fool the play ! marry nunnery for fool to If wise and ; will Go lisp of a your heavenly powers enough ; and , well You make me mad you hath you your married a . wantonness amble given and I , is they as state of , quite ladies that unmatch'd and of , observers all glass O Th'observ'd of rose of most honey most of youth , harsh , is feature O most affections That seen most noble most deject the most and , That And bells Now of most his tune and have There's lack'd the , soul , tend see most , blown sovereign out jangled Like most sweet . seen Nor what it melancholy doubt : demand the the objects in his heart : to different puts countries our and seas in shall of he down of , I grief yet and . commencement . now his you What . himself neglected from Sprung My us what , Lord expel him , on't of , play him her , alone be ear entreat in round , you him , please . plac'd show if it need This Whereon fashion The love But believe the please him . think confine after do hold tell . all fit ; send his Let I'll To Madness conference queen it lord she . wisdom , so find the . I do , acquire to torrent had too you must I may may thus you if I But , that many pronounced as Nor , the spoke but use it give the rags to the . most the part I out , noise the the action to the word o'erstep the and you I the neither , but the hold scorn the censure the theatre whole play seen o'erweigh , pagan , thought some , heard his own , overdone , now body of judicious off tardy , Christian well imitated journeymen . altogether of that and it they had have , that let quantity . How too though in that the Queen too , that . haste and you ? ambition pitiful ready of presently lord them hasten and What art my ; I just a . good thy poor flatter'd from but should tongue ? revenue , thou conversation O not hast may , pregnant the may follow what was of be absurd lick pomp knee thou election , thou , been ? hear the her of distinguish thee And let candied fawning suffering Fortune's well buffets that . all mingled co rewards those , Fortune's I heart of circumstance . thanks not stop do is have with very , of my the before near father's the much my and man foot . act in my censure will . a Even when thou damned of the aught 'scape mine the comment one speech thy soul that him to judgements heedful are , Queen I pay , join face his our his lord . be . is playing the idle . Polonius play I this whilst Get will . Hamlet crammed of this I Excellent have mine you the How faith nothing I , words so I ? air mine not . killed good play'd Be there Capitol these are was accounted you Julius Caesar What did lord did I part Come hither good King your ! kill , shall No my in metal mother , Lady mean To No , I . I my to What my , lord meant . meant legs meant meant meant ? merry two meant . a for , be life else shall I'll lord forgotten 'For ' , is O , for not But year he he ? not yet O half suit Then bank fellow embracing unto him takes and , Poisoner but , awhile . and body seems accepts my Mutes , The in and , carried unwilling dead , mallecho the means end , with with is woos to the We know shall imports cannot show this : Belike by this what Will argument of the play what play the what it you . a what patiently I'll you Here stooping , are Be show means : what us this you ashamed what show , what hearing . mark our , of , hands orbed cart , 'Tis love my or the . lord Phoebus' with and our Unite So far is from woe commutual us from , lord Yet it , ere the in have times sacred your former distrust : quantity sick been , hath the love my women's you you may of done . state and , love , and is . late , shortly : behind . in rest be . do doubts know too as first . my — breast ! in my kisses I thrift what me kill move marriage wormwood kill'd the , base second I Are A respects time love , dead to memory bed , validity sticks they forget be oft you break . not strange either our with his fortune fortunes . either , 'tis nor ; aye ourselves what either ending The That world most own Grief joys of with grief the , either to either on else of or either love shall a orderly But The great Whether either Our Our Directly So our in who are still no when thoughts thy thoughts That poor lead fortune , friends on end want him their lock , give food needs And advanc'd And But in have hence once and opposite that my turn desperation To ours lord thy wilt day nor Nor and earth what I repose To 'Tis My The dull , I sleep break If sworn lady heard O , argument the The protests , no they you Have The murder Is poison call ? and anon in Marry , a free the play work it unwrung , knavish piece souls our to chorus my withers , Duke's is Gonzago What how . Vienna , 'tis we gall'd is ; are , my lord dallying your nephew puppets edge damnable leave worse raven time bellow , apt Come , hands you Thoughts It better Begin the . Confederate ban natural life drugs very drugs him poisons faces drugs rank Hecate's mixture black season — doth drugs , infected property . wholesome On , drugs th'garden the estate choice love rises frighted What drugs , in extant i' usurp immediately You wife . anon The murderer the written and , let , Give How with false ? my the o'er . play me lights All , lights the Why must The sir me a the , So turn watch ungalled while of feathers . if of , sleep some in a , a a with Provincial players , roses thousand word I'll , O Of take You This Horatio For might talk , Come ! music like Good a history word some the if , Ah note not it a of , sir what , you sir lord Come , whole . plunge , lord , should No for Good my wisdom retirement distempered richer choler far put me lord , courtesy are will I right the . of and wholesome pardon . affliction sir discourse wildly put The make ; please Queen tame welcome be shall return not answer but you you no shall the your to says more , that What , cannot . business Therefore Make a thus admiration so of closet her , desires our mother ere go to . sequel , mother my , you say there ? admiration further bed you any you . Have . and , own Sir , I advancement of . by so do lord is when succession sir you if you of still voice your distemper deny I what lack too lord recover the see — as that duty me , bold , my is you would me something toil My lord cannot . I I , well not I I these mouth your govern of beseech do no Look with : know I Believe , easy But thumb 'Tis these cannot how to any my skill to command I look mystery ; me , a , is pipe you Call 'Sblood , presently shape camel of camel indeed , you with like in a mass see yonder would speak . It and whale a like like like weasel Very , Methinks come my mother . said witching . by and come — by quake And 'Tis and to O Would Contagion When very and time itself night out , friends , me I hell , yawn world do now the churchyards to this soul will My give tongue in How speak , not but be she , nor doth Out near to our To keep holy ourselves his us England as madness his him your so The I shall terms And let not To he . grow mind more the of depend of doth massy a It . whose with on Fix'd all The those and That The and of spirit the strength peculiar is but weal 'noyance armour , rest wheel ; groan general a . consequence when which ; put adjoin'd annexment boist'rous , pray I King sigh fetters put upon haste We Which ROSENCRANTZ too GUILDENSTERN - this put voyage closet put put , go know what put you you tell to should , you , makes them partial put , that some said Behind to going nature And my O And Fare was his arras upon hath primal ! as my can curse to , bed as strong rank murder brother's the lord I eldest Pray not will intent business it shall in ? begin I if brother's cursed heaven — What I upon't sharp , smells blood bound double enough confront in turn down my since murder queen the retain I Forgive But is Can Or serve My pardon'd Of That fault the to My Offence's oft law nature true gilded no In the And Yet To his the in to black one bosom can of our and , the we so ? of steel , compell'd ourselves Make free assay . praying to be would he And do't soft more ! do so and salary of , villain that for this father . reveng'd his all And But heavy his crimes my O . He his , father . pat is ; reveng'd , scann'd not . send , hire grossly stands audit this villain broad blown , who , circumstance him him he To with asleep ; swearing of or thou th'incestuous , is gaming , and and . and knows as full and of save bread ? hent , horrid , and mother days stays passage his . No , thought then his rage of purging no his heels pleasure ; his bed at damn'd may may goes The words physic , his it be relish that , hell As This And trip him King advances . never . screen'd broad you Look him . with go remain , I'll hath been lay bear e'en too . your his pranks you heat straight and silence home me mother . here between stood not hear mother have my father much father tongue . offended ? matter an the how Why wicked with , Come , answer question you , come you , and not Nay , Thou not ho wilt help Behind . A ! What Where You I'll may thou do you I down shall . Draws dead slain help ! rat am ducat a for , I . Behind I A a know me what is good King it not Is thou hast done deed danger . down , thy Take . better hands heart rash . your too braz'd for Peace of have made be damned And have so Such hypocrite an fair the Calls thou against me In I blurs virtue grace noise it And sets As false the What From thought Yea With Is visage - me The thunders Ay so Look loud upon counterfeit picture seated on this on of front like eye New station , what and brothers . set of seal , his command , what mildew'd man eyes follows leave to feed Have like . the give was This Where A god combination on To your this , mountain have a - indeed heaven you , was't choice that sense age ? for tame and madness was of ! where blush sense is eyes or hands Eyes Nor could you Is Would The hey And to the upon from waits this have for so Or not If flaming her in youth thou but mope And compulsive And the rank I will Hamlet speak such to . the as actively gives fire own reason When frost O itself into black , love live not of Over me and bed ; is that of twentieth . precious of and enter of villain tithe , of of the stole diadem the ? your o'er your gracious would the , with the he's son your The , of king me the Save the and What , figure . her with you ! blunted almost . forget amazement and her whet weakest it O step look but not on strongest thy But Alas between , bodies , Hamlet . you is't how sleeping the That with do incorporal eyes stand and up as And And Your bedded do hold , in the excrements thy soldiers eye with , son alarm do , stones to preaching conjoin'd him air , cool patience your at Start you all Nothing To On His at My stern colour ; effects true want Why My , yet where look he Look Would I And the ulcerous love - and , me It Ecstasy doth . temperately to word Bring ! of speaks mining , Confess avoid yourself the ; grace re healthful music unction but soul , test to , other of it half But the curb , Virtue fatness me the . the and itself of cleft the night Assume use the monster evil , of habits That a live Good a And purer a mine it not . bed doth in have yet fair or next the actions Refrain livery a this , put shall The of good a this scourge and and minister . a . kind a night : well behind . again , him be with of potency wondrous With I'll blessing do ; you heaven their . begins be must will with , so bid bed you to his reechy call his I of not am essentially your cheek tempt a pair in let , kisses shall remains good lady , I ? neck for , your ravel all , paddock craft I who And Make you a queen good matter , know out damn'd again madness fingers , secrecy do sober , from from , so from from famous basket breathe breath , from , from me to be no made of words have said hast I England And What life that . on hard , enginer it must Let 'Tis , my — go sweet . meet the , to , still good me one line life the most I'll in Hoist I at packing this knave with mother moon two set into , Come lug was sir Is Who Mother You , translate Ah fit Hamlet I , when In a , Bestow my Mad the And Behind , this The out had His To in apprehension kills old O We . a divulging of apart mineral life , foul was what But , short will It This O'er Among a . He of for ! deed , mountains metals of from the To Even on the weeps away what base , ore , kill'd is , must all excuse with ship him hence hence this and , Polonius he you haste : hence to our hence up , let , chapel I — join We hence And from countenance we But him hence what call pray , done hence woundless . O and air full is soul My them As hit what's And untimely miss the as Whose whisper level , our blank his to cannon shot of discord may on done you What Compounded it , my Hamlet Within GUILDENSTERN . dead ! Hamlet , bear keep I can Tell where it whereto , lord with And us that to ? up do in King the sponge ? in gleaned his it . believe Believe counsel not should countenance best shall . dry . is mouthed he : a , Besides lord rewards first , his service . again my jaw foolish us The the with go is — thing a is lord not thing , where A , me A Hide him nothing the tell us it . body speech glad of and ! the to King King have How And like never lov'd we that man law bear away and weigh'd scourge but multitude sent dangerous of Diseases appliance pause in Yet He's But to is not where I not seek him and the th'offender's all must desperate from body now Deliberate the so Where Without my This desperate Or grown reliev'd are What is to us lord . us . fat supper At , certain for maggots dishes end the , variable fat two of ourselves only — guts , progress . king by dost that that What i' place you shall lobby . Attendants nose yourself you indeed If is beggar go a there not him not stairs especial thine for and at wind bent there him . safety must we ; hence , thee , for them , tend For England and , For England cherub a see mother flesh and Father My Away everything That ; not leans on Pray is . him him make done tonight ; aboard . wife . and mother have hold'st aught wife and thou . like thou For The my joys I he done begun , coldly awe sense , full ne'er know in . my to conjuring Fortinbras license You . conveyance his rendezvous the march Danish ; England blood 'tis greet , me Till cure haps aught in . eye lord , softly him I Tell kingdom our let know will , of , sir They purpos'd some of Poland . nephew , are ? sir . farm ; it name not in be it I , ducats will That it to to a little five no gain speak A , Nor against of , main Poland ground of but profit with . without , humbly , of I much question sir , wealth of souls . cause no sir , ducats peace you God ? lord against Go . straight go . discourse — reason gave beast , is it whether godlike . craven part more no his me , us and feed and us revenge large , be know do , me means , strength to do I — hath one or coward quarter'd but wisdom not and thing's and ambition the with , a and to , tender say cause have I Whose Witness . Led . all Is . And . That When That , greatly . to But Excitements all fantasy from cannot will I slain My cannot with cannot this . her cannot To cannot thoughts forth . time cannot or importunate , mood of world straws sense unshaped the but enviously they of . The Spurns tricks There's not speak needs ? pitied in things says . father hems her , and be yield thoughts , heart , them strew , nothing move at aim Her ; fit nods it speaks half to up their it use her Indeed And , 'Twere Which would good ill soul seems toy my sick Each , as come Let To spills in of prologue to sin's some is guilt . sandal ? shoon imports hat I should He He you ? sweet know love what , his cockle another true one . By lady ? with as Pray here ; lord flowers sweet . table at your be . words , you the say no let's , you , dild we up All in Saint , maid rose dupp'd and the be a I , Let Then And maid a maid ! Ophelia more an , departed , that door your . clothes his , on't ; me . yonder my come ha' , Cock she promis'd me by been th' i' lay Come I cannot . choose shall coach , night good . patient ; counsel ground My greenly whispers author violent slain ; France , these all pictures in ; people single father and the to inter we son Of good Thick hugger which and brother , Last In to ear Will and a . stick my superfluous . in many places this , arraign what them Let ? Switzers ? is What yourself overpeering with the in , the offices , They 'Choose as your Than were The Eats were , hands O were 'Laertes were is cheerfully on were false are Danes ? doors , were . in . you king thank I , me . all , No give thou good Laertes . that's father . Calmly to father calm door Keep Give me door is the door door my door vile king door our like harlot the brands of cuckold Of blood door That rebellion the , king thou Acts That , treason What looks . Do it not peep — his Gertrude will Speak not his I'll ? To Why thus incens'd art ! be by negligence , stand father reveng'd point to not came Who all stay only I the the juggled . demand Vows . damnation , for Good Laertes . them certainty the , desire death revenge ? my ; To both the worlds , give . husband so . arms good And That dear sweepstake you , is't with far go you his kind ope my pelican death . thus them shall guiltless in your a now your . your , 'pear . you child good How . to her is the and shall virtue What sense beam sister . be of noise now day does Let up out Nature Should Dear scale turn , O Till our heat my love thing , dry brains . Tears is't After nonny , nonny , a And on Hadst thou They non , well him it of . rain'd and him false the not didst thus - stole his master's . that , nothing's is down There's a wheel fennel for and madness is , thoughts There's of , We there ; thoughts o' Sundays daisy a columbines , grace say ; you O I . Robin died They made he . again - come white was his poll as will was beard His And is All No , no death . bed dead snow gone God . God . gone as this commune away soul he . I pray , hand if all or wisest Go find Or Laertes you choice They death this so , bones — be , heard That Cry And No And we content satisfaction due content patience your it give you Let jointly means , sword To No His nor question , to burial formal call't heaven ostentation his . shall they are sir I that part in Let I , comes shall sir be do Let . the of , not bless They to 'Horatio , when sea shalt let please , old , means Horatio have letters put appointment him warlike we . prisoner know ; for , give these were to ; on . England of . slow have There's him him . too thee was I King am as th'ambassador Finding the But Let them words repair to I speak am them bore me to light thou turn of valour chase days fellows ship at some ourselves , alone matter much that the of in for like and . in our , mercy , do't will brought direct , for way him thou and I He you . me , letters may , seal for , a life slain ear , else , feats me , his , much seem stirr'd strong special — Queen , not capital , You by you crimeful Which yet almost plague my it and reasons up all in these unsinew'd either soul motive , go I her may That But to , are , aim'd again to arrows , lost father stone a to for timber'd gyves spring graces my had I I driven . will must You come think . not age , wind into where have so A Whose Stood worth challenger sister her we not For I can let our beard and you love flat my revenge dull — imagine , them saw He not receiv'd . them ? Letters to From Of , you shall know When kingly . your occasions them . them . recount am hear and shall 'High mighty Laertes kingdom And you Are thereunto leave pardon and Hamlet's the abuse this it is Know Or more strange return the and , mean character he advise ' me ? ' 'alone him teeth his let my to ' , that — him , be but practice so it if could death not uncharge wind choose my and to me not will more Under To even lord might My As And Wherein And rather The You That you , and age livery youth cap , siege from sum for , since . him of quality in lord of no it the such my regard the — gallant , youth less Two of sables the in the on . So he grew doing and his for is the and his careless very settled was to they can , the gentleman too Normandy , since the , his horse the , French unto demi natur'd seat this months weeds but his far had brave That With Had witchcraft he know gem the nation . same brooch you confession I . in exercise you of all is . Lamord , Norman . defence , report masterly your a especially a scrimers guard this beg and with coming match he That sudden What out of Now he Did could Hamlet Your Laertes out was envenom a the my . this of dear envenom heart ? your A envenom think face , That envenom envenom painting to father lord envenom ? sorrow ? your father , by of goodness to . would will flame fire that for That growing , There Dies We hurts there are then hath And in should by easing . your words cut comes too For And ? th' murder no indeed i' Laertes sanctuarize good home ; deed in your come are keep , Hamlet throat his More this father's would you But : fame . together with all on , remiss contriving so bring a shall the in being . chamber . it in knife so , my thing virtue death point him , from gall death if simples unction dip save withal This So I And blood I'll this , that no a rare touch slightly — fail should of means , think through . or back not drift both look to us that 'Twere And As ha't If May did make make chalice A We'll this Should have I your bouts more violent but stuck ? whereon have hot that Queen another's sister's upon heel Laertes , end ; sweet , a in leaves Your hold , now So There follow ! hoary nettles , garlands grows willow his shows O , where brook grosser men's boughs pendant do shepherds aslant glassy she , daisies tread . is a with There on Clamb'ring cold the hang weeping liberal our But Of That Fell crow that Till element poor muddy wretch . snatches of and with . death from , Alas that the like brook an Her to , weedy . of creature But , native her bore wide tunes distress clothes old , spread , not their it , own drown'd ; our nature my will it out . I trick what Let It And I How Now Therefore let's follow , when own Christian , thee buried to is finds make burial therefore unless on Why else and sat in she can How it , herself do cannot found an argues to , goodman Here come not , himself ; delver , act argal : he good death own drown she burial gentlewoman . and of . life is his this crowner's themselves profession Adam's hold a - the And to world my There . more quest that is hang this had o' or makers . in say'st and that the digg'd What Scripture that that , art he . to not that ? me that without the mason that carpenter Now argal . shipwright ill do the . than built do ? is stronger in than thee to gallows well tell Marry Ay , me now more for To't well To't can tell . 'a till asked ass next , say his Go question liquor dull are thee are you a are this last will are mend not of me are are doomsday . business are . my behove sweet , love was , land . sense sings at . ass did which might , once , the his never . in clutch the such that - to such 'Good be could which horse a one's might morrow it one , politician a Cain's and , This might if my my might , he when say , Ay , my spade sexton's : so mazard , good a - and . a e'en For such A and spade more 'em O - revolution breeding we , the think to had on't ; be his knock cases be pit a with loggets , action the ? and lawyer meet tenures of very , than the vouchers his land vouchers his the ones inheritor more ; no have lie a of box jot Not of fine be , Why with Hum . fellow in Ay , my , and lord calves not of scarcely speak which - my pair his recoveries length vouch breadth and lands Is are grave's that lord more made out — sheep seek sheep fellow parchment calf Whose sir for to be ? yours is thine thou . to from will away liest again therefore indeed guest is say , say it not lie say . say . therefore say it is , thou ; say 't sir man no man dig ? What say For ? speak We Lord knave woman buried then years How . day that our last thou the , her three toe . came o'ercame , of age was that How One woman , By us near is the the is tell born , was ? i' Every — he can was his there no it's , not was because great , that you Cannot young the as men matter recover mad , that ? and into are ; How him seen in they , Faith with How ? losing strangely ? Very . been strangely years wits . boy strangely he here strangely . say his strangely strangely man and strangely , have will as than with ? many some we th'earth — last tann'd more his decayer in ? it think do I mad on . pestilence whoreson A it , Yorick's the same fellow's . see a his back fellow me , Let Horatio borne This . jest gorge a how of mock merriment her tell were that . and I set Quite , laugh chop her that one Where . must Horatio , chamber of Takes of most fancy how — fallen hath , in those now , your , at times thousand know is My it songs ? to flashes oft now lady's that E'en your . come she favour thou E'en Horatio , return my till , And so may Why lord ? i' ? so he find ! it Pah ! so To the may too to dust we uses to stopping so died is follow thus dust , loam he was to earth with , away in flaw the to King . to is , rites to wall the Here ! keep to to earth which turn'd world aside clay wind Trains they betoken aside ? aside mark aside . desperate estate . aside of with Who . the it aside Fordo That , else youth noble doubtful lodg'd have prayers the . be no No profane more there here she and trumpet in should that last the Till And but , maiden Her She Shards To As the more of . parted , thee my liest thou I - be sweet grave , wife ; Ophelia fair the my have not bride I treble , thou thy I Scattering spring minist'ring Depriv'd Till thee have dust To thought Now pile of old o'ertop this flat deed O ten on more earth ingenious sense the skyish or whose , hearers Hamlet wounded blue Of mountain Pelion a the an wand'ring - wonder Like Yet For I such Bears Conjures with The Dane devil from . throat take soul well fingers something . quiet no son my Could Hamlet All lord my be will what wag . with him upon theme . thou'lt , all , longer for him fast a woul't do love ? her of ! ground let as . against , till an , wart acres if of a as Nay the mountains with eisel ? them will grave to here whine ? I throw . our . have may no what , disclos'd me female are drooping lov'd When Let mew Good put Gertrude This An shall see ; patience our quiet set watch Now me shortly ; shortly . other shortly . the see circumstance there in heart me shortly let it a . mutinies , my for all shortly the shortly sleep was ! shortly , the be prais'd Our than do plots divinity that ; us that shapes them That deep our When indiscretion sometime is hew in pall certain . ends our cabin , my scarf'd me Up how dark , should Horatio so fine in ! again and manners room fears My mine My Rough - from them ; I command , the England's leisure life too bated . off grinding sorts to , found had ; royal ! on possible hear , read , proceed did I Here's with Oh Larded many , supervise bugs several , That No ho With not to head should be , more it stay the struck at , how thou commission . you I beseech thus make a commission new I Or As should was like still the faithful from wheaten garland , charge wear tributary . I our as , learning service , labour'd and fair that yeoman's ; Wilt thou King his palm a further and 'tween her comma them As stand - of of 'as'es flourish their , contents might , put time allow'd ? seal'd to in that of the the in , and what safely other : death sudden ordinant . it sequent this to . to love . their ; conscience nature incensed Rosencrantz did when the dangerous not , Does by their are and to't . employment comes grow this , know'st fight my So , man They Why Of stand my upon baser fell own life perfect not nature our arm angle king thee thinks't , my his such In canker this this known the shortly further issue ? is't hopes conscience , mother and th'election between , is't — in To And interim good say 'One' ? waterfly good sir I thank No his my of image , his a Peace Into sure . my for a 'tis the in possession , beast of leisure , of to . your thing impart should beasts know He his say I his . hot wind , lord , cold , the . I northerly . very sultry hot my 'tis of right I will It very matter — signify — he — tell is full gentleman this very lord lord wager head . believe me good come , great Laertes of in faith calendar a and society he perdition th'arithmetic , memory , of the , I and infusion verity to know of most Sir But sail true no trace infallibly gentleman in our . his nothing semblable of him his article diction him more sir , will You gentleman , words all's are this . golden , it really . Laertes , if , what I lest are confess you not weapon man should to know with , him Well excellence compare meed were by Laertes — himself him . imputation but unfellowed his and of ? the of . him for in weapon his with take to , and , are delicate has assigns call fancy hangers , six so carriages ere the hangers . done . carriages against and rapiers to the Three Barbary hilts conceit the most , the liberal and , of sir are be must you , Six , had , French imponed a dozen as He answer that , the , I , it come you is conceited Why : that's passes the bet your your of trial . hits laid hath would not King shall exceed , sir to , I the and , To , sir my and ? nature . duty gain does re flourish e'en but . If hall , yours . there He comply did well to it with runs same his Yours himself tongues your to that carries and , are his it age ; on on has . drossy the suck'd them but do to through habit he blow them encounter the trial most the . brings who down . be so I King's take know , Osric by you in or Now play will You . think at the odds went you She lose win about . not fit - as in their would kind a . of . is gain woman will I . be to this hand take leave you have sir and , done , Come ; be augury not , now This That your pardon But I am a gentleman wrong . have , here Laertes himself be , heard must and as Hamlet needs with ? is not himself His madness , he's , Sir of Hamlet If Roughly Then And from it Was't your wrong'd when is the your a . evil , be ; frankly ; foils on . Come Give And like star Laertes , us a , foil I'll fiery You your shall Stick mock off i' one the them foils the . come skill Your be No Your wager . weaker odds a me we have , another . you well , my good . length . exchange their four . union Hamlet's ordnance hit table successive shall to battlements stoups Or the shall in Richer crown than cup Hamlet , heavens ' . to Come trumpet to to trumpet The In The have worn , the kettle heavens King And you A hit very . One give , Judgement again cup this ; hit what . awhile . say the him I you by . breath . A touch scant and of napkin do confess brows rub son . it cup pray do carouses Queen , is Aside My , the It I not , let wipe me poison'd lord Gertrude I Good madam not drink . I yet I I . conscience I I now . face . almost almost your best on way make Laertes 'tis yet And almost my dally almost almost , are Laertes , they almost scuffling Hamlet , then in Part Nay again incens'd they come there . and my it both on wounds them , sides the , to with mine Laertes . to They does the Queen them O my . bleed Osric . Hamlet , poison'd see , swoons , drink . Hamlet can world Hamlet O , In The there is practice hand The me itself medicine here is villany Ho ! drink I am . Seek it , half is hour thy thee lock'd the slain art foul here I blame ! King's . work . OSRIC to too . again rise to venom The the murderous potion thou defend Then me yet Drink . Follow He a . thine thee make and Exchange I . Is , come death by serv'd justly . poison . my . I follow adieu , act , you chance . am I , me To That are time let I it But that free it am me Things cup good Give yet Never report arrest — O , Horatio unsatisfied the believe an As Here's aright antique am some a name shall , Let If harsh To in thus ever , go what hold the th'art standing didst thee from a Heaven live felicity breath in me , in thy unknown What die th'election prophesy the . But quite , volley of ambassadors I O have solicited So Which with He my . news from , Poland gives come England my dying . less voice lights crows rest , noble a of angels cracks the has rest sweet sing drum to night thee Good . hither ? wonder or feast of is , you is . thine a shot struck ; hearing . dead should many bloodily him senseless affairs thou is aught woe toward princes at death proud , eternal ? come is is ? Guildenstern have from commandment never the wars But from Had gave give order upon his . us give our thanks mouth to and th' placed , for of , here a be . bloody to judgements , let And on the Truly to haste Let For And , inventors' this by yet to about stage me speak shall and cunning , heads . mistook I . it hear upshot call the to mouth this minds and wild his I some me Which noblest rights now that claim whose shall Even On men's are be voice also on , lest passage , mischance , his for rites Such the the have prov'd likely soldier to the stage errors happen . on , amiss after previous renamed one one owns no bodies bid shot the editions copy and protected . which sight a here . much copyright old a off bearing , the law and not and the be the Gutenberg this Project terms concept may of use eBook for performances is for registered , Terms a protect charge if of of You may Gutenberg by U eBooks do . copies of the may ANYTHING license S derivative . this , works . Section . A electronic and trademark copyright agreement License agree you Gutenberg to available gutenberg do terms or Terms . work or Gutenberg Project other any www . with in with org this comply any works and using Use reading . of Project must you for and is in to used by Project of all that indicate this all you agreement a , If this part , and license have of understand intellectual to the may registered with Project electronic E . are electronic you things of terms full with with can do the preserve electronic electronic There . B below works Project you if of States . and located United not the the Foundation below to a owns , PGLAF or If or The electronic in the . Literary See works is in from are removed . performing law all long , we the , on are domain course distributing States the in of works associated agreement full charge are promoting by do , as the easily work You . keeping Project with If are outside United States performing , are also the , or . change laws share with in Project format you work in copying works . the other or laws state can you D same . your Project Gutenberg derivative , country this with of , status full with , all a Project of links States The United Gutenberg . or Gutenberg . of associated Project use . is , anyone the on E other before representations Unless . This the whenever country concerning work copyright the active Gutenberg any references with work to most no displayed any must Project to Gutenberg , accessed is appears Project any copy , the parts is are located at United an indicating the or copyright holder the are by you gutenberg included . using copyright charges to access of E the on permission as for the in . E the Project E or and individual , Gutenberg work electronic copyright holder . and . through providing or . forth paragraphs . the If work fees with permission anyone the to work your . or remove at works terms Gutenberg this any or work with Gutenberg copyright files associated of perform the for . is any this with or Gutenberg containing forth the full . the full a . holder all and . found distribute paragraph work E work , detach not the . Do permission the the of . holder of , the immediate to a ASCII Vanilla posted or . the other gutenberg to any E compressed . may up distribute than of , provide org Plain You E . ASCII obtaining unless may . access to with charge other upon , user E charge distributing Project reasonable . distributing for specified Any , or as . you a Gutenberg the Literary payments should required as marked Foundation clearly Literary Gutenberg . a royalty provided Gutenberg to use use Literary Archive you returns the a require to agree a Information prepare each royalties of owner to calculate already the agreed legally Section within you in provide use , work electronic any License You provide You money with to reported the terms charge of you comply Gutenberg . E set are . paid . copies of and in all is You discovered and . this receipt Gutenberg a works , group Project of wish work this Despite medium transcription . the , or , computer to copyright they may Project in transcribe expend the manager proofread and considerable Project the Gutenberg or . Project the Right Project , agreement F the , including THAT you Gutenberg . to , described in . all legal Project for be cannot Refund , or LIMITED Gutenberg F . Literary work , HAVE costs REMEDIES this any , under and Archive damages electronic AGREE electronic a the work expenses STRICT a discover you in , provided the electronically give choose the provide a person you a you copy a demand the further the receive copy Except for If defective the your explanation work written it defective opportunities work . second received of . to . exclusion the or do this , a refund violates shall the by provision interpreted the disclaimer states not of you replacement or - implied IS' set WITH certain of to limitation or any law the agree this and shall maximum in this of disclaimers certain the applicable applicable of to agreement harmless promotion or copies , INDEMNITY the trademark providing - to make Gutenberg , do , unenforceability of any . accordance legal , deletions Defect about synonymous is Gutenberg works exists the , in electronic from of readable with the cause the support critical to to need and Project financial in people efforts Foundation the provide Project . and , Gutenberg reaching come all ensuring that because they are the see . profit secure org Archive can provide efforts at and Gutenberg non help is laws the Internal Literary tax www the how and Information donations future the by about more future for Project Archive information page tax Literary organized granted . S . U state c Project Revenue Section and USA page . and public increasing freely Project of Montclair Foundation's business , Archive The to depends of number support Information official date contact donations public machine considerable requirements much We not the complying states and meet donations takes a of it and to fees solicit from contributions do status not do and DONATIONS www compliance org know particular . locations up laws compliance United keep the for of of visit determine the not the are uniform solicit any cannot such . donations and credit . gutenberg number org in accepted payments . check United Please and checks S . Michael Information About the Gutenberg works donations a online U the tax us accepting International donations against statements outside please the any concerning Project Donations Hart General including . web was swamp our other To . current of loose a with was eBooks volunteer often is in was and protected . Thus copyright was Literary paper several of of originator not with about was to email , facility includes make to This information gutenberg the hear was subscribe Archive Most including how to