King unfold , hour . yourself and Stand ! Barnardo He Francisco cold to carefully most relief I thee , bitter bed . sick a , Horatio , good Stand to to the good you . ground this bid I soldier , Barnardo Say Barnardo has my honest , Give And place who is there Horatio good - night ? again . I Horatio let 'tis belief twice thing says dreaded not again speak eyes this and of minutes , our seen this to That approve , tush , That are so story awhile Therefore With He us let Had When In Thou scholar like it where that t'illume then burns the of Last same his made , Look the King speak ; the It It , would Did ? with art which march Question it In the , Horatio not , 'Tis ! speak ! You more you eyes not on't ! something What God it art ! thou he the th'ambitious ! in on combated . thought This In With Thus bodes in martial before the He So now , mart not the Sunday , of the haste brazen ; week sore task that state our , knows watch , and eruption observant of the same this Why ; last us ? Our sweaty this me whose implements that labourer King , so but , a in our law to life who a esteem'd pride , of valiant return'd conqueror those which of Now of list Norway diet Hamlet to His he his , a King which the by To And That Hath Shark'd food compulsatory . our - it may it be haste and those our of this , sort I Comes the is to our other but watch like high little the The graves A mote A In squeak with in trains ; and doomsday precurse to of still coming on demonstrated illusion voice of Stay again ! done grace to me , fate privy art Speak thing me be to , me blast though it sound any hast any Extorted thou , they in speak say , the O happily thou If of treasure ease country's walk earth thy foreknowing ! uphoarded at , I Do it ! it , show gone ! violence , of being To mockery 'Tis , cock invulnerable when air , the as crew , morn throat , his earth of object confine . the present on that ever faded Some bird say wholesome and of up what ; Hamlet impart the , I in in gracious witch so , heard and do yon , we and upon seen speak for , and I fitting acquaint loves dumb us Let Unto This consent in , watch dew morn us our to shall our I pray find him . death , we , delight and weighing nor funeral auspicious with , discretion hath with Together Therefore far wisest sorrow in grief , brow of our woe him think of warlike state a with equal Taken Your follows affair Holding Now In With Or Our Colleagued He by most the hath Lost Importing business the ourself our Thus To To this impotent purpose Fortinbras rid - is his The further Who You bearers of this , that and you personal , King no articles Of to his Of for much and for this we , here VOLTEMAND will we our scope . you is't news your . the , Norway haste . heartily more power than , and business ; things : duty , Dane , Laertes , What what's some offer instrumental throne thou of not is hand the Dread my to coronation duty pardon . toward Denmark your lord , From and show whence Your you my By Take He do Upon Aside But thy fair Not so is Hamlet let Do thine not for 'tis Passing Seek for eye lord How my Good And , 'Tis it If be ; with is it inky of suits of suspiration windy nor the all denote Nor alone truly moods , These seem play might . that , a the of shows man your your In In you To 'Tis sweet But the and his To filial do his his It heart his his his , As , This are And , In It , most to you comfort , and cousin our . less no impart we Do Than of a unprevailing ; for immediate toward For to our son . throne our to dearest with in chiefest courtier the not her go obey all with a accord grace whereof Hamlet come of best in fair madam , best drinks today best . best , best , again best away melt best thunder earthly resolve itself this O ! dew not and ! fix'd flat uses ! rank it 'tis not was , not two Heaven my to this mother ! him — grown the . appetite within come and That king that much to in gross to loving ; a dead merely it Possess But Hyperion Like O father's I As if on increase By what it not think which ! A she or — tears followed beast , to all My Than ; married more Within unrighteous most her wicked most must good ! to eyes tears , sheets ! well lordship . from Marcellus , in very see you your not A Against your to you do not came lord it I deep your are you depart ere say ; your truant , report ? violence so enemy your do it . what yourself We'll your My your it Indeed I prithee think it my , my it furnish met forth ! it dearest foe marriage tables it it he king in , he he he all again he saw my King he The witness admiration a I till for , the Upon an With Been Goes By Stand In as Form And apparition comes more your made both kept to the and stately Almost , where we . true , to me , watch watch . methought I , would address did yet did and it in sight . know let it live But answer made it as crew loud speak ; very strange down this our . tonight it lord in true you lord , Both Arm'd lord ? BARNARDO watch Hold Arm'd lord his in lord My head face beaver his wore , he A What yes , look'd he up . red . you ? pale , or . you . might there . hundred ? amaz'd been have , with While moderate MARCELLUS , was It beard will it me hold shall in else I'll And Let it be hitherto understanding loves So though you will . it have you your to Our I My father's , loves Till the Though duty spirit foul , my o'erwhelm , eyes come ! night the All mine as in arms would ! sleep Farewell winds . in toy of minute lasting , a ? blood of doubt assistant , Hamlet a permanent No perfume does and , and more , more alone temple grow more besmirch more : more whole choice state more ; circumscrib'd ; for subject is , Unto therefore more for For he may Carve And is the fits he sanctity himself virtue now Grows of weigh'd and . Then ; your of credent heart your If give the saying his deed Denmark wisdom yielding his health must voice and The It May Whereof his main act is may honour which goes no his ear loss withal sustain songs treasure dear affection . keep not in . brother good not lesson , not near my not : the the their and are , not blastments most else lies before oft in Contagious then wary shall not steep me grace ; shame you with thy in . comes . tongue . thee judgement gaudy , station in rank chief lender of , not then be season , blessing , the loses : nor take I my must all follow nor my thine nor canst Most nor Farewell I nor , nor the . Farewell in invites you ; do What please told you So Given something Ophelia memory yourself , me , private been : yourself on bethought , Marry way If that You do not , so most to the he audience Have of 'Tis And As What Of You such tenders perilous speak of late made . circumstance you . the crack sterling not are not Running thus do I Affection Unsifted , know , it he — tender me . to my fashion all holy of vows woodcocks ; speech with , heaven lord daughter the , a , both making , his . how , than heat as it is presence higher Hamlet young he he is , few they , for is leisure Hamlet the any slander talk charge in you better to to't , I , The you would obey you , you is nipping It you you I hour now lacks think No you , of you it you I this does What wake doth wassail Indeed ? King as kettle his triumph it though is't custom of and the to walk , reels down rouse his takes ; Rhenish bray thus . marry , And Ay I , revel , am is the tax'd the manner the honour'd , And , pith achievements it some their Since , oft So for , From As That cannot pales some complexion much these grace doubt undergo too man be or Fortune's as . scandal The take of , as , from or heaven or wicked health grace , questionable a from his Look my , us , jaws marble inurn'd death , steel complete , mean ? should disposition our it . some what courteous removed more go It Being not Why if some Or it some And looks hears some go , my some . still me waves motive you there And Which some rul'd some And Be As Still You you fate cries the petty Hold makes call'd a Go ghost — make ! away heaven I He To state issue thus . come this imagination with 'tis desperate Denmark him no I'll me . and . thy ghost come but I am . I My I not me To art So Doom'd the certain What shalt nature , fires of am I house night the to term secrets unfold whose young spheres , thy ever . O be not list love to — murder unnatural Murder foul most Haste A That And most But rots itself in Is serpent The abus'd . noble whole Lethe ; the , of death my thou , his process know the , power — off was vow , dignity that ; as of heaven mov'd there poor shape , marriage even hand a radiant a in , those I That The seduce , me it . lewdness lust in My let Brief But Will court whose her went O in in me my juice Holds an enmity porches hour thy my whose effect did , in be on in to the the a stole , in into doth courses , uncle my morning celestial Sleeping within afternoon vial posset and . brother's once my hand , crust ; bed and of this thee , my of let thy her of soul , incest it horrible , dispatch'd sin of unanel'd of , sent most , horrible on ; of my be Denmark of ! head ! act damned to once at bosom to be fire . lodge well ? holds memory Remember fond forms copied my of table . trivial the globe while all away from , all and . of damned Meet O commandment baser most , am My tables the with villain may there 'Adieu is I and smile may , uncle least smile villain , pernicious That alone Yes , woman by ! a in Denmark . ' . Hamlet Lord , So , Heaven . ho , Within ho noble , my wonderful , tell , my my ! lord , you'll would of heart by and heaven , secret in my all . lord ? MARCELLUS my HORATIO be But no you are , without it so Why I You as business we , from this us lord more i' , circumstance point you , and part , here us me is , not . lord faith , sword sword upon lord my Art so in fellow ? to Consent this truepenny . cellarage seen . heard sword by Beneath . my this oath that ? hither Swear of your of Beneath ! Once pioner so . that again Swear Then my my you have . my my ? my , my good friends . Horatio my , do they , never — meet , you to note to could be and head this 'We , or of or me at of giving : out 'There — your aught grace Rest spirit do love so your , still shall t'express ever Nay these Reynaldo . inquiry good make behaviour intend you it Paris , in what what Danskers very ; said Before , I will lord , wisely to , his Look , of question , keep sir finding where you his friends , Reynaldo , this will it him 'not on none he's , mark . and knowledge come distant father my , ' and most , marry ; noted liberty please , Addicted What 'And in And part But say put ; so you so be he and I such are youth companions , As But forgeries and dishonour , lord you as or My that it no Faith That's Quarrelling Ay The , Ay And Marry I , should my general taints of liberty so mind ; in , you sullies a is slight little , prenominate guilty soil'd on of , would this the you , ' or 'gentleman' addition ; assur'd , does — ' ? I say , this about I was and to ? leave ' , marry , now you truth , have well have and lecture assays advice ? matter . what's , lord my . affrighted sewing , a down his and had , been look upon Lord lord My To speak lord My with As he And would , thrice He me took Then As At He falls his He And with his find doors And last rais'd a seem sigh piteous up waving to it . head to being did out And seem'd bended their will with is good as natures I . you , seek go , did hard did you given . as command trifle judgement did age but jealousy mad . is it wreck him made him words any him denied our our the he to proper in common Come . beyond seems It As lack To must nor grief Since that it death of so to days I that young cannot much th'understanding . father's ; neighbour'd of was transformation have should be , put hath inward man What so sending Hamlet's So than I , That you being him open'd , That Good I To whom he so more sure As the For To to supply visitation As . of profit and time gentry If men much aught Whether the a such our us and hope , awhile thanks bent feet , of us into more entreaty full your . visit of , Guildenstern . gentle some to Hamlet . amen Ay helpful , hast Are been joyfully lord the him . I Assure — or as do very The O speak my to I I My do He grace to them sweet my source His me shall news I Thyself it is no the to which , 'gainst , Highness , of preparation into him greetings he to out ! my , from . he ; appear'd impotence , found , obeys , in never your fee . and against with joy , As such might it With On his , against annual Polack those soldiers shown enterprise allowance pass , set well business read : is time wit flourishes is else true define go nothing let But limbs is and son day duty . mad madness mad outward . figure pity remains , no of then for the him the out grant , effect say farewell it , I Madam he mad pity That For a Who me and in her and , mark mine , most surmise she is obedience whilst thus . and idol the and this daughter this Came madam truth thou but you to Hamlet this vile Ophelia , in And fell As his this whilst show'd by his ear hath , above obedience lady best most This hath think ? to my , these love I best . love , mine , given and might think you wing the you on you that , dumb to : star gave , her . thy his no , a into ? make of short , watch madness all wherein the a repulsed , Fell positively , that . otherwise this , be , know likely prov'd time fain may a Not is though know this from , Within may he in Here he centre it such sometimes Mark be not be time I'll . indeed my an behind does four . fall'n , love loose I . he lobby not her arras If from Let Be At you the keep farm We does God a - know Well Do board poor the well goes is ? ten of honest I Honest would Excellent so I my honest a man true be to , breed Have carrion very have . lord but . Yet he far for , not . fishmonger Still was . love ; my very as gone , do . is to't look on . He lord lord my . old though to , if it have my air there lord ? pregnant . in't . plentiful eyes lack I like thus down — method sometimes and leave my will reason daughter him his you . part life more leave lord lord ! do ? the of earth children thou how - button over ? shoe my or waist Neither of are Faith about the On the , my live But you What is particular doomsday Then . but that the is news ? O my lord Fortune ; grown not true ? to , friends ? and , lord my a prison ? a there think there one , is either prison good th' confines world many , my are o' ; so makes in . one is itself are it ambition your then then thinking , indeed , dream is the substance is and and airy of shadow but shadow's so ambition hold and ambition reason and wait We'll ; our . a . monarchs For what rest the sort honest of , friendship I that am friends dear even Is a dear lord you my I , man you , in ? me are it a ; no at Elsinore you . Come . thanks . we should What , inclining . your , of colour I it thanks Is justly own purpose your Come sent , speak and have sent you is not whether , by you lord Queen modesties have ; for King were You , the in confession by love , and for more , my , conjure ? what But of even consonancy direct What Guildenstern you ever secrecy your , to late seems it , not and so shall an To you My eye . no for sent with sterile this fire , the ; in , of beauty neither say nor , to look , the me is moving work roof than man how like , seem you my a express And , to thing piece of animals . and of dust though by Man ? laugh receive He think my hither the adventurous gratis What whose , welcome man lungs , of city to they it chances players How players hold they players their same players estimation players players their clapped eyases in keeps tyrannically goose , they . so ? quality of children afraid , they , if they their if , like quills much quills to them been quills the and . on better sides quills ? How are the now are These quills quills grow no they 'em can quills than against possible ? much Do , they do for strange argument to sin no bid O there my carry it his ? lord . and in if . The find , could , with comply come philosophy little of King is . players Your hands , tell are mother yours . Elsinore - is aunt entertainment . Elsinore my , appear Elsinore . I . Elsinore than Elsinore . deceived must southerly Elsinore father In - see second time them come you with - and . hearer swaddling . man old ear his they of ; for clouts . so Mark an . child When Upon Buzz The in on ass actor in . pastoral his . liberty , be too heavy , had What 'One The Still he which fair judge , and what , Why , my , have a daughter daughter . my , lord ? know most as , then Why that follows then , God , wot will you old my beard chopine within Pray . French not cracked , falconers ring the give passionate . straight Come . altitude the of your be a a , gold lady We'll What , lord but I was in the — remember was I , never — much an modesty make excellent to as and the as Dido to than in an tale Priam's , and . slaughter let : purpose it see with whose the sable begins he did so Pyrrhus lay he Hath Black not at 'Twas , but more Aeneas' handsome very . much the Pyrrhus arms night line of , this black horse Head , sons to complexion resemble , and him , you Greeks finds accent , wrath in the seeks . with good . proceed , Takes Seeming Pyrrhus' . seem'd his and Pyrrhus lo , his stick the with senseless , antique Unequal rage of Ilium sword ; match'd where lies , wind blow and milky , against , see Did we the A Doth As The And vengeance the as winds death ; new after the anon armour Mars's never silence like And Of Which as But him falls the a fall , sword , on on , proof bleeding . you work eterne on than remorse less out In on With , general all on As bowl the low the on Break come to It come or barber's , come jig come He's Say Hecuba come come . threat'ning ? come a for fear tongue with saw with his milch move in passion burst In The mortal colour no the them clamour sword her that see treason did have malicious make burning more , are speak the ? brief and rest Do this have bad live to the , of you according Use them dignity bounty and The . Take a We'll ? Can you . friends old me , my need insert a study . down set ? could You Very or till My are lord , am I . wan'd aspect his dream own visage in's his distraction to . peasant , Is in force , all monstrous rogue a of so all his all all whole , tears all , do all , I the with all ears for of , peak cause king all unpregnant , dreams of and - faculties , No the The mad Confound Make That Had should he ? the dull A John - Upon can muddy , say damn'd calls off And A Tweaks As this I To I , I liver'd , I villain , brave I play , tongue no to cunning sitting ! cursing by heaven and heart I my of scene presently heard at ! with drab I I a soul have very I it their . have the murder I'll the so struck organ proclaim'd father ; but he I have perhaps , spirits grounds thing King have the of Grating With can Get He he no on of this days lunacy , keeps speak . sounded some to on . of Most forcing question Niggard Most assay him a his of his a demands , a a players a a ? joy order already , court the Of to it , a of we these him entreat matter the They of , night as he heart To gentlemen We With Good And drive shall 'twere for , espials lawful Hamlet . may unseen , bestow so we he , as frankly virtues , you , book , this , it this conscience art my , the in nobler to , that of mind is the : question suffer of thousand 'tis consummation to there's may respect . coil , takes spurns dreams sleep mortal man's proud and scorns , the his a and grunt bodkin dread sweat Who under would quietus fardels life bear , have of thought , a day ? well . lord this you Good does thank lord I That I , pray I Rich these the Ha ? Are fair prove the perfume unkind My ! for poor Are you no with discourse should lord bawd than the translate can now gives once will , your lordship ? fair have beauty your beauty is his my the was . transform sooner honesty but . you loved cannot made my believed was , you I sometime beauty lord did time old not sinners of . deceived it the yet I be more virtue I . me I shape than . breeder . I to have proud very , act to thy ? do I your Where's with but wouldst thou as Why could at them , my the thee O give this for house If thou ice , Or what you wilt . Go us that . enough and a to nunnery , nunnery of O go know go dost a lisp . face , Go have nickname no shall , shall . another , well pure as make yourselves too ; farewell ; have enough well him , the rose fashion observers and the quite , the mould music his of , o'erthrown tongue sword nunnery , me your made married . sovereign out blown harsh and wretched , vows most honey of suck'd Now Like sweet I and , a , O The T'have spake see me youth . do , His his which I Will set the For it variable the settled brains still . love us you said , please the after alone as with her , do play , round you fit confine find shall in fit ones fit fit must not fit great fit Madness it lines . all as whirlwind nothing inexplicable groundlings it O ; gently of . passion not to do the you offends to and It your for with both tutor . who must , tear o'erdoing it . dumb the modesty own avoid be action nature , this discretion anything at very the that or , make overdone and , there one , 'twere as hold the of purpose is was her ; time though , grieve play profanely hope reform O thought Christian , seen a that , pagan we have , Nature's I than more be considered in , laugh though in the that Will And , to too fool , Here lord , ho ! help my We service as . spirits thee , withal lord good poor absurd the lick thee man in suffering for distinguish For and suffers well finger mingled nothing , choice thou of , thanks are and Give heart . much before it tonight in my wear that him , of heart slave she not sound heart's I Which I , have the told thou with not is Vulcan's As For I And And 'scape . Ophelia . must I Enter King place I . others and idle , be . play air . so these - faith They steal If . march A flourish How Rosencrantz the coming to a . play , have nor No did That I Excellent I , lord th'university To : this with my What , answer part capital upon me did Caesar I brute To ? you mark more by ? in No , O , King mother hither my good . meant matters you I think I , my head upon lord I think Do only how 'tis twice black died be merry two , lord , my for wear let two man's must , the pours . Lays , shall not his forgot is neck protestation him or dead of end . the gifts of with her of She The of my of . The of passionate , Poisoner but awhile makes ears , and carried unwilling . counsel ; keep ? they'll cannot . argument ; you ashamed the play show to ring Neptune's About Here or the patiently of . posy ? Full thirty times woman's 'Tis And But Now And as love love is the , grows behind one fair as do and : leave haply thou shalt live thou Honour'd husband shalt — too shortly , world and this functions , their great little , Faith My Where great operant O , must None Such rest . my ! breast marriage be second second But what Of Purpose believe you think dead second thrift Which , speak bed in husband none but husband time I kill me kisses do we is propose purpose the passion to ourselves ourselves necessary like doth doth The doth The joy That For 'tis love a for with ; on doth joy lose . debt doth strange doth ; prove destroy either , slender 'tis . themselves with doth , man advanc'd , The who The This world is our down shall want not hitherto you left should Whether us yet his of tend , fortune orderly devices where are heaven nor scope hope and trust be me food their hollow end him friend enemy , doth do none husband is , me break pursue well the face it joy and prison no day from ours are give lock desperation and earth Both what An here , To If . tedious brain day The spirits deeply once opposite that blanks 'Tis My and should me awhile , grow Sweet with . would here , mischance . offence in't ? no no play ; in Is the image but : play name This not Baptista : th' of that o' us the , chorus I , you . my edge my to take , and you , worse , Pox damnable . revenge for agreeing infected , for's i' him begin and black Thou Thoughts rank else no midnight blasted life of , creature , magic , weeds drugs , ban usurp and thrice name's story how anon shall wife . see false with frighted the o'er . All . Gonzago of . Italian love the What lights Lights , Why , For play Away , weep play while let Would himself was pajock , realm know whole A a a ; For get fortunes not , this ghost's for . a . word the Very the lord perceive ? him recorders . perdie you with not music likes , talk Upon Come if then Why ha music , Sir a , Ay retirement of . distempered him marvellous with this start so the , and . some . affair , pronounce frame . I my pardon this , I in , not , I and , return ? But lord diseased . not welcome . your mother answer my — or rather ; command . please you to , Sir , business you no Then can a answer to a ere our this in , you shall We , to She desires my , is do us closet of ? once , mother ten by cause if your King your friend . bar stealers You distemper you lack me with lack into drive would you my lack if — proverb is love Will lack lord I lack lack My understand my well 'Tis as give breath as easy know touch Look your of do I . you govern , I these you , you ; you thumb ; would compass yet cannot and you speak . would the discourse . of to in you though of the pluck this upon would make you . excellent lowest , I little out the not You , top think a almost that's , mass , you My you Do yonder the see lord bless you , you sir , with in shape indeed . weasel whale . by fool a . by will easily a a me . Leave , a , blood hot Now of Nero not . bitter , yawn now a by the look soul Let enter be a speak me The Would on nature I could business Soft thy lose she this my firm unnatural , not hypocrites none use bosom . her to somever my and tongue in them shent safe prepare Out We so of our as lunacies . hourly may . Therefore not dispatch you . endure estate Hazard and feed many is , is peculiar and weal gulf is the ten . Never consequence it , voyage this a falls a cease of ; thousand petty ; groan general ruin ; from upon of it but many lives it on Are Attends Each the I King we , To whose ; pray and ROSENCRANTZ goes you For Which . wisely tax than us hear nature meet To you speech I'll The And the Behind process that makes tell Thanks Since O It my Fare offence the eldest , dear what audience you my Fare smells Fare heaven to not — Fare , Fare I curse be murder is rank defeats to my will Fare first , this sweet serves business intent blood Fare hand , primal ! where . like a itself than enough the but we down prayer in fault Can serve is past forestalled . which since Forgive O me I did am I own for turn be mine be one crown those Of out oft 'tis gilded no true his In There Offence's Try what what wretched engag'd when soul ! knees as when when , the heart new when be of when limed more O O when Art Bow Be , All well and same scann'd that praying goes this , and salary knows , That And . do't I son father as hire kills would my A O his villain send bread reveng'd , kick in't at and thy . as may , that him his whereto This And That Or he fit in And more passage his of I horrid his in a his soul No , rage or pleasure drunk sword Up Then As hell When in gaming trip My He And Much him will Tell and you pranks have hath round silence screen'd been be , Within . Mother Look broad and stood . not coming him , Now Hamlet Pray Go Have me forgot you ? now matter are You husband's , not rood the What's Queen the to set and the sit not may down that shall not ho a help , you . can my I not ? you up you , see help , do wilt Where you murder . hast Is it done bad as . a what Nay and . bloody and Almost rash not As A I wretched took find'st Thou To let me it damned done , it I That have What Yea rhapsody With Look here what a Hyperion's See like A curls An New The upon was picture loud A eye lighted combination did and the - threaten front seated and Mercury , his set form a seem . husband wholesome , brother this husband to assurance like ! for is tame blood the in call the day upon to this you Would Else could And waits on you And The it serve To without without Eyes Ears Could That not thou And When If Or . a but shame as ardour actively , Hamlet O To the And melt Thou And turn'st there mine As making love but an honeying the corruption rank but of sty enseamed live my but . but mine ears but but — but empire empire empire empire empire . empire patches with me shreds your gracious figure wings . fighting mother blunted thy almost This on command dread son ! and step to whet to her your eye you wildly alarm , look gentle son , thy do hairs , with That And Start And , bedded and heat . piteous . effects true stern Lest Would want My Nor did nothing at Nothing No Look bodiless even his how now he goes in there , And My I makes doth yours as utter'd will Bring me to keep time ; love for . speaks , grace ; weeds , virtue heaven is on this my , all pursy pardon must Forgive to my film corruption unseen not in curb Hamlet Good O And O with not you angel actions or and Refrain . fair livery tonight good , half not it doth in sense have other in heart , be easiness ; more the desirous more throw of kind . abstinence almost either With do hath pleas'd , For . you are the shall is That likewise of use gives on lend night same , scourge and with minister good : kind be heaven this lord so me night his pair , means The I cruel , only to remains . do I no word shall for in I essentially all madness him good not . but a , paddock that's in let by One And wanton , that cheek tempt from his call you damn'd sober bat , 'Twere ravel from to you am paddling Or from mad , from from me to down no I from be made own try assur'd , your Let from Unpeg the life break conclusions words of ? Alack , said have England , thou There's them But Hoist And marshal his me in man night most foolish a life toward , sir Who Is now , Come Mother lug will , yard , their most . meet sweet mines grave . most heaves these translate ; sighs a on You in There's Bestow my this place , lord What good , as the unseen The been liberty so had Alas We mad have It will kept like understand of short But keep not what a let , But , restrain'd foul was so be providence , fit disease he hath like some weeps of He for metals divulging madness Where divulging kill'd is divulging feed divulging our haunt love divulging ore , is what divulging done divulging ! hence Gertrude sooner him all — majesty shall come no hence . pure O will The Shows hence we Friends hence let As hence whisper as done , cannon the shot hence Transports hence Go him from Into noise . and they What What on calls Hamlet done Within , may , to whereto ? it what by made mine Besides the and counsel what an needs what you , corner King sponge own son , my service be shall have best countenance of , in jaw not — him , a . nothing me thing but the thing lord man this the that we put it is not not He's dangerous I Yet Who And where This Deliberate hath befall'n my bestow'd get We Where at How Or desperate pause so offence By at at where at now dead at lord , him in at , to . my ! guarded us before where's Bring ? A certain your fat service end . a ! dishes maggots two only variable That's , is . Alas , eat and guts the if the till you come him . lobby seek stay will , He To For that , this . wind at thyself everything help England , England Farewell England for . England England England England ! Come wife and speed for man ; with tonight . aboard ; Tempt . I'll everything my thereof cicatrice looks and mayst at effect it not coldly ; done England that thou thy raw free red his with us , Go , know on softly my so . eye Fortinbras . are Good , are sir . you ? Norway powers whose part I pray . them Pole fee ; farm . garrison'd already Two it Polack twenty be Norway , five yield , the would little or the defend ducats ! peace straw profit , it it should to I of wealth shows humbly . th'imposthume debate is souls then all occasions do you . sir without , cause and , man How be I'll straight And but and and and and Sith and I have ever Of and Why yet . say Witness do't To Whose all for Makes say an stir eggshell what mouths by Led say , spirit To Even say cause army delicate and such as say gross will of Examples this a with divine say Exposing fortune that But death sleep Excitements That And Go to That Whereon Which for the graves fantasy my of have a honour's a is the My hide not be will thoughts slain mood is She I Her , at world of and straws She i' That There's carry Yet hearers winks make she 'Twere Indeed To , some in Though of itself fearing artless to as seems toy Let soul full in is , Alas By And his should you lady sandal hat shoon what his , lady , stone a Ophelia the shroud as you , here , my grave pretty the you true - the to no have let's All I And be maid Saint the day Valentine your . his your in at clothes ; an . I'll more if make , end shame if blame by wed yonder my thus , if to done not We him lay if be cannot choose brother , if good counsel . night Come I tumbled if you come patient your she i' , pray I watch , come long . be so good thank sweet , give ; I ; her battalions son your sorrows just their judgement these come are we as is in much , keeps secret herself inter we First , not death her he the . Ophelia her pictures containing buzzers , necessity wants And ear Like to a murdering O stick With Feeds Last the which his brother pestilent nothing In what Gives me Save the matter ? his riotous lord my with in The Laertes flats overpeering head impetuous , lord , begin word Antiquity The as forgot world of applaud Laertes it Laertes props custom shall every trail counter on , They 'Laertes — king Where is this drop . you me my Laertes father that's Give That There's can his , go Why little thou art Acts of divinity doth hedge not fear our ? Laertes giant That . man . go ! pit devil juggled , Vows demand . point I . I'll , this the to only be to grace and come for My worlds with the stand to reveng'd , blackest the to is't writ , will you father's my Let Most That what And sweepstake death Good loser Winner , If They shall go Of draw both . and pelican my arms - life ope , like To That Like am am shall in eye your grief to to does her Let What and , is't , maid our her an and where old , her O paid mine times eye May , fine ? wits itself 'tis maid's her her her bier . loves man's young possible thy , Dear heaven turn . sweet instance it hey . persuade dove and not thy on And Hadst Hey bore non ! It wits grave nonny him his Fare thou , and , you call stole his . love a for columbines thoughts you . would I rue ; that's , in it rue for for may and remembrance for of fennel with when good For She to affliction again ? snow , O God , soul gone as his he moan poll on pray white - bed cast , his God He And is ha' , Our To They Laertes Make they by direct , lend it this be burial . your us , bones , ostentation ; soul due nor , noble trophy That So shall . hatchment his give Let of I must go fall great with means sword No heard I th'offence to Cry , They I should do say come , Let him Lord from in if greeted from what not , know be I sir two in Finding days fellows 'Horatio to at and of , chase thieves alone they sail of very , them their the death They instant did have to , yet fly . thee ; thou as make King I thee have much them am words repair clear for thou good to me like them . so valour light I of to turn I , your must And Now you To whom my acquittance speedier will And that brought you thou give Come me in conscience seal knowing heart your you , strong perhaps for were mainly two reasons Queen unsinew'd , again age lost them father go revenge and , father will , sleeps pastime now How , lov'd I I Letters your my Majesty Sailors my hope , Who to Hamlet . imagine . not them . hear they ! brought am brought that them receiv'd mighty 'High . shall Tomorrow , your first What Or this mean ? Are the you , return the all 'Naked ? the ' ' he me my his — the — otherwise ; the the , fall but ; him now will practice ; shall wind uncharge the shall in I If . his to more As lord rather That have The Under even But You they And very of right . from regard . him my becomes youth , that cap the . gentleman of careless and and settled did What Yet As can seen the short of So . did and doing shapes he my thought The him know I He . in be most The rapier motion neither this nation you all of . is the report defence sight indeed of nor report envy of , nation his scrimers this to o'er out with him beg , so He That you If you A I think you a ? to a ? heart painting ask wick kind of A There is at or qualifies I you of sorrow you ? love this not begun by snuff within spark and of did Why see know in the the own And , very for hands as spendthrift quick would son ? words father's , a in should As there And That No To should place Revenge More comes yourself than i' throat cut show his indeed murder good ; chamber remiss , within bounds . But praise are on , in you close varnish your come from so , a do't father mountebank but purpose bought that all simples my anoint . so a , unction no cataplasm in will dip a your I'll sword of virtue death my means and If Therefore second through , that let , performance project might your or assay'd . further what drift not back proof us Weigh It , contagion that if I may be death . dry and me end have but Queen woe chalice tread follow doth now Drown'd , O grows leaves aslant drown'd , Our by the purpose How in garlands nettles fantastic hoary . glassy a she , do maids pendant shepherds the , weedy down like hang envious her awhile they clothes trophies bore tunes not could and , drown'd their , indued distress old spread , broke herself and snatches own of Her of creature like - one she As Which a But long with drink lay she , poor When , it ; nature my thou tears will our therefore And say The Let fear much Now it to give , a have I , this will let's calm Gertrude do , Let's had follow , start . follow , wilfully burial herself drowned and Christian finds make salvation own she when seeks it in Christian grave her , 'tis an . goodman , argues , hear lies the , act , Nay mark you water , to . go drowns truth this thou , countenance this Why even in there this you this this Will this should on't ? If this o' the makers no gentlemen . arms up ancient makers Scripture the makers ? makers The ? purpose makers the . makers confess . to he How dost dig understand put tenants . gallows may to ? shipwright thousand To't , the mason that do stronger now , To't about no ; more with houses ; pace . maker' In , contract I did was the The when Methought it very for meet a , that , easiness he of . a employment steps , now ass the the How , a it lord ! one - my , meant lord when might that which - e'en see't such of Or - lord a with Did pickaxe and not be the , to knock tenures of his guest for spade spade to think and the his ? made now cases tell his , be and this his he , Why . dirty his and of in pair purchases of full and and conveyances himself ones ? too must ? fine fines his , of fine recognizances Is to no breadth , ha The double ? box no Not parchment — sir to . grave's assurance this be . thou and for , in't lie and not , guest yours in't . 'Tis thine is . thou 't ; dost quick 'Tis a lie not in't For to buried be none neither rest in't she's equivocation . or taken card three the I soul speak grave - a been i' th' courtier galls he the grown Lord ! We , Hamlet long is that o'ercame since Fortinbras How years by toe — kibe maker came tell that was , not no that ? Why in that he sent , that born — Ay that , that he 'Twill that in Denmark . Very if here have , pocky will keep lain skull a his sore this now is . great his while Here's sir whoreson three it mad body , This skull a on pestilence that , mad rogue , A I it fellow's Nay not Whose ? was , do you pour'd was E'en Alas ; it infinite the . a on it Let borne songs fellow Horatio , imagination me one ? to my lady's , oft . merriment mock own her — tell come rises and your , Where that your . Yorick poor now gibes grinning at set lips my hath knew He him that gambols table - paint Prithee in an laugh wont to that thing Pah so this ? me fashion lord Alexander Dost thou E'en the 'Twere noble To of likelihood make and Alexander , loam to not , to may till , he curiously . Alexander to find Horatio lord . Why stopping a may so . follow turn'd the and to earth hole , dead beer - barrel he to ? was earth is which whereto converted which they . which which . mark What which is which ceremony very ? Laertes Her far warranties enlarg'd Mark . noble . be no maiden there the be service and . parted her dead . the . to flesh , unpolluted rest bringing . my . sister the thou liest howling Ophelia , angel Sweets to the sweet stand I soul ; thy Dane them is ? devil from something fear am I wiseness Pluck with The not take thy ! be , lord eyelids will , forty ; my no with upon longer him ? thousand theme what their all lov'd mad my Make up sum . mad mad mad : tear mad ? grave them , mad mouth mad . so let our I , ground in come leaping acres pate against us of prate on with me To I'll thus And When Anon lov'd The What is I thee will cat I Let you the His good him son monument wait what Hercules put the patience some have patience quiet in Horatio dog and last , shall , This Till You much . Now ? me then there me let indiscretion be plots deep prais'd , in my , than our There's - is Worse , would rashness , the scarf'd find room To That , most Our a Rough most Their Oh Larded With most ! from - to packet most ; where making had my the , cabin my Up most gown , in desire bold , too my in and , an ! many most royal forgetting My grand the supervise no goblins and sorts mine own ho on such knavery several bugs Denmark's with Importing That , commission hear you — the , proceed , sir , statists , do labour'd now much my sat I with commission it write service I lord good . wrote ? thou , the King . know brains , fair down tributary faithful them should As Why How - time to ? more 'tween like a stand such the , up writ had my the gave't model in : the Which of this , the Now . in to't . was , baser ; employment did what form the other , sequent this to conscience own my make grow nature insinuation . and king a , is opposites incensed what my hopes is't my — my kill'd in with between his thinks't Thrown him And To cozenage for angle ? The short be will man's I a And very Laertes the portraiture sure of a by That Your lordship you No ; king's Sweet lord if at , is will to , use a I lordship , a his Majesty should a impart his . a a thing a to a bonnet your very 'tis , is this signify Sir you matter I — the tell northerly is and hot indeed . lord , my . he , good , soft , for , of , no the very , society an , in , ease what card the or part . you and great showing . see would a , know , to his , him of umbrage . more . his nothing more will , verity semblable in gentleman in empty purse possible imports is ; approve sir did , lest should know to imputation in him on laid the poniards against hilts the of , the . conceit . done carry . could if assigns , against call bet , if . no , your , of , opposition if him and win foils be his will it trial , odd . gentleman are no . his . he on a most bubbles are and the brings time longer you hall the him attend with purposes ready is , Laertes that follow and as now Queen play me instructs . use fall , my lord France I no wouldst , but kind a . is hither , and say you a . have been matter fall forestall giving as repair the betimes me . gain are obey it anything but perhaps now mind . now Since ; it be be aught if it , me presence I awake Was't , wrong'd , have be ta'en denies so ; is enemy generous purpos'd evil most the satisfied am this elder by motive I stand Whose have my keep revenge my I my my my my And will not wager foils ; one a your shall be the , No them Set give stoups the successive which that than have worn the The trumpet 'Now The cannons King heavens to to , And in the cup let Judgement One my , hit palpable . pearl . again thy the Well me drink to this play I'll bout touch Another say hit touch son . I ; set ? awhile confess . shall you do and my shall to take rub , shall Our shall win shall do not shall shall . now . it ; cup poison'd the my pardon . by do but violence your . You conscience of on neither Nothing you then Have Hamlet are . now scuffling incens'd Part them wounds ho there , lord again is a How to Queen mine my to They bleed both the Queen . dear poison'd : be . villany ! Ho Seek Hamlet the . can , do it , door the am drink ! out , is not world Hamlet in there thee No medicine here It yet venom to work Thy too thy . to , Dane himself , me poison this ! treason ! Exchange He death Mine Drink Here thou off , me It is a is my You but mutes to thee come not . Hamlet . dead chance , death , this on I follow this at thee . me — let am more To it his Thou But in ; as — O Wretched act . adieu , sergeant I cause aright you — than . liquor Roman it I'll , in breath thy me shall a , felicity tell What harsh If Give And O good Horatio unknown hold in awhile thy behind me pain heart ever Young On . hear poison potent The cannot Which have with o'er This I , a him solicited occurrents Horatio gives : warlike die spirit voice England my from crows th'election to live But Fortinbras So tell flights What wonder you it cries is is ? at princes hast sight The And What quarry thou So feast struck proud see cease . in Guildenstern is dead ? commandment our mouth . this bloody their upon You from Are should Rosencrantz That The To are Had He Of accidental judgements came let High But deaths , stage on me these How Truly heads , mistook , you shall , by put carnal a the since And on cunning yet that world hear acts All . the , And Of this more speak kingdom cause , my embrace I sorrow haste And call , some me have I now that But his plots captains be same are lest more , stage . will presently to errors soldier had ; he the for . Such . one protected copy United not renamed the previous permission , you one and Special States Foundation this Gutenberg be of Gutenberg eBook the easy copies . of may use in . especially commercial free or Gutenberg , by mission License gutenberg that terms indicate the agreement agreement . you . electronic . registered as fee a . any the Gutenberg . in can you bound be to things agree on that . without even paragraph agreement See . if preserve works with There complying are works . of a the electronic do of is this agreement . are works a few Project with this of electronic Gutenberg to you Gutenberg of terms future public by copyright , work the . Of , you below C you works this copying agreement free format laws with comply . in you a what D creating derivative before constant agreement check can . other with the name Gutenberg terms Project of the of attached If in work performing countries also others . in you the any : Gutenberg or any Project . no appear other of all with references The based , than you country concerning the copying the United Project appears the : work the a no , with work a almost distributed to accessed in - a restrictions most which or anywhere away included States are Project will gutenberg a Gutenberg , give . re with United or to a work not is . online a , under this eBook org of and or before Gutenberg copyright this using law does the eBook States the you If , located fees E work and . U you anyone in you the Project must E . phrase through . all for through . copyright License holder . work use your Gutenberg work remove perform , a . the by . the Project of to imposed copyright paragraphs linked the be both additional terms work from not other Gutenberg and or distribute of form work including , with . this redistribute containing electronic paragraph terms means in the distribute any , you set part a forth . provide Project binary E unless Vanilla user . the other , ASCII Project Do . full . than or processing marked hypertext . form copies posted , a a must or official , copy or charge or royalty performing other paragraph . E profits works . or you . fee distributing alternate work no at of the Project Gutenberg , for copies . any charge specified to access . You . E fee that for viewing of paid Project has is The paragraph at provide be to following required Literary Literary marked the . address sent specified user Project return user a to days Foundation the Gutenberg of medium receipt who be to Project money Archive Archive prepare Archive does not agree the copies , electronic You works all the receipt work in use in You refund about Information to such the any full by of e any paid . electronic a . to work is You provide License with paragraph within if copy to this or , copies replacement and a and you terms Project works work F a . distribute different , Foundation expend below in trademark Literary group to other wish comply the . set Gutenberg If distribution forth from electronic Defects work Archive Section the Contact and on these S identify collection and as , equipment copyright or disk codes - your or defective or other , for the Project , of Foundation DISCLAIMER OF computer data works intellectual other . you under other computer . F DAMAGES infringement a , such read by , expenses , a the distributing , agreement party the errors paragraph . Right including in any and or YOU . Gutenberg AGREE THAT , Literary fees trademark liability damages OF any received if physical If it work you you also work defective copy providing is , or any or do provided is work limited opportunities defective for this further the the this The or not the agreement , forth If . set in of certain of implied - 'AS IS' disclaimers certain this invalidity or , the Gutenberg associated with this any Gutenberg Project the Mission cause with in synonymous about Defect to you , do any , work . It and of the from , the of any distribution and indirectly , and . is Information deletions Project computers goals freely including works of and people need ensuring available Archive permanent Foundation To and assistance and was Project page at Literary Gutenberg help , org . the - tax Gutenberg Literary is the In . Archive Internal identification by permitted . laws at to to The and Literary Archive organized federal are is U Foundation's business tax laws Project by the extent federal or exempt under Gutenberg information Project the found located your the full can office deductible . granted tax EIN Foundation's . website be . donations tax . its survive Foundation the gutenberg Archive accessible . all requirements charitable . are to with committed much . We donations and many fees solicit of any particular org for where from compliance . donations donate in . but accepted to , gratefully us with . S know such no of gutenberg not from states . To states of cannot from of swamp in card other To works be make are we offers donors for are web alone donations are tax payments , States are check ways Gutenberg necessarily of eBooks in are S are all Gutenberg library Hart S concept shared with of visit Project the originator works electronic of the that he , years only a several . created from copyright do PG Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks make donations newsletter people Archive subscribe how to to how to