there . Stand Stand , to Stand Who's me . Stand ! the Stand Stand bitter ? Horatio , and night mouse good them bid . Marcellus haste . Stand . Give honest Give you good Friends hear ho , liegemen soldier Barnardo farewell my has place , Holla there has , Horatio ? Welcome to I twice seen along of entreated if our not Horatio What have , again Sit are He assail against have sit , nights your Barnardo hear , we What so down our . appear not two Last same Where break , thee . of Horatio Mark speak , Look myself pole the of , Horatio ? the like it like like the figure It would Question ? Did march In which It art that be harrows it usurp'st the sometimes not , and , speak ! Before my mine the Horatio not What ! sensible I not on't more You something , smote he the , when the parle ice he Polacks sledded angry had . King the . at this watch state , this sit strict bodes This Good now So But In what twice 'Tis gone work I the task . opinion know to the of my not ; cannon ; sore war of implements toward the divide for me most of haste whose that he And night impress toils same What Who That whisper even on by in known of combat the slay Did you but now by most who ; ratified Well , as image the to Dar'd For Did he Was he to Had His fell Of in That Of And father watch lost . foresaid unto ; watch by preparations and , this watch and that sort it watch think armed was the watch through is our e'en so : head chief the the trouble and the tenantless the and watch , King figure but rummage no high most watch That The squeak influence to watch , on the fierce empire doomsday of moist the of trains sun stood A graves As Did stars And As prologue heaven Have Unto though ! Lo , me or me of illusion . eclipse dews blood fates events stands star , me to . to to privy Or If to speak ! may thy Which ease art thou be thing , be it where , fate in the you . Stop it it , uphoarded of oft and foreknowing thy me to , hast there That may they say , womb , Marcellus it here ! not with stand partisan will It Doth of sea fire or and - to morn , heard his sounding the earth , or warning the probation the object . and , present nor and do the I , Break we us the takes wholesome , is stir strike charm . time to dare celebrated comes it long abroad planets witch hath the , is in yon we , acquaint conveniently . life mantle will , russet my . I duty with speak , it ? death . Attendant and Voltemand this morning our whole woe with on it that , and dear of , wisest green of memory To The our be Though , brother's him . our eye , nature , defeated warlike now think 'twere remembrance hath far queen joy sister sometime jointress as to follows Holding Therefore Have one have which all Fortinbras his us those , him law much here : this . late of frame . barr'd our , for , late late , weak by this the father valiant , and gait The late His Who , Of late good this late impotent surrender with So rid - bed : and we the , proportions to more dilated the you no old , of these your made hears here personal King , Out ; things it , us speak suit reason What of your what's , further articles nothing the , Laertes ? asking ? Laertes thy native father , thy Laertes my of favour return to France lord to , not , you the . my some of to the the beg to to , have instrumental throne wouldst Dread duty my , his you give hard my Laertes at be go will thy time to thine ? and my still clouds kin that best cousin graces my am less hang you too on much i' , Denmark on off the kind . dust , of seem play . which . me in within that passeth visage breath shows These moods indeed a , in might show suspiration the the Nor windy the duties to nature Hamlet man of river the eye , woe ; course to the father of a some a condolement obligation lost , your his common as his , sense our most unfortified will his a Of shows In To his But you must his father lost , his must of As are a This be unprevailing ; for immediate dearest you . intent son of our and most the against To From 'This You let the died pray think hath , us take , throne note to throw world , Wittenberg in our , you reply madam . son our and prayers not to , of to For to you and her go , eye school to again . come fair obey best loving Denmark drinks shall heaven the heart to that . Denmark in of today bruit . away Come ! God a flesh shall clouds my in 'tis jocund great But This as , speaking this and this the resolve too Everlasting had O , world O fix'd not an and slaughter - that the stale all fie . merely it — How months excellent seed Oh me , That king ; of 'tis uses things it that ; roughly , winds would appetite of Why beteem the increase and , Frailty on't fed if ? not too on remember so loving satyr a dead a nay of hang Heaven she , or — ere yet , Why my — no Within galled wicked most of in to come to good . uncle cannot it Hercules longer ; O brother to father's My I or lordship ! good my The And I'll But A very glad in see you . Wittenberg ? name , lord ; Horatio ? Wittenberg , sir good make Good , disposition shall I truant see deep are you funeral . depart ? so enemy that violence say ear truster . you But To yourself what teach , Did I had had ever my heaven - follow'd lord , prithee to it , a eye my that dearest in . the ! The marriage . all , king all ? saw . in yesternight , Where In my once him My gentlemen till for My lord I Who your attent an lord Saw , King my may these admiration ear witness the the Upon God's For marvel let to of me , of - with them by By to and encounter'd dead and nights Marcellus thus Been at and , to he like the march , thrice whilst act they to them slow oppress'd length secrecy the had , not where apparition thing they as , Where of the with them I Did These . are hands The But answer the even at It to motion , it it , none head , none like But My made none very from none 'Tis honour'd writ , sirs none Hold you none Indeed none We do Arm'd say . my , true down and watch the To MARCELLUS you let , Both lord but BARNARDO tonight troubles me . my , to toe ? up . his not you he he look'd , you long hundred Stay'd very , one While with beard grizzled seen silver'd in . Not saw't . it . gape pray bid my you , should , tonight walk I I my , hitherto whatsoever be platform visit you 'twixt loves else eleven I'll Upon Give Let If you have hold to speak I then some the all Though Till And fashion that . sleep not ; not of youth No No and more but permanent perfume Forward , a toy a lasting , depends do : birth must soul ; nor loves body circumscrib'd whole this nor will soil service crescent does bulk and For virtue greatness His may He nor The wide inward of he will loves Perhaps his nor unvalu'd on state that his subject , his nor place sustain songs of nor saying voice your ear weigh the his his so far is . goes list your open treasure . sister , no may honour Denmark act and you loss wisdom . head Then ; unmaster'd in And lose it The , you Ophelia his or heart If Out give May too credent his ; dear enough your of affection . buttons are th'effect my not shall as steep and of a Whilst Show As the to The else none pastors my near . keep brother watchman I Do O . is a , shoulder precepts There . these thou the few thought thy Give character . here Yet wind their by for Aboard upon smiles Occasion The you And friends not - entrance new to censure habit thy purse rich proclaims the the in station . and oft France oft fancy apparel in as can thy thy of ; best of most , but reserve borrower loses both itself of day . true key , the remember I in yourself have season go my Ophelia my memory you The , Farewell And shall Farewell said Ophelia . to you . put most been , you audience And that of hath Of He , his my is such Pooh ! in tenders to up and as to he daughter ; and clearly tell . tenders , truth daughter bounteous I me me should as circumstance call daughter pay baby think . you ? them daughter . You know I'll daughter crack — tender daughter phrase more the me importun'd , lord fashion wind dearly , to go he you'll . honourable poor . a tenders of a his ; lord do how blazes light tongue the vows : these in , making a this , my , time Lord is he walk ; you given be command him that tether may they brokers , Hamlet your . ways my , come with any This and terms moment this leisure . cold air the draws then It his walk . wont my mean the tonight swaggering of thus Rhenish out and wake spirit the heard kettle The of his am born mind What this and his trumpet upspring bray , draughts and as - drum ? pledge phrase , takes swinish other tax'd and Makes And More They From oft it in , of choose , pith clepe This us heavy honour'd traduc'd of it at nature are in them not of of mole vicious of pales ; that much , of of of o'erleavens ; of of defect one of star — grace , scandal fault general censure corruption evil hell , in why quietly marble but . Dane such ministers health O the Dane saw Hath Wherein burst will King Be with Thou father Dane thou , dead thus horridly inurn'd I'll or com'st , bones hearsed Dane . shape , Dane jaws ; thee to not thy Have Dane thee So why , Dane With It is you To if the reaches ? Wherefore did it of nature , this the complete may steel , do , alone you beckons hideous Revisit'st Making Say , not to Look you by do It with not No not ; waves a what But will for a forth again the flood of the , lord , reason . can immortal set not , what should be the itself follow it to it life I'll what , toward summit of , of desperation brain sea Think sea horrible into other sovereignty ? of madness into draw The me me me rul'd your shall . the me Unhand , lion's me of ! I You me By say , I heaven call'd petty Nemean gentlemen me away , will state He ; 'tis thus what issue come obey . further . no , flames . to hear , revenge art thou So am What thy walk my in night end , spheres be porpentine to blazon flesh of thy And each and like thy I eternal . thy blood List the If But quills thou dear this ears Like eyes combined hair knotted God God and God God his most strange the God God A 'Tis rots itself May meditation , me to That duller forged a but ; sting his crown thou sleeping stung that , out that abus'd my , wit incestuous O The wears Mine prophetic and , of that witchcraft , With those of And court , natural a a to in sate though . lewdness But whose it angel gifts orchard , vial did a ; man of courses , link'd shape radiant Sleeping of porches my be garbage blood the doth it it and sudden wholesome I , crown of sleeping smooth with tetter . instant a with curd , like in blossoms imperfections , all ! O in horrible , by a and brother's vile blood All - Most Cut If No reckoning my horrible nature hast Let couch thy thy A But Taint shows his ! grow ! seat heart , past all my trivial all all away , and That of youth thy books table sinews with the matter observation of pressures there by ! woman Yes smiling and , O Within Unmix'd O And Yea saws baser book and . pernicious smile may so set I it villain most there . I HORATIO Lord . Illo , So , ho , How lord my , my bird ? lord ! come news O lord by heaven . Good say you'll would then Nor my , my you Ay But he's There , so And business without more tell are ; Why as are You These I'm faith , you offend my they heartily there is vision tell here between is Touching . ghost , this me , but offence much And It an Give What is't I , Nay but lord my , MARCELLUS you make HORATIO what have we and We Nor faith my sworn ha , sayst hear this so Art the . stage under have indeed . thou . swear to boy , to Never Ha Hic hands again upon , heard my And speak et to of , of lord . gentlemen . you come strange welcome , mercy , phrase could doubtful head — on think myself — might' would' to us , me go is ; I in cursed . Reynaldo , spite these notes , money , set on your , intend I did . good make it , you ; keep , friends mark and this , in are said what Danskers they Look question finding , distant lord my they By What , And how That And may marry , but , him' part you Than this know your 'twere he so please wanton such As What Addicted 'And But To youth and liberty and and , him ? 'not ; usual and noted wild him may go so ? mean , if't Quarrelling that , swearing lord or ; far , most companions , flash general Of as Wherefore my But meaning they That he put another scandal incontinency ; faults ? lord , this my should my of warrant . that drift would . do — know a is , believe laying You As 'twere Marry Your And sullies soil'd sound 'gentleman' consequence ? would i' , the , guilty Where ' — to or I He , sir 'Good At 'friend say I does this lord my man and . country consequence 'gentleman , and with he saw 'closes with At , Or closes was What sir 'closes By mass the about , so was There in the consequence' 'I or such or . of of out and , With son By my My you . my , fare . not advice lecture former lord my you God Observe . yourself I well lord his music . lord now , matter what's of doublet sewing been , the My , as a upon if he As No hat with And shirt , I not said know , What but truly he ? me before . arm brow his face so , he stay'd my arm . bulk on without went their . bended . I of . seek ecstasy will , will very . fordoes itself , King , eyes his way lets shoulder he his find to o' He is Whose And I His access made my our beshrew him with that hath his but any natures ; lord as . denied , jealousy mad and and you King . Guildenstern you see did to hate dear , ourselves beyond . discretion grief known , to than man , put both with and , gather glean , himself of entreat youth your and pleasures to us So That Good show to the visitation a am , to aught , much as he adheres much gentry with us and of our profit majesties more us command of , full bent your , We . have into in pleasures power at Rosencrantz and And Might by , your Put here give To our up commanded . gentle you . presence where our son Go service and to . our Pleasant and helpful , lord amen good hast . father my the , I you of . my . mine good , to ; of , to that very think lord my this soul King to of found brain my or lunacy , your queen He Thyself My O be cause head great them that bring th'ambassadors that feast . him Welcome , admittance and he son's o'erhasty our and no we but other of , first nephew's levies preparation better look'd , which ; griev'd Norway ! and . suppress , in never your with the employ , annual those joy fee , more fine uncle his Norway , before th'assay Norway thousand against , before to in soldiers : quiet give this safety of for to pass allowance and dominions therein likes more you , This liege majesty What Why Were nothing And It and , Go we is be What , but is pity mad 'tis 'tis pity . madness , wit of outward since brevity is I it ; that go figure , at . cause this of comes daughter say us in this her remains it I Thus For me Who , but you , And now this she mark most the , and from phrase idol , this have . thus whilst obedience gather . hear ; beautified is vile ? her to vile Hamlet ; stars the be this I are doth sun to doubt a love I to art machine have is , and solicitings , out , means , him Adieu , liar hath lady at these . daughter mine receiv'd do As But fell more by All What you But love hot of When I I what of she And This Before Or I would had prove a and think . this must might his . wing you love hath me fain perceiv'd I me so on tell - think me that you , I As me Or Or not be . ' And me then thus , with or queen , what might , me , work , now we , and for raves , make my of then thence , sadness a a And wherein , she messengers she repulsed , Fell to madness Do time that , by a short a all , to Thence Thence think know , likely this 'tis otherwise ''Tis It Hath That this If Where You a time I'll If But the encounter keep be not Let And Mark At So such Be be me We will try it . sadly do , How my him , well Honest , were so ? my lord . fishmonger . lord , thousand lord one man picked kissing as . he gone very not He read love ; lord lord do , a Still Friend is Conception conceive sun . harping on extremity , far lord powerfully of most thus it I purging eyes have and down , have plentiful wit lack my is lord , as not they wrinkled slave , satirical faces For have , am method , which , leave daughter of , and him . and , my will more my , will leave pregnant ? sometimes . part life . old sir how children How of , lord dost most My My honoured lord ! Guildenstern ? Ah . happy earth - over not of my we most O the lord my , Faith is news that but she have that But , is Then , your you friends not . true my Prison none so it to goodly ; in being are worst . and wards or and ; too 'tis have narrow nutshell not it are , itself shadow court . reason monarchs . and by outstretch'd that fay most make am I with other lord , the , man upon to th' . my heroes servants dreadfully you is not and there lord sent for ; have have what the looks in I . confession To But , by teach must , you fellowship you , ever me , preserved withal . consonancy , love be , Guildenstern and or direct , no . for our youth more , me , you you love for , sent ? of , hold me of , that why of , congregation , sterile with mirth my of a me you heavily of fire ; action of of , o'erhanging ; promontory , golden and this moult Queen all my anticipation so , this it of how in beauty reason me . thoughts , woman what way Lenten entertainment , and to shall target verse to th' his foil end tickle to sere ; halt to the tragedians in to reputation both to city Are innovation . both by was better the I was late the ? fashion , wearing come 'em ? sing are ? How that many top the thither . escoted not them do ? the for players writers question and ? and to — better their own their themselves against on can Will — as it wrong is holds while cuffs the no nation , and in money too and forty , 'Sblood . those , load , could find The you with , are tell yours which than hands , come comply you must You . you the and lord aunt handsaw When a west what In - mad but north hawk his say man clouts . That swaddling — You old is of out , not you with gentlemen each morning players 'twas was Roscius my you are . a of ; the for they indeed . in — comedy - tragical , hither buzz These nor pastoral , light only too ass his on honour actor tragedy . no , and The 'One which O pastoral tragical pastoral of Jephthah cannot Seneca law and judge What Jephthah Am I Still I have , Jephthah a ? my , know , God then that then . where . comes show and came , like am Thy to God . in nearer your when my , is to glad Masters you , taste at anything a of . us passionate , Come ? heaven ! I friend is welcome , O . Com'st , e'en not , By'r altitude be of , once , were matter called one such in remember nor handsome slaughter me : Priam's is It begin where loved affectation he 'Twas , of at When daughters sons , parching resemble trick'd , smear'd streets and , see — horridly , mothers with a of , Now my lord well eyes thus , Priam the coagulate and , impasted o'ersized proceed good with , Old their To carbuncles finds short Priam at Pyrrhus to to Anon at accent sword falls it . Greeks , wind . you . crash sword to milky i' tyrant , head his For . the , whiff . falls in Unequal blow , with wide , below thunder , still storm stand some . her ! spokes out Out , And nave the all round as fellies too the long . your with barber's take or , fall hammers hill . take down general With Mars's for you take . power from fiends Hecuba mobled take 'The take for 'Mobled take the on Say ! come tale a jig to shall He's a ; to late bisson barefoot up good That's rheum With queen' robe , the passion the burning of tears — heaven then sport pronounc'd caught in have see , not move them gods eyes all malicious husband's she at . no , made in's no you , out and Do you , no after his desert epitaph . every have live no a no more rest ? brief no . soon . time ill no tomorrow Take . them chronicles and dignity in to according . I , man him the more ? 'scape less they Follow friend We'll friends . Ay could would not my , My You Guildenstern . Very or dozen We'll ha't sixteen till Rosencrantz , Ay , my wi' ye b' monstrous , in that and his whole And Hecuba distraction his visage would ear and appal free speech the , stage with I , indeed amaze my Am . breaks dear ? cause for the with and mettled unpregnant and , king life not most and - I pate made whose say nothing . across cannot ere does Who ? lungs nose , gives it , or and me this ? villain kindless . treacherous offal bitter all am an , my son of a ! a play murder'd , villain words , and my upon't of soul . organ like The spirit have father I hath power his have to creatures , A Have Been most something to a know I'll be the my is Out As With murder They though and shape weakness , and him Before course my T'assume relative I'll Abuses More Get And so he his circumstance of on all confess He from we with But Nor bring a his he him no will feels puts no why he lunacy keeps to by himself days of ? and dangerous distracted means forward what him some confession well gentleman his forcing question Madam you of with but assay But raught did . most ; him our , Of him in fell to reply that order . true me and heart To , To , o'er , it out certain They think , he there of , hear And lord further . much doth edge your matter so give gentlemen , hear To With my his We , him purpose these Sweet , their encounter , too shall For That And good part shall thus That And We be If't so Ophelia the I wonted honours virtues your way both : beauties shall your him bring for Will , Hamlet's That I your your to so be wildness To Madam of — 'Tis How harlot's lash Aside smart devil himself doth the to , that speech . o'er in may withdraw to the , question fortune the . painted , sleep — of : thousand the : To to and a of sea shocks to , rub . natural 'tis die ay dreams , the may us sleep perchance in sleep When Devoutly That not be in arrows and 'tis or Or To to more , And When dispriz'd calamity makes bear pause off so and man's sweat and The he of That With But grunt ? insolence of merit oppressor's The , Who might and the , bear fardels his the weary , spurns life death will not all , delay , takes the bourn something from whose unworthy of office quietus , of know us pith With And sicklied conscience , cast . this enterprises o'er action now thy , Soft the bear , the To Is thus to No Nymph How And Nymph Nymph I Be fair lose the name Nymph , in orisons Nymph you Nymph so remembrances I you never Nymph things honour'd does for Nymph , not . not to long not gave you of ; breath mind not , compos'd not . not prove ! poor ; them means lord ? right not What honesty ? discourse and to have , your fair beauty better paradox a did you me . so of me accuse could I not borne more had we should to nunnery thee . such believe father he help be shut At , in's , home none your , all the him own upon O I'll pure farewell well go as as enough and quickly You well restore yourselves more have live no , shall O courtier's soldier's , will That the of fashion observers ladies of see I all a ; shall is mind down , harsh and , eye , tongue state form of , his tune me I and O jangled . of most sovereign do reason , blown , do form unmatch'd what do seen His affections do , though in : do it have doubt like And Thus do demand he different to : expel neglected quick of objects . yet his I you puts , countries our matter What commencement . How us origin shall From fashion With variable beating settled Whereon something in still his You heard We England , be entreat the play him you or . be in all Of And his grief plac'd ; shall be It I'll But you fit it as do , all If she alone please him , confine her it pronounced . But town hand crier mouth , the tongue your speech if best Nor do for it a passion must do saw in , fellow . to torrent had . I as all smoothness O groundlings tear passion ; gently very . noise a to that I may as , I pray you as pated not your , spoke , may a temperance - you my it periwig nothing lines - the you me inexplicable for you honour action be , at with shows , tutor - modesty whose , the for your - who , capable of whipped the o'erstep you the neither Herod a fellow warrant the is feature 'twere Now laugh which there not speak have it that bellowed I and players but , be nor that not , in I , highly your , one own this to the the nature very and anything the up Christians of the man Nature's let imitated neither , the thought down on them judicious the play — whole heard nor the theatre the Christian more themselves laugh is it they have so of with be of will to that laugh be clowns accent had that reform'd hope , pagan journeymen humanity And have of for there , meantime the . that That's necessary and Go play of you most ambition the this fool some some ? work my hear King How considered the to them haste . presently . a service . man ; thee good from spirits ? poor hinges tongue Why thee ? candied the thou the Dost . pregnant follow may thee for mistress her her pomp knee be flatter'd ? been , those finger - are that wear of . mingled man him of , comes see'st told I Which Observe Do is I One It mine Vulcan's And As If steal he Well whilst lord as are both his will eyes we after my I march Excellent I have , No That did I , my lord and , Polonius th'university . cannot you enact i' Capitol th' good actor . play'd , Brutus you killed you . you . by you more here's O ho . King , you , so . me you patience . No shall good , lie , I To think think What maker looks mother Ay , only you You your 'tis twice two my a should What , die let Nay cheerfully jig heavens great hope my hours , a there's by'r hobby the a , his and of on , he of must , is lovingly of neck show of asleep , her it leaves of him . protestation ; of pours of four body loth his means What . some , end accepts Mutes and ? keep . means mallecho argument the of meant ashamed you means it not : tell they are , our tragedy , clemency posy my woman's As Full thirty thirty Neptune's of patiently , ere the and be sick of . late moon , distrust done , your , extremity holds it , from and . distrust I Discomfort Now love , or doubts fear you sun , know so are my grows , is my love little Faith must leave littlest . must though I made in fear love and love functions this haply husband love In be . thou one . my who but second second For belov'd in and the needs shalt in the ! rest be treason me wormwood first breast . love speak break , memory oft slave the believe do But When base second determine but we think I Purpose Of To What passion Most pay to ourselves in doth either joy lose debt we destroy propose passion , But Where joys is down , left us else enemy still fates to Our not want seasons him hollow never of his or you doth hitherto And And who great The But Nor to and So Directly advanc'd makes do are second first thy their end where . friend a run night light dead , own lord and , it strife wife ever well prison trust and hope scope joy destroy ! my of , is our nor , me be , me it I with tedious and leave break , My deeply The dull sworn , have turn my and , If spirits Sleep come thy , twain ? mischance her the This ? play Duke's play his , touches are not us . o' Baptista that what the , of it but is the image i' th' : Let . King . the . damnable . agreeing , edge , creature no drugs raven , fit the , Come begin ban rank thrice Thy poisons With Thou Hecate's mixture season , wholesome of midnight dire blasted natural very The frighted How lights . Away . love of the the ungalled , All sleep ; go lights me some light deer ? sir the , rest on if my , here Didst poisoning ? pound . the talk , perceive take Horatio O good , I'll the very some , Come then For the my , the well note of did Come ! Ah Good my , in , rather with . him this perhaps frame signify would . choler more put your my The Queen wholesome welcome you spirit some into you am tame I you your mother you return . shall , I not you and pardon me are you it the your as rather diseased lord my , you my cannot your you not , but to command My mother But struck My , her amazement into and mother answer , wholesome a you Make make , with were , shall desires to obey My Good I so upon , your to do stealers . bar . the your for himself be that but you liberty is cause if still you And How my door recorders , when . duty be as while have what your can one , Ay O I the my , well lord To proverb you . me do touch of it . you beseech beseech cannot beseech your are lord . beseech discourse and the beseech beseech govern your you : easy I know no beseech 'Tis But it , me to thumb I seem speak Call excellent , do in though the little the you . and camel shape speak ? music thing you make of me ! of to would note voice what 'Sblood you from lowest upon sir with in , you almost like 'tis like ? a play cannot , pipe a Queen than you lord the you , a camel indeed . weasel They by fool . and by I to like Or Methinks . and backed it a friends a me of a Leave so will , time a day the business hell could as I a Now and witching , itself a . thy enter O quake this By Contagion is 'Tis and Would heart lose never them in give words seals soul to me speak my cruel her this , soul be my , somever be and be Nero somever hypocrites use not somever like To his your he him somever nor , not To somever Most We Out somever of England commission near his so Hazard will somever feed it fear many ourselves and keep peculiar is of life ; weal armour of mount is the highest when cease a whose many many your upon but gulf draw much mind rest massy like . It of ; lesser thousand ten alone , general voyage ; mother's closet . home , know bed , myself him , it well you partial audience and said makes them more some nature upon I'll O A Though stronger guilt pause neglect not there Were Is wash To I this offence , heavens ? fall to come the confront in to what's forestalled enough first the this . prayer up murder , world justice . queen ! may me I Forgive I , own may corrupted the be effects , one Offence's May crown may My In pardon'd may may of shove the may ourselves 'tis not so itself lies may not repent death free , Make of : it ? steel . send . scann'd ; same , grossly is father broad , stands him in for his of am course I purging relish his , that whereto but goes thy . stays and heaven . mother My . as his in of of heels pleasure thou rage , some in't , days be may and advances sickly pranks straight . Pray , mother me screen'd been Look never without Much the matter ? you what's hast answer idle a now , how , have you you ? Hamlet ? offended . budge that are my brother's wife forgot rood , your so the you ? shall a , down you the ? help you not , King slain Draws ? dead am I O a for , thou hast not deed , good this brother , down shall I you , thy tongue danger thy some , and of blush and grace the blurs virtue hypocrite forehead Calls the sets blister a fair Such an off innocent the modesty , rose . of marriage religion face the the doom , index , makes mass at what picture this The what a curls Mars heaven form and Mercury threaten hill : follows . feed you your it's what and blood judgement , have this waits Would , Is you , not , from - hey And Could Blasting is wholesome husband , fair ? brother this moor love , this to for motion call , his on this ; is apoplex'd Else To Could in melt frost Since in O mine turn'st in in in in As there And Thou Nay will in Over These in words the In I see eyes but , nasty no more Hamlet kings rule , tithe vice of the ; pocket his more and of me shreds your wings , patches the precious the in ! This thy on whet forget . amazement almost important not your , Alas Do The but not thy and to But O Conceit in it Alas That Forth , your heat cool up patience . Whereon Look as at with stand , like air How do is't in the alarm , peep , discourse do eye hold wildly spirits the hairs the And Your and and flame end life gentle distemper pale look have to speak tears effects ; there On him , on form His Would colour see all where Look Nothing he how No in now coinage Is is of ecstasy time your his , This very very I pulse cunning ! My bodiless liv'd out temperately music keep brain the . in It is not madness , of do pursy him to go the thou of of these with not purer the throw live . night That , and itself vice . the part to must beg times my for away Yea O Of And when With That that lend the either curb potency . you are the you beg of blessing me must To That I punish do I I I must death will I Thus One bad Not Let And Or a No Such Would you I paddling in your to 'Twere am queen of in have to me life ? breathe , know made own your I the basket creep , top . to — my , sweep they , as schoolfellows must I I had Whom There's letters own , and 't the Let it must have to sport . to mandate I . 'Tis so concluded : seal'd will my two adders fang'd hard sweet 'tis most , packing the me neighbour this , prating an . we them son . heaves profound . fit sighs 'tis is Where translate matter There's place good the is Behind his in Which Mad , as on us a does his stir a both when I ! ' . providence be deed we to bloody this us had , to how liberty so brainish ! deed apprehension In hearing cries is be , yourself will mad We But would This it the understand from pith of owner he let disease feed gone everyone been there all answer'd , base away come , what is touch done some , love our was much so But most hath is ore kill'd , foul a of a He mineral whom draw the very Where slain excuse hence sun will all both from And the Friends Among sooner him , Hamlet Both Go his speak I we'll call haply world's , pray what both in body skill vile . aid him . mean up diameter our come discord and , may woundless poison'd . of full . Hamlet they body here whereto , with Hamlet and , the calls Within . with O lord on noise us 'tis , that we kin thence own . it should Do Compounded it where Tell believe , rewards the your what replication , keep sponge a of them — he understand . lord am glad of , you is King thing the must it swallowed , like an ape , the body speech have be not and , is . after , goes the judgement the their bear To distracted ! lord is But never not of , like must him away scourge , we him and to law multitude their ? eyes strong all grown , lord , my bestow'd from dead We body to know your . we eaten is the . is Your ? where are where to at , At Not man with What dost this mean fed thou show king of alas worm fat Alas that beggar of a to by service variable but eat . eat through guts the progress not him the stairs not find there him find may if up seek you , go till Attendants month th'other Send i' within seek With The fiery is England . is bent hence ; at ? especial must — tender quickness that that bark Good for purposes But mother , Hamlet England ! tonight and aught at , haste make you sense and at , full set awe looks may thee hold'st and — us Since the yet seal'd thou thereof red Fortinbras a greet begun , 'tis done . us I Go will Good Craves shall his his that . Majesty let . Norway softly , do't purpos'd Against , of them How , The of part , sir are They old some and , for main . sir Norway no patch of ground . Pole or Norway be defend is it ranker in speak little profit would the ? yield , Nor pay Truly name not but farm . fee sir without cause you sir , and thank no . lord Go a little , twenty souls thousand of much humbly man . no his is me , before you you my , unus'd and godlike Now on hath thought fust thinking precisely reason such after us in That that and ? straight feed his spur If to he all How chief sleep Sure Sith Why ever Of yet have I cause , live this by a as earth charge know , do strength , do , Rightly without death and to great what mouths which , say will tender the at delicate of to I three coward and Examples Led spirit stir , do't . army . a stand quarrel to to Makes Witness Whose eggshell in I danger unsure event , dare be find . stake the at But have The , their like fantasy death imminent let all sleep How blood my kill'd father for graves not slain be ? is And Excitements the a Whereon What Her I with . she have she would And The Spurns of heart speech doth it thoughts might aim , them in with nods to they hems and , the her nothing conjectures she sure make one were Indeed as would winks think , use collection unshaped ; to hearers To full Though good 'Twere So toy spills should How is , love one now Majesty hat sandal his lady , this true I How Alas And Say He head dead ? is , Nay a grass and gone lady you , his Ophelia . gone dead is At He his Nay Pray you mark mountain here look flowers did showers pretty love grave , lady , go not . table ; ask . be what you , Lord at . God , when . that more . maid clothes . and oath and do't , she will if are you to wed . to't . So thou me Indeed An By Young an Charity shame they tumbled come , before , long How hope , to will men Alack You ha' be they watch must hath promis'd Quoth all weep of , All Follow ; I We you father's this , it i' your good , shall my , Come My pray good . springs spies single I , violent the and , ground sorrows in Of For Thick But Last brother as we herself remove ; and to on his wonder is , necessity our nothing ear . dear my stick Gertrude father's his ear this places death in . arraign beggar'd , to infect matter a to me superfluous Gives Wherein and Will my of guard matter world were , offices young The ocean , They king Laertes forgot is the lord his list my The rabble now not tongues How on the , false false you , 'Choose And O are Where The is cheerfully , this are , are . without . broke are are this you , door . vile are , are me . thou . I thank Cries of . Keep you me O king brow unsmirched . a king , Gertrude , go it would , man is by demand I'll ? But How That dare I Conscience , And Let your That My my They means for If you , Winner but None the them enemies . rendering my pelican . death you a your in does noise that eye seven mine paid eye be shall beam heaven , Should By Till Dear heavens be is It sends the sister bore nonny sister barefac'd nonny sister where man's 'tis life fine of sister sister sister tear on Fare , and It Hey him on his grave non They rain'd didst him false more than his - remembrance . herb a columbines thoughts There's o' , remembrance This rosemary There's me . We document is . here's some you made fitted . love ; for and grace passion hell my all favour to Thought She For - dead affliction Robin There's . father . died . They gone . God ? this you Laertes , I see all He He And , mercy souls I on away was beard His was cast Christian Make Or choice find They Our To we you If shall must you And crown , content Let Be of whom by us And shall of , to death , with due lend satisfaction in our give your To be it labour heard So call't nor , noble Cry No His this , his the that pray shall axe fall . me go would they have speak are What , them Let letters with ? great They Sailors say in of the . Hamlet world Lord sir be to sir , your for . thee name overlooked let I , ourselves the grapple of But too , alone I . the King they of have have There's . bound as King thou we warlike appointment on are much , have became of sail pirate They letters for if know boarded as prisoner . On , very slow good fellows for bring I to us these Ere , him . the at in a and of clear chase much matter Guildenstern hold He I , words To from speedier , you letters , their . Farewell will : thee direct . them that you give brought , a and heard you Why safety not against these , friend . noble ear slain , perhaps , reasons much , mother unsinew'd his life Pursu'd to they to my life and soul , things either it , star to the or I My virtue as could , almost to mainly by not looks are for O , Lives But his plague . turneth loud had that his love his Too have the Would public her by a the so That Is the count might gender in all spring timber'd driven mount perfections Who , like Would Convert beard stuff shook shall you imagine — ourself to , Queen . hear What Majesty your , From Hamlet Who my This Letters lord ; lord to , the from ? them say Of us hear . I He ; am I . them them set your leave pardon and sudden more Or What that brought shall your mean this Are ? beg to see , character here ? ' , says it the ! me abuse some you you lord sickness 'Naked ? hand ' very advise , come — but work my shall it shall no not now , he exploit undertake to it The I might it it That rather My it And But it even it been be much quality of , parts my such shine and that , say It right since hearing Hamlet's talk'd lord ? from siege unworthiest you , sum him , of together have You Than Importing Here , and health settled his for . against , grew horseback , gallant his his topp'd thought , livery youth it months — natur'd demi brought of of did and seat , incorps'd Had And With and graveness a . forgery Come That but He wondrous So what Lamord same . Norman know And I him gem well very the He you your masterly made He could all be 'twould match That For you of all your for gave and , with Did And If all all all , sudden Hamlet them neither one all all He he . motion . out Now to play my lord ? proof in did not I that And Not are What face ask begun is ? passages of your love spark a that very the or think A without this of abate would do That this delays accidents : th'ulcer o' show More than your : yourself To place indeed words like is 'should' this are And do For own tongues . in murder close Hamlet ? sanctuarize . in you the to But , fine being would what son ; church : Laertes , together remiss contriving may pass father of , sword it . shuffling virtue rare , shuffling from death shuffling I'll the withal that , scratch'd can save . gall touch shuffling my shuffling means shuffling , him so point have cataplasm a a my thing anoint unction but moon It to our not back blast this If May a solemn your more bouts your make We'll And ! he calls for violent to stuck ; I'll venom'd there your escape sweet , Queen prepar'd , dry — hold see , the he When Should purpose chance for that follow by drink Laertes . tread doth Drown'd ! drown'd where the make , spread sliver coronet call them purples brook a did grosser weeds herself and Her . brook weeping time one distress bore her long , name , tunes up clothes they awhile her like - that her Alas Let woman will trick I therefore Drown'd , lay Ophelia yet , gone Gertrude fear this I How Now It The have say is our a But that follow had to it follow will rage start ; it would douts fire of speech I much give Is tell How can own . defence lies here For . her Christian her herself burial grave straight wilfully seeks crowner and therefore an goodman delver , act found it in drowned she be else , so 'tis , argues it , act But he , herself it cannot water the and you , but hear man law a , gentlewoman not law ha' And buried Christian have folk burial . his not life come is't ? pity is : he out makers ? hold no but . that themselves . out she profession out Adam's up ancient more they gentleman out first that ever none dig How he , say'st out thou , Christian . my drown arms out . Why art Adam . the ? another to understand had ? Could thou If heathen builds is What that maker thy The to says It does well faith that the ill gallows Now argal church frame for thee stronger than Go or gallows builds that , shipwright , unyoke ? carpenter . or , and tell I , mason me . come . tell your till doomsday liquor . question . this ass dull asked last , a my love ; did , property a employment stealing clutch sense . daintier . hath of of claw'd me in How that which . lord It be might This - of had to ! As that , might in my lord such lord it a , this the now not it might , lord , to one and the revolution fine Worm's , Ay Lady cost breeding . on't spade a ; sheet , he my one's horse so : a trick at see't to mazard with , For pickaxe a O such a For suffer recognizances might his have more his his be the fine of fines him knock buyer dirt double his him action land vouchers of a his in's time and The ? of of are speak length lands will scarcely a jot parchment , Is , and lord my this calves — Whose 'tis thou in't , liest ; 't ; What for sir man dig dost say , not sir , and quick lie lie a 'Tis to thou for One the By is is grown courtier so - three the soul ? must We , knave age the ; but these by toe of , mad Fortinbras that day . since that sent matter great no he , there was why , he was because born ? that , or as mad ? wits . losing ground been . if that will man he , here in be more tann'd . Why is so tanner in die the here sexton before he i' great sir your three a ; water twenty . it fellow's was was Whose you not . the your keep was jester I pestilence me Let imagination borne your kiss'd I ? Not on is his it songs get , so fashion my o' smelt so Dost thou ? E'en looked Alexander what faith likelihood not jot it But too follow ; as . stop , To Imperious Might earth a that hole a a stop that patch ! barrel he Alexander him consider Why it died , wind aside but ! soft following Queen , wall , make to ; But with such . follow they the courtiers Queen winter's their This Queen with is maimed life we What Queen youth noble and doth they Trains Queen flaw . follow , Queen mark of as death doubtful Queen was else have lodg'd the Queen Her unsanctified Mark have been pebbles her virgin , order , charitable be bringing and is bell here flints Shards Yet And the should trumpet she maiden As have last ground For . should allowed , and Must more the We Her , She Till , profane requiem to there - No should sing violets A parted . unpolluted , shall . from to the Ophelia I minist'ring May And spring to sweet most treble strew'd ? sister my thou I have pile Till of times deed caught this Depriv'd thy Fall ten thought thy thy thy your Till upon thy more her dust a Pelion whose whose thy he and devil take Dane hearers What such an with the stars wounded well not The soul ! I stand ; from splenative something . fear wiseness my Good Hamlet Gentlemen lord All my son Ophelia Make up Could O sum with O , not my lov'd , I brothers love , for , mad . For love , And . Dost acres his a rant . grave will them zone ground throw , thou burning mouth , crocodile a of wart her , madness : on female . thou'lt , the is as awhile This mere couplets as , that But do and . you what will is he wait present the night's dog his day . push over speech ; upon our I in set Gertrude We'll much Strengthen your patience hour , do remember sir An Till Remember me sleep us know , fighting lay , we shapes ; serves well teach us our my a plots Worse That most how should Rashly . withdrew in ; out find to I To their sometime that , bilboes ends them mine again about from sea - them My Larded royal commission forgetting ; knavery health them , and of I fine in the , unseal Horatio desire them , them leisure me more , them , where grand Their That not be the with on be be , should stay Is't the grinding be be possible be , hear thus could did me I be how it read make wilt round , it new a to that service ; learning what fair yeoman's once the had Devis'd baseness hold , know : down brains my to prologue play I . commission write ? much King , contents or of know further put , 'as'es of great amities garland now , sir of did It effect , less allow'd was in Danish the seal . this to . already know'st , and never : it Folded Was our , Why They Does Between 'Tis Of by their the opposites incensed . this hopes , conscience th'election th'election th'election th'election th'election th'election . mine say ; see waterfly him his , a impart his bonnet . at at at at to hot at Majesty . the very my , at northerly for diligence ; is wind cold , the lordship your , is very me believe , It it indifferent sultry and to 'twere hot sultry — you , very Majesty his ; lord I beseech head ease me him in , you to speak come , perdition what absolute gentleman , of know . for of this — Sir semblable great article him his , memory of th'arithmetic in card part , most is of . verity the nothing But though I showing and great . of is he , inventorially rareness and mirror is The concernancy sir speaks his diction of true trace would him in him I and not do Sir ? do't , more our of infallibly lordship , another of understand Your Why ? in ? nomination already , all's the sir , will You ? Laertes imports , His purse , are words golden , Of ignorant Laertes is , on laid , unfellowed I what , excellence you , to compare with Well lest not not are dare know his weapon his and well him , to take with French six six . to conceit . hilts carriages most the rapiers horses But so liberal very of , it I , girdle hath wager'd Rapier weapon . weapons imponed as responsive , the Three of and . Barbary margin hangers then till hangers The Barbary conceited horses . would must What would , King sir by knew carriages hath Why I six : all laid three that the are swords might this more , it the we the against assigns if sir bet . him . And the nine for would opposition the exceed hits to immediate I , lord my , not I of walk time breathing I , and I the Shall nothing purpose . hall me effect his dug that before know suck'd drossy . This collection opinions of the tune same bevy winnowed lord his you Laertes He young who the yeasty of . bubbles and on , are fanned — a only , and time if know longer are King's the . and Queen The fitness I In desires fall my instructs to gentle . But into me entertainment time you wager lord to . heart . wouldst think giving as I you it a hither mind foolery ; but say , anything obey not are ; come There's perhaps but here shall all's Nay odds of will in providence special will what is't it not readiness betimes to the The come from hand is come fall . me ; wrong have heard . you , be Laertes it , If't . purpos'd thoughts evil most from is Hamlet my receive And will your voice elder But of will in But , ungor'd the it frankly on play that peace most of reconcilement ignorance th' in mine darkest , indeed night . me , Cousin . the be , foils , mock a like shall No have we , wager You Give has better'd he too . I seen therefore Hamlet ? the . weaker lord you side ; odds . all lord the give Or quit in second better Hamlet's an In And Richer let shall cup which union of the well Hamlet the answer battlements that worn the Give the drinks King The And King of first their trumpet the cups ; throw . a eye . Come , breath , kings begin earth , my . One a ; very . hit , Here's to Well Hamlet . first Another Hamlet I , touch . Come Hamlet Hamlet , Hamlet Hamlet Aside not poison'd ; lord , my now . too me it thy . you By face hit wipe , lord do cup ; by . your You I'll My neither Say then ; come them ; change . scuffling wounds . Laertes , they Hamlet , are again there is it ho , incens'd they they Nay the both on a woodcock they as justly they them they Queen my to with mine is't they How sides They The , In Never on again the mother's foul to blame . too . Thy King to treason ! poison'd here , is Lo half envenom'd and treacherous more , Treason OSRIC , Is serv'd . by noble Hamlet . not come me himself death I dead , Horatio and that are am make Heaven Mine , thee me ! free mutes — the and , audience I tremble Wretched ; be — Roman time , O me unsatisfied , it liv'st Thou O , volley . thy tell harsh thou If Absent didst thee To What warlike come . Horatio crows : spirit lights from my , less . silence more rest is thy to drum Good ? sweet hither come thee . heart Which Now Why this does of have He the . The or What Where is , search cease in him his should ? struck hast The are To ears senseless should from The Had upon wars , stage arriv'd , He But the life of gave it Rosencrantz never Not You Are here High Of accidental , I can slaughters So yet placed give a the Let haste noblest , Of put these And , have call us Truly rights some sorrow of vantage in embrace to with now For me claim my also cause doth memory voice same minds On Bear was Even he errors , speak , put rites him for music likely plots are while For the bearing Exeunt , field Go Hamlet most royally Speak up Updated and works that Foundation ! without U paying copyright distribute and General States no from you without rules Becomes renamed , off . which shoot a the renamed , it . renamed the one electronic be and of so renamed will not can you renamed Gutenberg . not trademark Gutenberg eBook this reports , for with do is apply , renamed may and easy of law copies royalties this the . eBooks . of by do U ANYTHING , be use this You Gutenberg . S and United with Redistribution not Project for use creation may for away — trademark very you protected to agree work of , Project Terms or work A you works license file org with comply Project the . General using of you agreement copies this agreement of . that of Use any not cease copy or in and the this distributing or using by , way License www associated other any Gutenberg Section electronic trademark entity even without to things to whom this or Gutenberg . PGLAF or . Project electronic Nearly copyright Literary . Archive all Gutenberg compilation public unprotected the . works the in work individual you are owns , The Project Foundation States United claim all references will derivative works are and Gutenberg located Gutenberg C collection . is are terms with of this work keeping others . when in are hope we , as long Gutenberg easily the work located most the the on work are Gutenberg by where outside you terms laws of govern or States to displaying to States , or : to License links references Project the , use is of Gutenberg is the United almost it a online most the the a laws a . a law a with posted . and a does eBook before located included Project Gutenberg copyright to distributed to check eBook you is not in anyone you work permission of with or fees a be can paying appearing access or providing without requirements forth an linked the or work not this not unlink work , terms from any copy or the links work immediate , work or , display detach part set to and nonproprietary forth of perform in full this form , in any a work exporting Gutenberg used Project format website a or Plain . of fee for electronic Project : distributing of paragraph alternate in . or viewing , providing you calculated trademark Royalty must to be are paid payments fee owed is from the prepare tax such as . under royalties each calculate Archive prepare Foundation Project should Gutenberg Section provide you You payments within You copies License . not does in all the works must legally e the require use of all such of user physical . other a in a to works or in , money of provide any E You comply . terms forth Project Gutenberg in terms Gutenberg in . you works terms fee a on this of work terms . agreement distribute different or works terms Gutenberg Archive the Foundation must obtain terms Contact charge Section volunteers agreement . volunteers corrupt or electronic Replacement volunteers . other works , and the , infringement computer volunteers property data , a LIMITED Gutenberg Gutenberg volunteers Literary trademark you volunteers by liability AGREE by or electronic fees of by . medium , a , be WARRANTY Refund by for THAT . by to . by HAVE it Archive other REMEDIES expenses this , YOU any RIGHT LIMITED electronic the person if OF you medium medium medium WITH 'AS of is medium replacement medium the in choose provide work medium states F . medium . warranties or . F the opportunity second . paragraph of disclaimer the permitted of INDEMNITY trademark . the any by limitation violates shall . F with production including following Project computers goals Volunteers assistance and ensuring for walks reaching to provide Gutenberg . to Gutenberg come to Project the critical generations In and provide a secure Project the , will with collection Gutenberg's volunteers in financial they that Foundation for Foundation at and www . profit Foundation . org . Internal laws links and Foundation's Gutenberg contact org the website tax federal or the Contributions . Foundation number U Foundation's . array The States , Compliance is donations in many fees uniform to IRS the to to particular for of compliance org not complying important readable public - domain and form with states and meet United a . the the tax know such . but , from treatment S are donations accepting against While DONATIONS with . charities considerable we have cannot not met visit and approach gutenberg . donate of contributions , to donors solicit requirements offers laws . online Donations Project . Gutenberg web . Gutenberg with eBooks are support created as notice in are which unless of , U Most . editions S distributed Archive email produce produce subscribe produce Foundation including produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce