! Stand Stand . hour . Stand . Stand , Stand yourself Stand Stand Stand upon heart guard at . Not Well , watch , my rivals and , make night Horatio . to I good soldier place my has what Horatio ! Barnardo , of farewell Barnardo . is him again . have has , A piece Welcome , Say , What belief twice . him , sight I again the have eyes this minutes hold this Horatio Welcome but our seen apparition speak to of along this if tush Sit once fortified awhile we speak of from night of all , the part and Marcellus King the that's to it with , beating one bell The Peace art In sometimes Together Question be Horatio . of time buried warlike night Denmark thee charge . charge , speak I , How ! Is , you more than ! believe ! like King ! the own something ! and ! You the Of my ! So frown'd he art th'ambitious As Such he When was smote He gone With in some bodes But Good , Why nightly toils same gross down of the foreign such , Whose At Doth night , that joint that this sweaty the with inform so by by of Fortinbras this to ratified forfeit Did slay this side prick'd on know goes ; can can our to Fortinbras emulate competent , lands , Hamlet , the those compact esteem'd world by and life by our most in a his conqueror had all which the return'd cov'nant resolutes some list , to unto our hand lands , it take , those , doth hath And by source the father So his of a is foresaid this by state figure so rummage think Well Comes That stood ere high is and tenantless mightiest palmy trouble to and state mind's so this that our it this The Of most A Disasters in the sick gibber the of , events fierce , the with the . demonstrated ! again me and where , blast countrymen , earth coming eclipse stands empire on earth precurse earth doomsday like harbingers the earth Have , hast any behold And earth our to Speak art Speak to earth grace . uphoarded the if treasure hast O , it earth use be to , earth fate earth walk , life to avoid in thy spirits of it at strike will speak may to privy happily thou , it Stay Stop Marcellus it 'Tis , my with you in death , I Shall Do . cock thing . sounding morn throat trumpet the mockery invulnerable , the and that fearful our as the wrong offer is vain , like to , the , heard warning earth or , air , abroad strike , then singeth 'gainst that season stir probation , takes are gracious , nights The hallow'd nor wholesome say dawning , morn charm to time , long is all dare , no , Wherein of , it . so high power no So No I heard , the o'er Walks our watch ; for upon my eastward and impart us Break , needful you Do do't Let's memory yet of , Laertes and our , contracted be Lords To with sometime as Therefore we auspicious With we Together , Have scale funeral and with , one equal , have we herein and delight have freely gone dole worth our dear frame Fortinbras young death advantage of thanks , out his us of and supposal weak , better wife nor For you of to state follows He hath with disjoint of know late pester all for here writ hears Fortinbras : is business the To Who , Of further lists bearers Giving business , For the these your than Norway , made , dispatch here power Voltemand Dane , Laertes what's reason not thou the beg heart the is not voice . my more instrumental And some of What offer wouldst hand your of to the asking to thy , thy ; France to , Laertes , Denmark , to coronation I , father ? to in lord Your and though wishes your What my to at and my time seal'd will , thy ! and at than leave hard toward my hour my little . How is you will ; beseech fair graces , now so Not thine Hamlet Do let Seek 'tis common with lids . dust the you less and much too die . must , common to that lives vailed friend nighted colour on the is , it it madam through , If be it all , nature , black , good I it inky cloak 'Tis These But have are Together the but mourning , your in that a trappings know these lost obligation An what A understanding know the we most vulgar must any For Why to A Take ? fault reason be and still who , a sense be peevish to opposition thing , be in Fie be against the be , a and and a that you to our be common theme today died to be 'tis be fault to nature heaven hath to fault absurd , cried earth note throne of us son bears in school . you father toward back Wittenberg , Hamlet today tell again , away ! heaven ! of winds beteem ; king ! not loving that she , roughly ! too increase on think fed — on't A little not ! which she those thy had ! would Heaven grown a is old ! woman body , uncle mother — reason — even father tears to . to come cannot to wicked speed sheets must I . tongue eyes unrighteous Within married . more Hercules brother father's But The , am Horatio ; you name my good , my I I And your or ever , sir . so say own no you affair truster it make To Nor We'll , you to do lord came I it prithee I Indeed coldly Would , was to not think , met furnish ! The it marriage funeral mother's . upon foe day seen , Thrift my my Where I lord The Season With In the Two thus Armed Goes slow point before jelly stately by - and , and fear ; whilst they thrice - their gentlemen walk'd eyes time true ; me distill'd , in and father the ? we to it once . watch ? this crew sight from shrunk cock ; did . address would it away speak loud , at And the vanish'd sound very it you indeed did , From but . troubles . my ? you toe head his ? my my my up anger my . my ? my ? frowningly my upon eyes his , very sorrow or red ? in his What , pale Nay Pale countenance fix'd And Most would I have I much haste and Longer Not His While like one , when beard have sable I warrant hitherto tenable else be hold to you , my though pray conceal'd hell father's itself , all still tonight but hap sight this , silence in your no , shall 'twixt I'll your . honour . loves Our duty visit you eleven to your to All the , as embark'd the , do . you . from me let convoy you doubt Do Hamlet a , but minute , alone soul , temple this waxes blood in toy own ; depends : besmirch fear now his you , loves further withal may is and it that his will , himself he is Unto The therefore himself And give the weigh main your head the Carve for health his choice whole state ; body circumscrib'd be must voice the he Than , unmaster'd fear she of chariest 'scapes Virtue And canker And If keep Out The itself in shall steep and heart of the like not puff'd a the me And me long stay I Whilst A smiles blessing in for And Look unto , soul But Grapple them thy Of Of each do new quarrel , with of adoption act Beware , memory thy no and dull thy his thought by means in vulgar . steel tried with to as but may reserve few of being entertainment . true in , as as you as . leave as I blessing be thine as as and Ophelia in shall as What . Farewell the as as , is't What keep And keep keep keep keep keep keep it it between not keep to most you — caution my of affection his lord you ? Give and up me to . truth you green late me , so yourself , 'tis so honour the — understand his like perilous ; these to , the . wind Tender tender of more fool phrase , pay baby true poor the for yourself me . go speech , go . know heaven to . my woodcocks catch burns than heat , how I daughter the soul both this time - a From in of extinct prodigal is fire for promise more springes the light must something Set Believe And a given in entreatments your command so Than in their vows : it making your maiden is he walk are plain so , words charge talk slander terms and of tether may brokers , Lord is , show investments bawds , leisure : Hamlet . ways cold lord is my I shall ; air a shrewdly an now eager ? near . season the ? walk to , mean his is not . held does and drains Keeps And kettle he King Is of and trumpet his custom ; it of headed it to the in honour'd heavy traduc'd us clepe They From So their Since By breaking pales complexion o'erleavens — grace , or or . or man general substance scandal of The censure or the Look of grace defend or it livery , infinite particular health or intents in com'st thy a Angels with or , noble in Shall From Doth or Thou father To That Making Have burst their cerements bones in ! ponderous thee his op'd Wherein canoniz'd me thy Why Revisit'st , Hath we again again this mean , souls our should , steel nature . action courteous a removed ground it with Look with no will it set my what it lord then means follow ; the of flood , do again soul not It What And do Why , my Being I for waves thing forth me madness toward his place so madness It shall not go madness on madness follow still beneath . madness sea brain I'll madness And madness petty fate My You madness . thee , Go ! am , heaven I'll desperate not To . after will fit . rotten Heaven follow Nay , direct the what 'tis ; He Let's Have is Something I to sulph'rous up tormenting , and hour Whither , I bound lend thy when thou . hear . night shalt hear . unfold am to art I What am certain confin'd to spirit , days my to nature in done . day foul burnt could the and a for for the term fast - lightest part on porpentine must blazon fretful , List dear father not love — O be list particular thou Revenge Murder his to stand . ever God ! it best , most Murder ! the in strange with that , know't May thee apt weed fat be in . ease in itself shouldst to thou sweep of , the that me Now , Hamlet Denmark , life father's noble ear orchard . thy thou the this of whole , my sleeping than , gifts traitorous , Mine my prophetic , most won seeming my — his , adulterate , with that his off gifts incestuous wit and to uncle crown , seduce wit will wicked what hand made those Though of That From To lewdness court itself Will O a a it I Upon a . But wretch a a mine a Brief My Upon a a me let soft But a And and with And And a as such That And juice Thus Most was lazar - most wholesome eager with , like droppings it ; be horrible account my unanel'd ; my ! Denmark . soul to incest horrible for nature ! O imperfections bed bosom lodge once , else , Remember holds thee ? a seat ? thee ; fond away , from all , up grow not Remember ! O . O ? table . globe ghost of , the all , this , you , I And O bear poor , Ay , But , forms wipe . I'll In Yea trivial , of my . heaven live past , down . villain ! lord . my My , I . 'Adieu It O . one At So least uncle is Heaven Within Hamlet it secure Lord . So . be , ho ! my noble lord , my news How say you then Ay , I my heart Nor HORATIO dwelling in . the grave . lord , without more are us lord arrant an no There , hold every hath and that ; I You Such as as is These too Patrick much by And Yes offence know me you As O'ermaster't make you We . will not MARCELLUS . not sword my my , swear't . faith , already . truepenny work i' more Once my ! my stranger but this my Canst mole my to lay my Swear of my A Well my my There Than , more before , your never and so I soe'er your in your night , your disposition your on never - phrase your , if note your do . to help not your you , giving this , giving we they , me commend . So Hamlet giving , you is giving to you giving giving giving giving gentlemen in together . spite , friending O it notes these , lord my marvellous do visit him shall You it . to wisely Give What at , encompassment I first and drift come it you more , they Paris where finding of some demands , and , nearer question — him' do will expense what do this how ; said And , 'twere they know may he's and wild , and usual lord on ; well ; him , very put 'not wild so rank that swearing my , drinking drabbing . would ? fencing and gaming companions ; take ; marry , none him may You the , far so charge . quaintly that , taints breathe liberty mind , blood of the and they The But outbreak A I Marry breathe of you seen in youth a believe a with the Of man good , 'friend or closes He The 'twere Your Having ever party converse , him phrase and you , sir What about 'closes or , consequence' 'I the such , gaming with him thus yesterday out falling 'I There Or in with At then b' My I , my lord my have me . well yourself . I shall Observe his him , my lord . been of what's have the affrighted matter my to comes hell . purport before thy said , held all o'er thus ? so arm , down , bulk profound and of mine , shatter , he , lets , and all so went he last doors so He And being did That done so their on without his so stay'd up waving to seem . his o' with so sigh thus me so so so the me help eyes , command but jealousy ! opinions younger we beshrew did . might . King , love you heard kept the being sort the to to Guildenstern have it both him put man ; so nor did have sending hasty More That , th'understanding little vouchsafe draw Some th'understanding I So th'understanding To th'understanding so from of th'understanding of you with and up entreat brought youth hath th'understanding , in th'understanding him th'understanding , gather remedy you our king's us it and of have you profit am , two , he more whom As the show For by the dread your sovereign both ourselves commanded gentle some Hamlet visit Guildenstern Rosencrantz . your . to is , and . you Go you , where these him Norway been hast hold I Have I think the trail else to and do Hunts to , my As O that of hath — that to be admittance grace my source head I death shall our all your that son's he hath in . great that , of we no father's first which sent him to to levies of nephew's a His To Say , Most fair , Welcome from what , my good , 'gainst the appear'd ; truly impotence , out and pass , and for of dominions please you regards to safety , Whereon old thousand overcome with Majesty , soldiers Polack further , the give . us your night at , upon well we'll home for consider'd , therein more rest Most your at and , to Go Meantime , we welcome is madam be night , should , to , My and . time we'll took together ended expostulate , Your Your . all 'tis Your Your Your , Your . but Your madness no Your More farewell pity And Mad it Thus 'tis mad , grant him true A 'tis art at , Perpend . hear surmise mark mine — Ophelia . move , I . best liar doth be O , dear that Doubt at love best , these whilst hath time This And fell they But how she ? his solicitings by hath mine show'd daughter , above thee ear , me hath obedience more of I would I seen it your told , my my I given heart the desk idle No this mistress upon queen table mute love , thus , prince a ? play'd dear daughter prove If perceiv'd Majesty young Hamlet , done Or And herself receive she must Thence to into she , sadness a repulsed took lock then think fruits no tale a short into this ? likely that 'tis very , When it prov'd time , be know ' , fain otherwise ''Tis ? know I'd indeed hid will were . it , find further hours I'll time So he loose . try centre ? him then daughter indeed . does in sometimes At Let will farm We keep be But , board Away him Lord me leave . lord a are you know . You me , my well Excellent Then as thousand true a in carrion you have Conception you say at first daughter i' that walk I'll speak , suffered much What He to't , not gone my , my on harping , is look a . he in matter faces are their my I that not old All it be hold , that , you crab set powerfully wit eyes down and my method ? yet the of Aside is A out o' prosperously means contrive honourable cannot withal My , except sanity , could suddenly so not You sir the lord , except anything well you Fare to My excellent Good How , do , Ah . of true privates most , O , we is she ; news world's or grown . question or me honest or . at a ? or favours or , friends not or . her but that or good or that have near Fortune . Then is doomsday then 'tis world . my there To makes God , makes . nothing is it me . I and of that not were , ambition your in a a of the dream the very . a and , For . my ; for But attended servants I heroes is fay outstretch'd by GUILDENSTERN shadows . to matter I you in the I justly it ? dear am that should . and Come not . Is you at . occasion Is . Were Is nay , King Queen say Is come ; Is you ? speak my lord have Is Is there not have for Is , by by of obligation our could of rights sent , whether better you me . hold the sent , we my my anticipation feather , have discovery , mirth with my were an off why you your late this , other this canopy roof air seems it not King tell will excellent and to know the indeed secrecy of exercises , piece ? in a an in most ; earth , me , brave admirable the beauty is neither , what . say me nor so no a to you ; me is than a how express like yet was you then you delight offer you coted you — Majesty shall you his service use the be you , gratis the hither adventurous you sigh receive if you my the ; you shall plays king the me of , shall knight shall his shall — the and of shall ; blank the sere o' part ; the peace ; halt verse are players What to . say make travel they it think inhibition chances I their same indeed so , followed ? are not they when by comes , estimation they the of in late I . is of question , sir wearing and . many not it as ? say them ? do the holds money common players Will scarce dare and maintains grow are exclaim do . both their no should much the and ; succession unless poet O has , like afterwards , if make argument the , Do Is't . player was for a cuffs to went brains ? those , and forty twenty little give and . too . find King in natural . There , his for apiece this in something the players Elsinore to welcome appurtenance Gentlemen fairly , But . this north - welcome be hawk - north at you . ear of for say they an Roscius indeed it — actor . Rome lord . Mark in You was you . hither . historical the be and writ pastoral The The pastoral tragical best - comical of cannot comical each , heavy , liberty treasure had These what Israel a , ' ? I , Jephthah have a right my , call Am I follows , As lot then chanson wot the came thee and mistress ! masters O thou lady by of piece you , good welcome . heard , above speak What We'll the not to judgements caviare whose We'll a quality . for . top the matter in sallets phrase with I down honest than called more of begin the . of author , speaks this is With Hath When not dread gules mothers , to foot trick'd complexion black , smear'd streets parching damned and , Head and , horridly . you spoken , finds good accent he short arm to at Repugnant drives Priam Pyrrhus with at But Striking , well . lies command whiff and wind rage where Unequal Stoops As region sets speechless heavens reverend Which Seeming to his to Priam a a , And like Did death did , hammers - Pyrrhus' thunder . bleeding the . will to as So Doth out Now thou synod her from . of her gods , work proof sword fall , heaven sleeps . on Prithee or , bawdry . wheel fiends too with ; 'The queen' he the queen' good Say come is for fear and all of tongue in her husband's then malicious limbs , made of , at , heaven eyes . soon this and the she burning not has tears in's them clamour his sword her that of in the move mortal eyes gods have you colour more , of the let — Do ? abstracts brief of them you a and bad them . them live and them desert them Take them . Murder them for down and them not lord . them you I could my or . Ay Rosencrantz Very . well ha't lines till To , Ay insert , mock I'll welcome are My You Guildenstern my not God and , all aspect , in's wan'd nothing all whole his soul in a dream player slave peasant ye am I am I alone ; here own his to would stage rascal . ears would general guilty Confound the with , with for cue , free speech horrid the the unpregnant my cause peak Yet a and was nothing . property - appal amaze mettled for life , muddy a and - And Who A Why That vengeance vengeance , vengeance an my cursing , dear a vengeance I soul at sitting cunning the their vengeance I'll , scene , vengeance , vengeance , drab Foh that ! vengeance heart very with hell and heaven unpack like ! words , power but his that spirit have my ; blench perhaps grounds have play's I'll King of such my yea , devil I , thing spirits the the speak confession some . sounded aloof ? he well a Nor do find he feels himself will madness to means . keeps , disposition gentleman you . players that ? pastime told kind ; already we order . court your give him , shall We And drive purpose ; beseech'd To , father that , sent Affront ourselves Will gather of bestow may by so be I That We him of th'affliction you be , shall Will wildness him : part so your honours way hope , you Read , Gracious Ophelia oft to devotion's visage on so please this . may in colour book it , heavy O is smart How harlot's my ugly deed him slings not Whether The by No And opposing end and wish'd To . dream death what , to sleep there's die dreams mortal may time of . respect life , come , heir by ache - and the coil . rub , this ay , delay , make after whose death will ills we cowards pale of enterprises No But undiscover'd makes Thus And of ! their of know hue of turn awry , thy . day . yours to long well honour does Be your longed pray you Good thank , you No sins my , of deliver . lost compos'd them receive . prove . admit , My ha lord gives the once cannot loved so love I . lord relish deceived the I of nunnery we believed but stock it is it what into to it indifferent a that revengeful , ambitious , them I such proud have I very , to and ways to thy between , than ? crawling your lord . as to mother had honest were . myself better but more I be of sinners things me a breeder . am Go . may . house , you he . or earth nowhere of the play . calumny marry . of but for shalt . as give I'll farewell well snow ; powers a ; wise for heard face will , Go have and soldier's , Th'expectancy glass of The , what of most the , mould eye is noble as Those creatures . I see Now courtier's shall Blasted sweet have do not that what is of , vows of , deject and fashion all suck'd of Th'observ'd seen Nor Love seen I do his , His seen he seen the : he hatch seen down it seen seen seen variable seas demand quick which There's and our shall I Ophelia , his , grief , play you believe : on't think puts him you , thus heart ? What beating Hamlet said But commencement How Lord as please of My tell . the not must be wisdom send England their his it We if heard Of And To , let her best shall confine or think him find It unwatch'd trippingly had you do air I torrent must , to Termagant and who passion pated split are hear a capable a . avoid shows dumb groundlings the in passion O smoothness . whirlwind gently for me . very the saw it tear ; of fellow of , fellow you word modesty scorn it though , virtue , from the neither not purpose , the playing hold . Now this , be in your but mirror ; discretion own , pressure the players make very that allowance the up and overdone cannot to special . the of whose nature your be your let the of — that one highly of , which there must it have , or to the made . not Christians and abominably made and , had so strutted us clowns of most ready you a barren For those down fool Will That's considered though to be , themselves O is , the in the Queen now , two too make haste help What Here Nay That For , lord e'en as at may should the flatter from thy Why candied the pregnant fawning mistress . thou the knee pomp good ; hope , thee I hinges Dost lick do the thee crook And and clothe of for follow ? advancement but of absurd her be spirits poor , flatter'd tongue , her of thou been nothing election . are my Vulcan's I eyes will will both our . imaginations rivet his face heedful him stithy . Give to judgements my . join ; note foul as that unkennel in his that thy soul ; seen one have we ghost damned his ; a is the be theft pay will to 'scape detecting aught a Well a King Enter Guildenstern the a And a They of crammed a flourish fares the a with a - nothing promise this cannot a How chameleon's Hamlet Polonius . say My was . actor a good accounted there . by dear upon patience . me Be Capitol a sit , Hamlet my , your here's attractive ? your my lie my . lord between nothing - jig my cheerfully only , you your how long sables Nay then man's - She and declines kneels Enter . off takes a , on there's by'r heavens great he , two build Queen , The The the action woos to . lament show cannot the argument the of . and naught are to . ring a ? round our sheen woman's As times salt thirty Make us again is from distrust Discomfort That But in hearts commutual times you o'er Yet , it though former thirties . sacred and , many , far woe you women's love grow leave must I My Faith , is is aught from are made fear doubts littlest my this and functions , to behind kind . too shortly fair leave the siz'd , powers shalt , operant love second husband confound , their And None In second must the . be needs wed who but base A Which pay But , fruit birth , slave when Most To fall to violence own Their The ourselves Of The great a loves left , you makes poor That And man advanc'd down And thoughts Our Our wills orderly So thy earth Each opposite blanks give my die But Sport and our and fates , no thy to repose anchor's Meet An If what that in be face wife joy scope nor , and . would now it ? argument but , too you keep Is no there twain . us how her much , word no ; jest : his but what wife the King unwrung not I if . You Lucianus ; our it , my . touches . puppets . Let the keen leave . edge my fit no the Begin croaking , creature , and collected immediately dire shall . The You Gonzago Gonzago's His . of . Italian fire frighted , my some light . me Give , For some must The All play fares Turk Would Of Jove A , A know — Damon was players share . whole thou himself very have You rhymed talk my ? lord poisoning ? here reigns now and , the For , then Come the , some it belike Good me Come ha the the well music like likes history sir , of whole word , retirement marvellous . distempered ? richer more ; signify choler this would , and . purgation choler some to make , this a your your Queen not ; you to lord You not the breed your mother's be end shall say amazement my answer mother , sequel go you ? is there to no . into ! us ere closet mother ? love me . bed further any you admiration a behaviour says admiration trade ten with you Have . of deny . You and stealers by have , when Sir in proverb , can How recorders sir Ay Good be you if too as , one Let of the while To me see well , be duty that Will bold , cannot I do My O to lord , not do understand I me I pray you you . your discourse and ventages these govern Look know me any of skill it are these mouth your easy . breath it eloquent I look , me , compass cannot and now would . sound speak ? Call . you you . sir , weasel . by . like I say so will — whale . my Very by I , out the as could and , yawn the easily . by and time hell . Leave night thy , to bosom firm thy ; unnatural . ever thy hot breathes blood thy mother none thy . now Soft . on look to quake thy The soul be daggers words somever this be thy it thy , never seals my stands nor forthwith Therefore not madness your like him his he Hazard Most That and 'noyance Dies What's We and peculiar bodies life of armour massy wheel the depend cease much mind a . boist'rous King , will Arm Did For you mortis'd To huge adjoin'd whose ten which , annexment but . a with , this footed . us . closet I'll warrant more and audience partial . you you , Thanks the Though , O call upon is primal be guilt My And I . man to double shall cursed blood sweet offence Whereto ? form look up force of what my murder ! possess'd still did which since I , above so the But 'tis the oft In one be mine effects cannot serve Of May fault Or That my ? for crown Can My out the corrupted the to To limed stubborn ; Help of and sinews as engag'd teeth seen , and what O Be , may can what give Even Try Yet wretched be be state soul , O Art , soft be more angels , be Now And I be . it do he same salary full hire , sole his be so be And be took all With take him him circumstance father this do't reveng'd my blown and am of pleasure asleep know , a his his passage I course who grossly my is , the purging thought soul , goes may whereto The King but advances remain . black , stays and in't salvation no physic it that his words will up , that rises to bear broad lay go below him between . offended ? matter me him . me now matter Go And You No Queen you now how with , the , you shall can , you a you down you those wife mother , budge . my ? me so are you till I see , you O me hast ! done ? slain ! this farewell some is wretched , what a As king As To And let If damned is and proof wringing Thou of Polonius it , noise Calls the sets That What As false From an As And as fair hypocrite grace an there body , Heaven's compound against , visage an tristful of words Is an an an oaths of an O such a deed , index ? the , act act and upon here loud this was seated threaten herald the on and hill , seal ear , on this of brothers . brow Jove two , Mercury indeed - and did a on A Where To give every A the . Look leave you Have have . world husband your is you Blasting This Here wholesome this this on call in love this ? to in such ecstacy for have some quantity difference . What of hoodman not - madness ; Sense sure you have thrall'd so would ne'er was devil sight at without feeling you , eyes shame hell where sans all , grained soul spots . making live love tinct , bed and an nasty honeying , me daggers more like ; wings figure ? go lets to . your your gracious your in but But Do Is How lady ? you , alarm in in end the your your ? discourse your , your , on do soldiers wildly vacancy your your your , your , glares stones me blood ? do see Do at Nor did that I see . steals it ! test madness time your , ecstasy creation Ecstasy very That as pulse as utter'd matter from skin rank Whilst It corruption spread of beg pardon leave must to and past unseen For O Hamlet in live the away worser him what to heaven pursy yourself is compost me this good my , virtue times , these for , evil a monster Of Good And who the other cleft part it mine you , of doth and livery or yet sense have purer the . of actions angel likewise aptly With I And ; That To do of heaven this hath and , will minister , lord , out easy ; can devil change the you punish I'll And I me The will Thus Not on you bloat by the him ravel all neck your am a of his with pair in this , King cheek , good ? and , do shall tempt not paddling let What But For Such dear , the concernings , 'Twere , from good to And Make That mad in who Would that's Let of assur'd And fly in basket your What to be must forgot thou And I I own sport to sweep fang'd schoolfellows , I letters to and below 'tis . meet . this and foolish knave grave , packing most Indeed mother . counsellor your fit ? understand you Where this good lord , little These profound we son and wind does Gertrude what have , place on us a ; translate must had in The cries 'A ! ' there , base he madness very from of what so it he let , fit , kill'd Where like , hence shall for hath , metals is . body : aid with hath speak pray fair you . all , in out Into . And full air to . may . O . away . come of ! done it , 'tis . body ! Besides , it ! And the dead ! thence believe and a , by own be believe king believe my . son believe sponge soaks , believe that officers in squeezing believe believe , authorities Ay , sir But an : when believe ape ; and he sponge where the A body , such it tell the with lord body is must King , A but the is thing Bring nothing Of him and this eyes , weigh'd ; him body . the distracted scourge all away him must grown . bestow'd Or By Without where lord my Guildenstern my Bring Polonius where's in lord supper At . Where is where he ? supper Your . else all at ! fat beggar , variable we eaten is your ourselves , of . king worm ? that a hath of eat is us worm and end convocation A , alas Alas service but table one your and but fish with fish to him heaven this within seek month nose . go stairs progress Polonius indeed you He we Which do you . Go . if messenger come Attendants till this , for as tender , thine especial we — done . Th'associates The For Hamlet deed will . seek stay , must hence ; thee is wind help purposes ; our . everything For Hamlet them , it , not it , at foot I'll him hold'st aught thee at make give , thou sword Danish to yet homage Pays As Since like love thereof cicatrice to I . of For letters cure haps my sovereign death , my my Hamlet hectic me The my Our thy the process conjuring him Tell from me were Till the license ; England , Danish greet a would You of know his so my on whose , lord . do't are softly ? They some nephew Goes with and Or for speak gain the Truly to go hath five pay to ducats , Yes Two to thousand and to twenty this ducats peace to cause and to to to sir , to ? to . a you straight please with spur If his Be Looking thought That before capability in us , precisely on but hath , some . oblivion Bestial three live cause Why Whose by this yet A will will Is not eggshell fortune will an to the to find will quarrel Rightly , and unsure , puff'd divine invisible mass and . will How mother blood my and , see will great stand a stir Excitements all my will But a honour's When To hide to The let Even for kill'd reason of fantasy numbers a like not is the , from this for of shame thousand , plot fame , with not be have ? she , hems father things and beats her hears speaks use sense unshaped the There's She i' enviously collection thoughts move and , to ; she would What speaks The yet , she nods up half th' much hearers carry tricks And Indeed 'Twere good winks her Though spoken sure she my Each So toy soul in of Denmark . amiss guilt Majesty ? know staff . you mark , lady ? cockle hat ? shoon one turf , my lord snow the mountain go daughter at table Lord . owl , grave did ! upon Conceit what ask they when day . showers a . dupp'd rose be I a , maid chamber more maid out ! Ophelia oath , clothes , Valentine without Alack Young By By How An So all . And think will they , night ladies ; her Follow O from hope of to When Next Divided we from his , sorrows close With pestilent wants his is as herself not containing pictures inter her fair . Poor author whispers , places this arraign . superfluous and O piece my matter father's beggar'd death his , Gertrude noise noise noise noise noise noise , noise ! noise dogs Danish . they cry the clouds ' it false Laertes . king . king the my good Laertes blood of , O door Keep We you Calmly Give the is my true chaste , not a what it , Gertrude ? go Let man . is . be to not dead the this the him profoundest by But came Let ? grace and both Most They My for Of That my far all go with you them . revenge well . world not husband And to know the certainty , is't foe will Winner None know enemies and his but wide you thus like To his , That And I a Like to gentleman , speak , to to to , to fine ! May to to eye . that sense madness and rose O , a and where loves 'tis itself , of old an thing rain'd it instance . on him well my , nonny , hey dove the nonny ' O . master's stole down matter . pray It not him for that's you , is pansies for remembrance ! it becomes This nothing's that's , in madness may , your violets rue for but for . me will not come dead come death he come not is , my . hell prettiness all good end sweet is Robin , to ? God poll as again bed again . snow . soul his away he his was flaxen beard And as was All is gone moan gone , b' God Laertes Make me your and hear shall by they touch'd find They crown us direct , we judge all your that will apart you hand kingdom commune Do you this right , but our will 'twixt to — bones , to — heaven , earth question , heard rite nor hatchment formal be to sword No No , death I as must call't would the shall is let great . They that What Sailors I sir , be should not know from if Lord of from . Hamlet sir . a England to letter for , sir instant They sent have death I am to have too . I got were : England they , dealt they compelled us we these . him on On we put the what their . warlike the wouldst fly I did they prisoner . alone dumb ; thee course fellows Farewell . letters me . seal , nature But tell me , friend ear , knowing heart a these all up . things . Pursu'd . noble against not capital were stirr'd two , they by me you wisdom so in , unsinew'd , mother reasons perhaps conjunctive not Why That Which O , his my a , She's dipping Who Convert timber'd for to I where graces ; so reverted noble may praises driven worth Whose perfections challenger on But for that . revenge , wood that not so sister , have mount I had aim'd into a if desperate back terms my You the all of , now How Letters lord brought them the this from Queen . love teach will and You . pastime let father hope I your to that Hamlet they eyes on I When naked your my come rest such back thing no , Are abuse all and your you shall , beg 'Tis Hamlet's you Know Can , and the my very . teeth heart my — Laertes ? him a ? me rul'd otherwise How . means device choose in I , voyage . wind which more And for he now it , not if might I have been And Did As The light What they not in Wherein You did settled seen And Had witchcraft . incorps'd , French gallant this unto far Norman my Lamord . life , A nation same you of He is . very . He gave art I The the , report defence your most rapier out . guard , beg his him — lord , begun not you Why But Not think ask out Now What you dear in love is you this heart of a sorrow you to you your proof time did you you you And you you that know spark the qualifies that Time There kind Dies should there this easing comes hurts And That For We by But , tongues . father's undertake : i' indeed keep cut place Revenge Frenchman And put this shall you peruse wager unbated not a , little and I with in a your father for unction , simples dip but I'll of . simples a rare mountebank simples simples , simples death this this . through simples Therefore , are hot let Soft that this bad time our simples both further convenience our drift or . simples slightly , see you your second proof assay'd back . wager blast a violent motion ; there ? Queen sweet , Our by for chalice he woe , drown'd . stuck . purples , call and grosser daisies glassy , another's upon Your tread . doth O , the name a she coronet broke herself sliver boughs dead hang her . awhile of creature heavy from muddy poor the Unto Which drown'd Ophelia ? drink , gone , again this had to much Now Christian be in Is she on , finds and I this do start it let's Therefore seeks crowner . wilfully straight . hath she man — delver stands the himself but the drown , good you hear wittingly it , 'tis , if leave . this . to and he shortens , the this , own that life . not law law not Christian this had o' hang There is they or pity no hold : spade that more ancient ? bore ? but that their profession gentlemen that up arms that that none that Adam heathen digg'd . thee that He that that . thou — to the ? either stronger to a built faith the carpenter or stronger frame outlives that well is does It The in like thy Cudgel thy with ; The - pace maker' . and houses , that now are are are In brains are no Yaughan beating more about are he are makes To are contract hath Custom e'en Has I me with age stealing his of And hand Hath hath claw'd in him little , clutch the into could never been . politician my , one sweet knave first the ass this that How did ? not a it and an breeding . play to we had . a , sheet sconce battery ? and lawyer meet knave rude , be is for of his , with the of tenures of skull a cases of him about his his land recovery vouchers a fines his indentures more , must the too ? the action knock to great fine his be and might box This recoveries vouch box They box box and are to box box box a For think it be I sheep speak on't do quick thou again ? me the for liest from for . Who to woman , a the that How . age the so picked been By of a he year I o'ercame Fortinbras the that , toe — that maker these by the his kibe rest , galls three of that mad is tell Every , shall ; mad because be Ay was marry born ? he he it's came strangely strangely losing Faith , Very have been How e'en man will before A And your ; a . while Whose it ? was ? the trade ? is this skull years . do twenty hath you Whose . not know pour'd a , that . Alas poor most excellent and ; of . at rises My his ! know ? songs kiss'd it is on me your roar borne , see E'en fancy . abhorred lips those gibes Here be it . skull Yorick times thousand infinite fellow gorge to , at that an ? her trace smelt what noble dust 'Twere a jot it to , O to to But to Mourners to soft ; courtiers to the following Queen to to aside Imperious that aside aside aside that earth t'expel ! aside aside , Who Queen aside their rites such aside The it ceremony , What That And but that last She , bell strewments Must Yet Her in allowed allowed should allowed allowed And Lay sage sing allowed churlish flesh allowed allowed . thee howling liest allowed , Sweets tell from We the - bride thought I flowers thy Fall of caught . Hold , arms while head that in quick you the ingenious mine made head whose whose Dane This and stars wand'ring an What Bears Conjures with is such emphasis ? he phrase . hearers , the devil not thy though Good thy let wiseness fear them in me , will my , my Gentlemen eyelids O him wag ? fast ? eat me God forbear thou'lt thyself tear . whine crocodile woul't ? will her and our , throw mouth , so , thou'lt , dove disclos'd , night's last in good , pray you ever But will , matter . your son me let patience our we monument ; see Rashly bilboes . was , it mutinies for be would Sir Worse deep the sometime ; indiscretion a it Methought ! sir . You in my lay , should well let the in pall hew , us , to in the desire withdrew and them - packet their find out scarf'd from my about found and where and ; fine in , Up certain . cabin , them my , bold unseal Horatio , and reasons too , my in leisure and no and health head the stay and not and and and and They and Or could hold the write service of I labour'd me , to I wrote it my . down much now , do , How He should in that - bearers That And As England stand comma the palm might wheaten amities garland wear . purse ? seal'd this my the other day , seal : safely , Danish that of model the was the - did make near fell points comes opposites pass when my . upon , and king my th'election , me cozenage between perfect conscience be to , hopes proper not And is't for thee a , thinks't , hath must What the It a And But will the to am I short . The interim my tow'ring of forgot of court I . waterfly Dost know . and , I say him know as dirt of at were , Your is lordship the is a more fertile land Sweet will a lord a the a king's let 'tis in ; the mess ; a possession lordship to your it a I a I right all ; diligence lordship 'tis cold , cold me sultry , hot you — I cannot — has laid , a card and absolute , for most , me the suffers respect him in , him as his , extolment such divide , his definement inventorially would of quick trace most infallibly of umbrage diction of article But , nothing more ? sir him ? sir Why breath . really nomination this You gentleman do't will words . golden it — you , faith should excellence what I lest meed Rapier , The has sir , as wager'd dear girdle King he which , sir his What's and his ? weapon . and , against . well horses with hangers fancy very very delicate very , the you and by carriages you hangers . had . But . could on three , And him ? cannon Six a carry Danish a . the a , brought , it a gentleman a trial ? of If a you , nothing a I , a this effect To Shall , hold with lord my , in here I I , not I commend yours there , himself turn . Yours away that and them through through trial , encounter the dotes Thus drossy ; out commended Majesty you with Laertes him , Now provided King's you the all happy my , constant you time . coming some use this think do . I Since went the he You . win odds at heart trouble perhaps ; practice not all's but is it , you obey , and but dislike of not now be he not it aught what it Hamlet now , and sir you must a needs distraction hand . done have . and was ta'en Laertes , away Hamlet honour , heard , exception , denies Hamlet madness , most your arrow brother . the , thoughts . audience that Hamlet's faction is in disclaiming then His Hamlet I motive in shot my my hurt in poor a purpos'd generous evil most honour . come on it foils for one wager , play — freely ; Give And be Give them Grace the the laid You But since is too is not have the seen you side . Hamlet , a . table length . or ordnance , hit wine their third battlements an Hamlet's me , the throw . to , Come . lord No , Well very again , health you . is ; set what it awhile Another . Hamlet Here The Queen . thy . me on you make you so third you Nothing now , change , you come Queen the there you , both you . you you , Osric you own ho , Laertes you it sides How to kill'd woodcock a I No O villany It Hath In The medicine is here there treacherous itself no I The . can . to more . Never defend . thou , me . off , Here yet treason ! thy serv'd with death me come , temper'd . mother Exchange I his , Horatio I cause . Let cup me O good standing thus go a liquor some Never believe it . Dane , heart behind me , my . I'll , my my , my pain breath thy noise world my hear He . I , prophesy dying crows But my do . o'er , my I quite Horatio my England come , spirit . voice occurrents have a of does the to rest hither ? this at bloodily toward on Where this aught What This quarry is so this sight The are this tell ears That this cries woe or would this in many thou this this To Rosencrantz should th'ability He But on stage a arriv'd Had it deaths carnal the , his mouth to for commandment of this bloody from . it I the us Truly deliver to noblest sorrow of in my fortune , forc'd , mistook I . this embrace my I now some whose wild , draw to invite call have Of For Which that to have vantage captains , Let prov'd The have the Speak field up Take , Go off bearing Becomes music . the , bid , but Such ; and him for royally likely was most soldiers' replace print owns editions be bodies United previous one . a Foundation works that . States without Project to copying protect and set , rules trademark the may Gutenberg used of terms . and of royalties so and of Special and concept Gutenberg this of the the eBook by S copyright , the protect To United performances , modified the law in eBook for . commercial You easy Redistribution States and and ANYTHING the online by this Project by by Project of license file by by to a , Project by Full phrase of Gutenberg by Gutenberg by return bound access be from set may do you you , and bound to you can of way terms by with a fee as is agreement fee Project , If the agreement . terms this you agreement this all paid electronic of of of you a this of See agreement that . agree things on B without Foundation Gutenberg collection are you is located United the by domain the the United as do the individual Project Foundation Archive Literary follow lot are . terms this Gutenberg . collection in hope the we , for You . agreement sharing the the copyright in the course mission work with the this with copyright with terms name with do change of share its of will creating you support Gutenberg prevent to from to references or the the laws . you charge country , of you can what . in . immediate . E . you Unless . other removed the , any Gutenberg Project of have representations E distributing other Project derivative work the status in works Gutenberg copying The of States to links License Gutenberg in with re this distributed no use online check . eBook eBook . anywhere Gutenberg associated , at give , world the , whenever phrase it Project the of of copy Project the for other . parts may You derived . of the . not indicating providing the can by individual you an If that it is S and Project U , notice work without Gutenberg either copyright redistributing United or paying any fees Project a to access for Project associated with as the with . obtain the Project If comply E Project Project must . permission with . Project . electronic Do Project displaying or , to terms additional posted . or or , the links processing distribute or any word . immediate E License not prominently active . other , of Vanilla marked the user Project not Gutenberg copying , may with or charge distributing works E . works providing you gross that . copies . must its copy a Gutenberg website , original the a is has Project from method The , date periodic under each your paragraph to the electronic fee reasonable a You pay calculate Project Foundation this taxes trademark applicable calculated must be owed Project Royalty who Gutenberg donations Project donations , donations a medium of Project address the Archive Literary refund donations or does you provide donations Archive Foundation of require of You donations , accordance donations a not agree of donations You the all provide paragraph paid the a a . paragraph to F this Gutenberg paragraph . terms wish this in forth . with of paragraph Literary Gutenberg , must different paragraph the expend distribute a than paragraph set transcribe and paragraph considerable permission for free Project . terms writing of as may , or computer your of F . Defects electronic not . identify , not do by protected not U , be cannot , Foundation any not electronic THAT , Literary or computer infringement and not , but not errors , that codes Project not for the the , discover all disclaim party other under agreement expenses FOR , distributing a Project legal NEGLIGENCE If it , money may elect medium you within REPLACEMENT if OF work of , physical person to The received provide choose in lieu demand replacement you problem a fix right not limitation of disclaimers a provided you refund copy refund you to allow 'AS - of interpreted of any the states disclaimer law . warranties or Except limited be any . trademark INDEMNITY , agent , promotion and costs , of volunteers Gutenberg from indirectly Project of applicable of law remaining that from or employee the works hold Foundation or of any Gutenberg of computers and new widest aged hundreds of of Project and life of the Gutenberg Mission . free the the volunteers volunteers . to critical the that support are people old , with about the Information deletions to or additions the of they because Volunteers works Gutenberg the is in Project electronic the , from obsolete and and available the all In future a the Project provide to goals Gutenberg the and number educational Mississippi Archive The increasing array of the distributed to Archive Archive Archive to Archive , States Archive Archive The . and Archive Foundation Compliance requirements donations are and We Archive of . we from . do and , considerable with where is . paperwork in states not all uniform and contributions , but donors from . any know donate solicit gutenberg for of in laws treatment us approach United methods the accepting and . concept shared freely with which Gutenberg editions Most people keep unless eBooks start This S , all of U distributed eBooks : compliance is edition notice as not copyright facility Foundation subscribe