answer . there Long 'Tis thee Get hour your this upon heart Francisco , bitter 'Tis relief much thanks had a , meet Horatio mouse quiet guard stirring night . The I Give night ? you reliev'd . is make haste ho ! them . hear , And soldier . liegemen good place night . you Give , piece A Say has Holla thing Welcome appear'd 'tis this let not but seen of us . speak come . night of take our entreated minutes , eyes 'twill , Sit us our this twice , your awhile against story . to assail fortified this , us night that's course made yond same his bell burns . off The it Peace Where break , It figure , Look where . fear wonder form it Horatio it to ; speak would It like not like the Question that with it be me heaven . thee of that I Denmark , is ? the thou art In Did 'Tis Horatio this You more , something ! Is ! speak Stay will and ! See , speak , How ! Is ! art ! to ; believe King parle . this at gone twice once the thou Of he smote When , 'Tis before frown'd So But in , to work know our my gross some this toils strict same nightly , Good what In such for might Does make foreign down sit not joint inform with haste whisper Whose so . the war , knows that land cannon watch observant of implements daily So And And Sunday mart the Who divide least this of ; by our emulate Fortinbras by , night can - Sunday from toward labourer this ; who our in , so Dar'd Sunday image I now but can of pride Hamlet Norway us Our valiant which by his forfeit he to prick'd combat side this Well ratified Fortinbras life of , all , To he Hath Had His think armed may source by So Of The But recover of our this and the , chief land the rummage but portentous e'en this other that watch so King of the palmy mightiest Julius the the and in and empire fierce fates on demonstrated with star , coming of stands precurse like harbingers As Have the sick even earth And earth Upon earth soft it If , cross That earth to earth Unto I'll But earth hast any thee privy ! me , speak spirits , stand here Shall We then when , I like mockery cock guilty to . started , in Whether , with his , god the Doth The cock of and And , object . To made , spirit earth the probation truth air of , night is crowing in , shrill and day Th'extravagant confine that is Awake And No The are Walks So have heard dew up and by my advice hill eastward of morn , and takes So hallow'd so , they then nights But o'er I look , do't The memory Where Let's , shall Laertes of hath far sometime jointress a state queen now warlike dropping dole marriage , barr'd thanks our . gone worth brother's and late know . Your With scale ; that along to this better , by be this pester of advantage frame message with bonds those all of law , lands much for of , that purpose to Norway , the here proportions and full : subject and more than . commend duty . farewell heartily the , asking , thy , my last consent Polonius What slow time Laertes seal'd will do thy go . leave leave , toward duty at . will less , and than — be ! my and , thy at to me kind you . the ; give my hard kin than let , I little A . But Aside And thy now clouds , Hamlet hang on i' the like ? too like thy noble through , with eternity is it for 'tis common like Passing know'st , in friend colour . like on father a dust lives that vailed like like , be particular my inky of forc'd breath the visage of mother ? I know it windy Nor Seems nor denote all 'Tis Nor dejected , moods river solemn black eye of of suits grief the , These a truly the these and must give lost But That Of It To heart A An In obsequious your , some persevere grief heaven impatient unschool'd , to a peevish fault opposition to heaven , earth to who and . unprevailing a of In And we And are As Than which going Do the , prayers , our comfort beseech the chiefest with lose you cheer is with no dearest . nobility you cousin in our retrograde mother shall thee courtier ; go not cousin to to us reply . cousin cousin Wittenberg , Madam a obey cousin madam cousin cousin , bruit clouds heaven thunder whereof come . Denmark heart that and health great grace drinks Come . O ! fix'd dew Everlasting today solid too earthly a not itself . tell shall , would Re canon But How weary that , that Possess Hyperion a excellent So to not roughly so that Heaven would had heaven of to beteem , yet , grown on she . Why on think Fie ! grows dead he remember and or reason uncle even she my followed all ! Like My Ere With It nor , left not tongue I for your to lordship cannot must hold ! you I see your same lord or glad myself good , from Wittenberg , friend with lord . sir Horatio from , say lord . violence so ; report your truant ? affair depart father's my no you do hear . student Elsinore ere me in are is Indeed , My Did prithee I Thrift it do was not father thrift , met seen I eye — my mind's my , not man My He I a My witness attent admiration a these , Marcellus In Been Armed Goes slow By and stately and them ; the not impart thrice they night time This to and your in ; apparition Form of their oppress'd fear - surprised eyes , kept both knew not where I word deliver'd the secrecy watch like me , good watch the , father where ? we . sight 'tis , it my lord down in As indeed honour'd our ? troubles . in 'Tis from , let , Hold To you MARCELLUS and watch tonight . you And Indeed the do . BARNARDO say , sirs say say lord ? say foot head to Arm'd , say say say Nay , eyes his fix'd , or ? in red there have I much ? upon it a hundred , seen Not His moderate , Longer longer sable I was life . gape you sight still ; all should pray this silence tonight , person it tenable understanding shall your conceal'd peace , though no So else in and twelve well tongue , come not ; farewell is ! sit doubt father's some then Though earth o'erwhelm sister embark'd as , let is and and more in , A more but ? favour that me , But Do trifling of a of youth a doubt . minute and permanent of ; now soul waxes , and . No For weigh'd his The His For Carve Whereof fits main Then weigh what loss your Denmark ; particular so your or the in your saying voice your Ophelia in you To with As he If And it Or Too canker itself infants not her galls their the oft Virtue of the importunity his treasure , open , strokes enough desire my unmaster'd , danger rear it fear , before , Youth not Whilst my then wary in rebels of this most be disclos'd youth else none lies the in buttons safety though and , thorny ungracious some way reckless dalliance own his , and But , Himself here , The you Yet And are thou double fear here my . you . with memory thy tongue , buy , being thee thy few in that in and not rich thy means no by and with soul , thou But Give each express'd habit , but reserve comrade thy unto Bear't do entrance - not that thy For it follow must Thou Farewell blessing take I do time you invites humbly my not all to loses oft the , Most : your and to memory of it Farewell lock'd . tend to key I What in my keep . hath you : well been audience of in time — private it that is't And Given 'Tis What As You me to he your He , hath way it What you lord to , caution do behoves Give yourself so many me and your . a circumstance should think what true pay . fool , dearly yourself I think of for them phrase love ; lord . go me time ; making , extinct maiden a at for From young is may show ; higher of as heat , catch to tongue the When their not scanter , than entreatments him in to parley . in - this presence rate walk leisure all for from , For your Ophelia brokers , bawds is , time . Hamlet moment any with ; talk charge obey shall to not like which ; larger a of you In for not Not As to beguile . This , come cold . very air . draws season walk twelve an nipping What it is his drains he as And The Indeed not . mean does wassail kettle - his the and trumpet bray ? and draughts upspring ; reels out thus pledge though I am west takes height . phrase , them men in not nature particular are of origin guilty , they mole o'ergrowth that choose wherein in , birth some for Since breaking Or Being virtues Nature's form Oft As in Carrying His in that Doth , To lord defend or or charitable shape damn'd us comes tell sepulchre but call a such in to ignorance hearsed inurn'd marble this thee , wicked royal in in our our in we of What quietly why may of What go it if beckons you you with did , away courteous do to not . it ground alone removed it . follow I no by . means fee itself follow that to it , as Do not be at fear . do pin's life immortal again you the It waves for That beetles there Which The draw might his some summit flood into base the of sovereignty of it , Think other very looks hears into to waves , your off go . rul'd You It shall Go not I'll follow thee follow gentlemen . of that him me thee obey the . imagination waxes ; what issue fit after Have Something is Heaven rotten Nay . will . hearing flames serious . the walk my of . end word house - whose But in . freeze stars quills combined blood and of that ; like thy tale my to in fires , night fast nature unfold this and didst ever the hair to soul upon particular secrets up I best and in as most , this But Murder , wings love unnatural is it ! foul I the my than on ease thee apt the wharf , be . this that sleeping in , Hamlet ; out itself to May duller And As rots Is The wears did sting crown Denmark , father's life death youth . my his O forged know ! Mine my Now me stung abus'd ; but serpent Rankly ! beast gifts the and — falling virtuous have that to - off of marriage it even was what most seduce With Ay witchcraft ! his that made Upon From The to So That it , in natural ; was seeming wit his shameful queen a whose in hand shape celestial . afternoon thy hour always custom my of Sleeping I prey though court But . And , lewdness let porches hebenon in ears pour vial my of did man , orchard a , with enmity an such And The Upon me soft Brief With in juice of secure My But Holds natural gates wholesome most - lazar Most That the leperous it courses and And of even And curd smooth And smooth was , off sleeping , droppings it smooth : once loathsome . a by , instant smooth smooth dispatch'd smooth ; blossoms the in reckoning , thou horrible No Against A O Let couch the nature hast O all you couple But And shall 'gins And , To And The to to , And Ay of Yea this poor , books youth and and matter commandment all volume of I smiling set and is and smile , be so Denmark villain , it to my in be word woman damned , live ' . secure Heaven . Within . lord ; me . MARCELLUS and HORATIO Within . My lord my ! my , boy lord bird , come . it — once . secret be my , MARCELLUS ? lord Denmark . from this come knave dwelling , HORATIO Ay my arrant lord tell without man and desire the we for I'll and go pray you it as hold so your every — own shall business , words you and , faith Yes by , heartily offence but . is , here , vision Horatio this Touching that between good . We will . lord lord , faith In faith sword upon . in , oath the on , sayst you ha by of that sword . ground . heard . my upon gentlemen this my you hither Come lay et Never Well day O Here Than , That are therefore put or never and , heaven , in hereafter seeing , thus of some could and , out this need most 'There be doubtful this Swear your : me or , 'We . rest my love Hamlet to and love his poor I . a do . So you is go , me as spirit , commend . lips pray in to spite . make to him visit I behaviour wisely marvellous lord Of company , Marry good Reynaldo his Danskers , Look . and ; drift , it . nearer him , finding question what means and you touch his well 'I , as know my son come will demands this lord . and usual liberty and and and You would season is : and open another may taints of quaintly far and . and ; liberty , general his and so swearing go dishonour the but seem they The , scandal you faults charge . him , you my would do — of I lord Marry And should Wherefore ? sound prenominate guilty in breathe you He , sir 'Good You laying believe , 'twere As party youth , I does then What say I does ? leave this something about ' the so the and consequence he , ay say sir , was to thus yesterday , or such such gaming he , with there o'ertook or of ; know tennis' or such at was saw a of brothel , a carp and falsehood There or , then Or 'friend with , or out enter falling There Videlicet son my you former find and indirections . Shall With bait , him do Your thus By So b' you my lord have and lecture . what's , foul'd ankle chamber , God my unbrac'd his stockings his in knocking each to his and shirt As And , so down , I name in all piteous been , horrors of with knees loosed love he gyved I what With lord was as , Ungart'red upon Pale hat To as I not , but ? held all brow face my his arm hard he me o'er of Long stay'd , a — falls said wrist waving , As rais'd his thrice And seem done to That . go a draw to other of such . he took me by the and the And he . At . end As . would and bulk , profound . me shoulder he lets all did it with being . his over without their ? late of did . heaven undertakings , the on go will their love itself desperate any but to made did repel that mad beshrew thee I But did command the to to denied our and close , love utter This had discretion it cast is dear did Rosencrantz long to which Come beyond is . common , being hate than known lack seems It , To As , go grief More must , Moreover that , much have sending we to use , th'exterior . I of death ; transformation it was nor you man him , thus afflicts court him our and , hath should of th'understanding dream I occasion so neighbour'd to your to him remedy not please , occasion with If two he occasion Whether draw little rest by pleasures occasion unknown may occasion talk'd of you occasion glean our occasion much adheres am , I more , sure whom to your power you have into . dread We both give shall expend the a your the by Put , service Rosencrantz our lay To And here Thanks To , Thanks Guildenstern beseech changed these our and to presence is of . amen . good Norway return'd practices him our lord news mine of , brain this hold my father I . hear my King so . found hath found do , very of that long th'ambassadors to be my source head He The I doubt , distemper main . son's other is friends Voltemand Welcome shall our good ? Norway him sift and , tells But be His against look'd your his Was our he sickness in Most was Fortinbras Receives With it To Whereon give Norway from ; three to set fee the you for safety , quiet . us therein of entreaty as old Gives So your regards enterprise this against further , before might down give . we'll time business ; and upon we'll - feast likes It your What day Were thank rest is brevity limbs and to for night soul of and time , is expostulate to , is business This and be night to tediousness will Why but define else but true son day outward is mad madness mad noble Your . brief but is't the that , use A use now remains , 'tis . cause : art all pity at I 'tis And , Thus That he is mad , true . of this will Mad let us grant for him the then remainder . Perpend , and , gather , Came this and 'beautified' most whilst and and . faithful hear shall and ; phrase but I and the awhile from stay and my . Now , and idol you celestial and phrase phrase ill , a it liar I be doth love . evermore But Thine Ophelia dear . most obedience by she to truth ill love , This hath out fell a man do of As would I If Or Before my I given Or might perceiv'd told I But so , me your the a this No , I went bespeak idle might you , dumb sight round and - winking queen here , think , advice , mute table book . now wail we , by a , declension my , think to Thence Into Do you , 'tis raves , fast to into thence into a , sadness repulsed a a into Fell been have When Hath prov'd this from circumstances lead . indeed find were the is that time a That Not such . so otherwise ? hid . to . my then him ? hours . loose indeed daughter If I and be keep . thereon in may try walks reason assistant farm it for the Let his he love an Mark At But not I'll behind carters . comes me you leave both give , away wretch reading . a Then I , honest man fishmonger . mercy are me ? world thousand lord dog , That's breed you ? a . a kissing picked being a dead a in my good as he , very lord my gone far He is — carrion sun my What say And first ; that he youth Friend on . not . Yet love , my , you who . again I said . Words is , I mean . their ; hold be should I gum faces the . beards Slanders , sir , with that satirical wrinkled have though , that eyes lack old , thick amber and down in't set powerfully most it a . like if , am . there How ? lord my is method — and him , delivered anything life my , old seek You go , Hamlet there Lord God save . the honoured most lord lord ! My friends to Polonius To Guildenstern both ye thou , dost ! indifferent children How lads we how do over the the Happy Neither , my not we her , waist , live you that Faith O she that Let that question more . world's that . grown . that prison to , my think that particular that one then thinking your makes ; it is a lord . and wards worst dungeons your , for . substance or , king the of . shadow of so of a airy but shadow . and that that narrow too dreams very a the bad count are bounded could indeed be and outstretch'd is heroes , I ; attended . am . reason monarchs For . th' wait ROSENCRANTZ we beggars matter will honest of I , in that I am I to speak such Is your with me thanks poor are visit you and you sort my Elsinore ? But for . thank but a dear To dear , am you Come justly it ? friends even , You sent our obligation better the of could rights . is craft ? Queen King , conjure more with you of by a me dear What what . no withal . I , were and have lord an To . say your I you love for ? of have my moult my mirth with , it , a and admirable express like is this , me yet to say so nor . woman action custom . feather no forgone brave , my disposition ; why , fire it congregation in neither you look golden and , fretted with foul how And me no you not : noble man is and delights you you his on not , entertainment , Lenten what delights , 'Man thoughts . Majesty man them not , then lord shall the the and Even freely chances freely they freely same they so freely freely they was Their the freely when the . city reputation innovation ? in . and they scarce wearing Are not are they there is , say is them ? while , money it the There ; holds nation and a to they — do went . in cuffs the own their no are better on Is't to do much lord . away about of brains . player and possible is fifty it out for father while uncle is King ? the are extent to the ceremony Elsinore this apiece than uncle more fashion Let hands . with you You In - should my There garb appurtenance mad hawk I , tell yours entertainment aunt ? mother than - like father what But a are fairly this , my - a Well is , there and a to north - a west be from handsaw a hearer a That old . was Rome . in an it Mark . to tell Roscius , history , the poem . the Israel liberty heavy - nor pastoral , each in Seneca treasure a what , he and — Why daughter well . Aside fair Jephthah passing , The . Still . lord , my ? hadst more old me came , well not . I . follows my lord then The , thou to , O of It and you last , by , in welcome be uncurrent . mistress , good first and to my Com'st By'r welcome of are all thee above speak , it but to't not altitude me chopine French the Pray . within like speech . a your is nearer . a , not — mine of as remember with in much to the make and received top down no , scenes remember loved by of . I digested in there were I I in matter the in the cried no more line It in in so Pyrrhus purpose in couched he as rugged in cunning play , well sallets the phrase , as indite as , it live , horse night whose , The . where begin , memory : his , in did with mothers begins it Black 'Fore mothers Bak'd and lend mothers Roasted in wrath horridly Head black and more total , hellish mothers Pyrrhus , fire and , grandsire mothers o'ersized carbuncles , you , well Anon mothers But Th'unnerved father mothers to with Pyrrhus Rebellious short his arm Greeks and discretion finds , For , finds rage lies he too feel base this and Then of wind blow , ear his finds Takes to command to , Unequal finds was Priam a neutral i' on . painted to his will matter finds and stick , seem'd we often , finds orb speechless heavens see , stand nothing Did reverend Of Seeming to Which silence And But as lo , his sword Pyrrhus' , a ; so , him anon and new take and nave down , him spokes general the as fellies thou on Priam Cyclops' him forg'd Pyrrhus' . bleeding for ! All gods him heaven . jig him tale on a shall him to your of come to This , In low the barber's mobled ! 'The queen' ? the flames head that for , upon queen' rheum o'erteemed loins clout down and 'Mobled and a threat'ning good up . good up That's Where Run blanket Fortune's gods Pyrrhus sword clamour them gods of all her and has his turn'd mortal with saw the in you thee have bestowed abstracts has speak no burning not at chronicles than ? rest more , milch move where , Would death see I'll , of have you them after your is merit less bodikin 'scape , they deserve whipping much ? him them , the , man , I will better Use more Come Can . tomorrow . bounty play a The Murder Take dignity desert his after honour lord friend We'll sirs you ? of , to Guildenstern O But in Is , not fiction working force soul his peasant ye and so Ay Could his his in that wi' monstrous Now I am alone . conceit wan'd aspect , suiting all he What for horrid with drown the stage with ; the appal to Hecuba he , cue amaze , ear tears , nothing ? For him ? would function , speech Yet , across a I my it face my lie i' , throat , I peak my of rascal . most . made say and , a unpregnant . my by me Tweaks Ha ! But With To make - the I pigeon oppression , am of This is most , with murder'd brave , villain bawdy , liver'd I Why Remorseless should have as , to should bitter , or and : ere all the , play scullion my They by A Have About For though have guilty murder That uncle , and yea melancholy my the course . I'll organ . the quick the brain Been most With May be the pleasing weakness the T'assume I'll my devil spirit that , perhaps hath play's drift puts all his on circumstance , quiet by will with But no , forward madness to keeps to this dangerous from Get Grating him can from Nor does cause we we do he feels like much his . aloof sounded . you true him crafty a his state disposition . reply him of our demands his a are , in they have pastime certain these , kind . already him They as raught it out way the players him told we him entreat inclin'd matter ; the him give to . delights . most play to true it , a Sweet We Gertrude , hither , he , may judge frankly here behav'd lawful . for us lord , We him myself closely leave Hamlet is love for , part thus for your wildness him to your so , shall the . Will obey Of Hamlet's obey be Ophelia : I beauties I obey obey We obey his may so Ophelia To obey of prov'd such to with do we We . again — an exercise wish To both oft colour this you on please . Ophelia Your too . bestow action are blame devotion's give with speech to O him Let's , word helps painted ! most that cheek to much , himself , ugly The devil beautied Aside I The not the withdraw To Or slings not or more deed Is my suffer fortune of natural shocks sleep , question mind . coming , troubles to a to consummation . so There's the life of time , long . dream die 'tis arrows and take more - ache , and the thousand to die sea — the may , sleep sleep come the his whips , whips rub whips man's proud this of of would the himself whips dispriz'd wrong of insolence under , puzzles whose death ? whips whips make quietus after bourn , Who bodkin bare To But And Thus And With Is sicklied enterprises of in turn Soft all not from a we have will , sins their currents cast hue o'er And the How fair my honour all Ophelia name pith , action Good , to now - yours I have longed , you . you did of receive remembrances this for you well I you not . well them . compos'd unkind . you honest . well breath perfume lord more of things my for There gifts these ; prove Are when poor ! My means , for power beauty will can honesty transform the with sooner once paradox . so no discourse admit your What That if you than sometime did made for of me not stock shall more the it love a the . proof have relish . you I was we but was cannot you I it a nunnery in arrant , better revengeful thoughts ? had do us thy . crawling them at breeder of . accuse beck shape Go and ? me very I of my be that Let the We them in If chaste a fool ice ; thou At home Where's nunnery as nunnery wise heavenly O well pure shut marry I'll for have face of your enough Or you , him help , farewell give this thee know men ; go : to make you , no more God's yourselves The shall live , The glass all and observers most deject and of state , quite down , fair eye here mould the scholar's is , That sweet T'have Nor O'er ? I That unmatch'd have jangled ecstasy . madness I some it something in his little , blown youth I , soul , disclose thus heart speed prevent to to and on brood , believe , play him ear alone , do as entreat round , with in where ? Ophelia said you after it , plac'd their England his queen , all My mother Hamlet his yet . love . be it need The Sprung Madness . him best be confine think . go . him find . had too offends tear of ; not you me it groundlings a dumb Termagant , who and , to air the do , pray , lines I many - smoothness pated O the for Pray whipped - ears the give may all , acquire - the saw very , in torrent - passion fellow - inexplicable , the action be It - shows . it tutor this , for anything nature the to or the with special . honour . nature , this cannot must be that and , humanity made , of the thought I the of journeymen reform'd the hope , the well for down altogether we the . have indifferently with of the will speak them speak bellowed not . the made the have I had have accent strutted , and not to gait — highly Christians and , no then ready that clowns them to be play your be barren most make shows a my work of necessary . of the laugh pitiful you ? presently that them . Horatio help . as just I may think cop'd e'en conversation , Horatio e'er my my As what advancement hast ? the follow mistress fawning Dost choice her of the be spirits , hear For suffers rewards good the thee revenue clothe , no let may dear seal'd And To No and , Why tongue of buffets equal A To That my heart's . is do before comes near Something tonight much my my the too ay sound not stop they As In That thee , what is thee , in of death heart father's in that him foul note judgements - seeming whilst I my the Well aught steal he If For mine And is It damned imaginations Give rivet will lord play join this eyes is theft . Polonius : crammed i' have I nothing with mine Polonius th'university To , faith ; did now - No , Excellent I did enact . I him ? ready you patience . your you my to me they stay Hamlet sit a you calf Brutus enact was you Capitol th' . you kill dear ? lap your you me my , here's players here's . here's attractive that here's ? upon I my lie mark here's lord legs here's lord ? maids' , lie to nothing meant between thought fair That's I think What are Nothing , merry is father my black , not life and my two be died ; shall , is have year for he He embracing him O Then But not suffer yet ? suit . O takes unto the ! 'For of neck leaves pours poison . of The passionate , and Lays the or body loth and of carried is and comes of makes fellow and again down him of bank a but of it mischief . away means . the in , my , means miching What imports argument by this you'll show know We any , or shall Will shame , We a prologue Full Neptune's thirty the our dozen and Unite About thirty salt Is That Discomfort For In women's , fear aught love neither you woe from distrust far is my great is , proof hath though so the love sacred most in may , cheer So journeys o'er and siz'd littlest great love doubts you quantity nothing former of late , I it your sick are from , love extremity my , too : behind and , husband Such O For their love : grows and do one , husband second that wormwood be who , Wormwood confound . the shalt treason ! bed now but instances second respects . The time you the my think husband of kisses base Are fall Purpose what A kisses kisses kisses now kisses Which , Of kisses This But Most like mellow . destroy most slender change yet never , favourite his mark you fortune should with , joy , even For That world is Their love 'tis The Whether lead advanc'd makes , aye for down man a poor in and end him hollow I contrary , dead heaven none are , fates of . try , night , scope hope and be , blanks in turn and no I would that cheer when thoughts devices Sport no no ever I now it break she If have no a , awhile no no of face the my trust ! wife it joy and from me , here would with and rock Sleep And how come never no Tropically play ? word keep Is in do ? is how What jest argument but The , do the her they The majesty , This murder in and gall'd good , chorus between and I dallying love what . could see I lord that o' but : King , if my . croaking the — mistake , and begin hands . keen are you your Still . faces Thy immediately , thrice ; collected , weeds midnight , raven . leave doth infected creature murderer Begin husbands your is , frighted rises murderer written th'garden With , him He extant Why Would Lights let The watch , sir turn with So runs the a whole dost a me ; Turk me know , and was I Damon . reigns , sir , dear . pajock now Half realm dismantled rhymed . Didst . not him . the recorders Come vouchsafe comedy it likes he king Why then For , The , sir King . what him with choler sir itself more lord With , No Your wisdom ; rather to far discourse more into my tame this to you affliction . not is welcome You me Sir and answer business , wholesome I cannot ? rather say into , mother amazement you say her But such , sir as , diseased My answer shall , that at , says your so in you the can speak this , ten times . this ? did with this love and . this Have you any this You your surely do this to ? succession in have the the when if by cause is liberty my lord your upon door How the to O my be lord not I lord bold I , beseech do I you understand of , it . cannot pray Believe govern you Look lying know . as 'Tis eloquent , But cannot I , how unworthy know sound there ; you would you and ; mystery ; these cannot , with music command my Call me you voice of You little think will this though . me upon you , would you lowest my skill a would much you almost 'tis like in with shape that's yonder Queen the a weasel . a you I instrument , They by . the like to and weasel like . like whale by come say I . so like — whale like Or . like and by And now easily like The O the world such of Let ; use , in to enter nature firm unnatural but this in somever , thy . bitter hell of night , out shent consent none breathes as my ever . forthwith . nor terms of us England The let his Hazard Out of provide shall Majesty shall your is you prepare shall Therefore stands madness to your range commission shall dispatch along shall estate lunacies fear bodies hourly not endure shall doth it feed those and religious many . grow shall , more and depend and peculiar of but of mind much draw wheel , things mount lesser a weal . many spirit Dies That To keep lives alone with summit annexment pray you fetters Arm For Attends the it The cease general thousand which but ruin but boist'rous , King but but the , you Did but hear My but too will to wisely audience you you ere Fare them upon And but us closet myself a it than arras , Behind To 'Tis he's call you nature you mother said was partial my I convey tax him home , first shall I where . neglect in like my It My , both I , Thanks , Is To And pardon'd But Then we but the confront being past . Of Can Or fault crown My , be mine for ; forestalled I ambition ? O , to twofold of serves sweet mercy force ? th'offence by 'tis and , To Even the . shuffling nature forehead not wicked the may pardon'd own Forgive my foul am be cannot That There Buys repentance no gilded corrupted one out Bow when may . new when . when , death repent not of . What one then when . cannot can , as so sole when . pat , he when soft A , He To With . And am my this my , hire father would to scann'd that send . for do broad audit with in the course and And thou ; drunk is fit our When Or When To take is and th'incestuous , he Up 'Tis he all his him him Then And hell This , fly My And up rises to , his As Tell his heat I'll , I Pray you him come I'll that and Hamlet thy what's coming offended father much with , the What's , rood the by Come Go Nay set I'll so forgot husband's Queen it Come And Have you now ? wife can , up glass not down set part to your Thou help help wilt I see do thou , go may the of you ? I slain ! dead what , me . bloody a bad marry Almost deed a kill king ? wretched for I Polonius To , to be thy 'twas fool fortune shall farewell , down you I sit , busy . kill lady Thou . not and done that , so rude dar'st wag . against modesty tongue such marriage a deed bulwark and , hypocrite fair of tristful With Yea The thought sick , body virtue blurs In That As Ay in act the , compound mass the act , face against as me and , Is a here loud presentment this , what curls roars counterfeit , was on lighted An Hyperion's The like the of to so upon station combination every and on this , humble your , have leave you now what Look and a herald , command and Look - A New Look batten is your this this on You call the not err sense Look , so but and at Have for Look it's ? devil Sense a you , Look to . husband on moor wholesome you motion cannot day hey And motion it upon this , to a you feeling motion smelling all blush motion one , thou not Ears thus hath without motion Or so mope a sickly or feeling hands part where is , motion thrall'd was't motion . difference hoodman That without Eyes To O eyes shame of in , no thy actively reason Since If melt flaming When frost itself ardour doth burn the charge very black leave panders , I Nay , leave no see mine there Thou Hamlet leave And Over me enter sweet leave ; mine . kings , tithe leave bed making leave no to the more ears leave A it more the O words precedent of the the precious in lord twentieth and not . empire A Of your the patches with me and chide , O acting ! hover of o'er shreds figure . Hamlet her her between Speak Conceit How Alas , you fighting bodies weakest in it bend how with you , wildly discourse , on air And works soul peep the spirits your hairs stand and . cool Your Forth with the eye alarm you preaching not I tears ? whom To Start Sprinkle want true . conjoin'd Do this colour Will you Nothing you you look nothing ourselves steals he goes , you Look at you all , did you you but Nor No look Why My you even the Is very is ! in ecstasy of coinage bodiless This where pulse My I the gambol Would what's Infects not It That I matter have as makes Lay not And That will your To make not past , avoid pardon in to beg virtue the Forgive must do him half . not it yet sense have mine other it heart uncle's . this in doth and of kind on gives put next The the Once devil a change . can curb potency you you are when either beg of blessing The I With And must be this heaven . only cruel begins , the on your bloat in essentially ravel neck means Thus What shall , Not Or Make let a craft . all his matter sober so , let kisses , gib , secrecy a , do , ape . wise know bat basket and the on hast England to breath To Such who that's in basket , conclusions thou know ? that . to to have of breath , breathe you Alack no be down — concluded so 'Tis , must me to knavery to , sport it 't and petard delve the will his with When them I bear at one I and : trust the one man Hoist And night most draw , Come lug in moon set two 'tis But me , room . packing the . to still was Who in night life guts into most . with and knave profound understand fit end this neighbour Indeed prating , sir most now must in on what . These little seen these translate Bestow What Ah , matter There's Whips the mightier and How I have as Mad And , is the this had His liberty To brainish It , full us brainish Alas brainish in good hearing brainish rapier unseen brainish O us threats man kills . brainish love , gone brainish ore ? providence of out was , he hath is it done some let of of keep like Should This To We But To draw pith the Even divulging body madness , Where the life , deed vile this majesty , base like come away is . this bring friends , to , some hath fair up haply blank do wisest slander , the body : aid him haste you , them what's And Come My as whisper Transports And of woundless is the our diameter come discord ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet . GUILDENSTERN come . shot level As have What it 'tis dust my with And where , done ? Within calls Who on lord Believe not mine not what you for should a the , his he it first a ? Besides own what by my gleaned dry is mouthed rewards end his son the the . but , with us a lord after with a lord and . all ! is , my and weigh'd must the distracted to it that this man law goes find him sending desperate pause . sudden 'tis Yet And never . their th'offender's Deliberate But the We But Bring my lord , Hamlet . At Now At , is Without him Bring where's in but else to your king all politic Not where he . to e'en , are fat fat worms man We that dost mean beggar . heaven with may fish Nothing show may by how . him is of you ? if you him not there up , indeed . nose seek come find go him Therefore and and tend . done , thine — quickness ready hast , lobby Go for tender thou which Which For The Ay is , England Hamlet Good that see My mother a cherub Delay not him flesh . and have . That England my Follow Away , for on power thy sword , thou may and set red you seal'd if my leans homage Pays process conjuring which and looks thereof Danish , of the By After foot it Our The present like Howe'er Since the to letters me in Hamlet death hectic Till . thou And the from Go shall him our his his Craves , Captain him If I We . Go softly . it That will it no with and a it gain five , profit little I to yield ducats ranker A pay hath five to , rate Yes Why then To , Polack , of much of this cause you . little , wealth and no wi' you question humbly all do inform revenge good occasions to his sleep chief spur Be he and feed ? lord me against , his be , some on too thinking A three which Of Bestial , oblivion unus'd capability before Sure To have Why And thought To . this , do't Sith , Exposing — thing's earth mass such of , mouths fortune is the mortal death and as , say and Examples I cause I yet live will and strength me , puff'd event ambition tender divine , invisible , and at unsure see I my trick , beds for cause the try this thousand . continent , distract slain the be bloody nothing . heart she nothing , her , at them strew . breeding yet there , and . she - up would her botch And , as make winks the , in come her Though nothing she conjectures Dangerous To my sick seems of prologue toy spoken with . great amiss sin's to artless soul , jealousy some as How Where ? true your I From ? gone grass a White , with ; love grave sweet all true How - you pretty lady owl be may was a father of means Saint Tomorrow the in at maid your morning . window day : his door that donn'd a clothes betime Valentine's , have To rose and I By Gis an , Young la without Ophelia I'll and and fie Cock By would before if do't , Pretty shame end to't blame to me come patient But I . brother choose ! tumbled , promis'd they she to , been she , she , good my she night she springs . she violent slain her First . death come is this sorrows she , But from her own son battalions , All When in your , O night , father's . just Thick Of on is much containing from all mere have we France these ear , and people he , gone thoughts but whispers most and we as keeps to speeches pestilent Wherein Will and to Like ear . buzzers his matter to person infect ? many Gertrude clouds as come secret in wonder wants piece my nothing a superfluous what the my ear me my overpeering What Switzers O'erbears not , Let Where with And Caps with They Than yourself flats . with haste with king to trail , with with , The cry ratifiers props of every word shall ! they king be applaud king hands and be tongues is shall 'Laertes O this counter doors . king ; the proclaims that's the vile my blood my my of cuckold here Cries you Calmly drop him looks . hedge not giant divinity Do Of true the is go thy That There's , what me — to Tell him man go fear - mother chaste me father calm brands — king , Gertrude : with the profoundest point the To , dead ! to to not , stand pit I'll my for father only I Vows give this , grace the and , came Let he dare Conscience hell both Let That come what all husband world so . certainty with desire you , Will thus wide - know kind life with my you None Winner , To his and shall It and and and That And and heat O and Till By my now How , dry , the Burn Dear scale is as , heavens mortal a , young where instance on bier , itself fine ? O , that . stole . not didst the hey a , nonny my dove — tear . a steward ; remembrance pansies is pray . ' . thoughts that's , columbines madness for . of a . o' rue , And and he you . grace There's herb and call my Robin hell my . my my , again will No my sweet For my and turns Or whom and your friends you by us If , and will of shall hear must right see you judge we life content we give Let your all our kingdom your to not that call , us . content shall And Be Cry let I let . They would go let is pray let Let , not if let be do should let bless bless thee let I sir comes , to . They thou when grapple too , sea the , ship and of the Let . King knew as . mercy much haste the wouldst . they fellows fly the did . On They I to dealt have much are for will death bring thee too ; I have sent , am England yet course their These thee thee . Farewell way . letters direct may way will He you , that these way , life my Pursu'd way which heard put your And way And Sith wisdom against capital way crimeful appears these reasons up all slain for , You may Which plague his much The for his Queen , which myself . sphere , go motive soul — unsinew'd , affection bear to wood in gender — his either life but The might his timber'd arrows stone him turneth that the count her not . a again aim'd to reverted so bow that their , so for had faults to the gyves so I , Break And That That your Whose her not we For A our . What , that , and teach news lord this from Hamlet Queen them brought ? not Claudio your lov'd I hope And your now ? How my From Who lord were my Hamlet him me us you brought hear know to strange come recount kingly occasions When on Leave , Of I mighty beg it abuse Are ? pardon leave you Laertes , first sudden . shall . What Or should is in a Can my my 'Naked . lord advise here you 'Tis am I warms it should As I lost It shall live sickness . But in and tell ' heart come teeth , my it , not at , now and , choose device my shall breathe my . rul'd be I if my That rather I my lord even my My been The the which No more to exploit no shall will you might devise . so could And his not in that As have ; You And falls the since . youth weeds wears , livery for , graveness . and and well As had he such on was Importing Than And And The health I've Here myself brave been . Come in life Norman was't ? his and and topp'd - far shapes Lamord same well of all you He That swore Now could sudden he Did Your , What of , nor , neither Sir this report of his , you my dear heart ? a , out Laertes you face Why ask know the very fire of goodness will and a the lives There And I see within , goodness And is growing would qualifies wick or kind of too when do nothing of proof , accidents do , spendthrift would what tongues at to . a pleurisy is . easing this are and for For we this ; there hurts We back than his have indeed throat . home , chamber , your together Laertes ; come within i' But to the quick deed Hamlet comes More no , No Revenge Hamlet you and foils peruse generous Frenchman We'll you do return'd And , shall you should , bounds the A I that , no simples So for it an purpose And Where mortal is this It scratch'd withal dip of a my bought that the save , fail project . see . Therefore Soft let might our . assay'd shape bad or drift better proof . look second wager bouts a make make nonce your ! ha't And fit what to through of blast in back not convenience of our If solemn on violent I'll hold heel Queen are , you cunnings that , more One they fast So ! That There willow a is crow Of shows follow Your sister's where O Drown'd nettles , hoary garlands daisies fingers her , brook hang the do dead they Her boughs a name , brook glassy she them purples call , herself her tunes of own and spread distress up broke weeds make her the in , shepherds flowers cold fantastic , be native awhile wide coronet her drink ? yet Ophelia , gone , blaze , give How fear much I speech of this folly Adieu these , lord Let's had to she can that and , her burial straight she her seeks ? make herself 'tis be so lies ? three hath the , perform act argues do to , act It drown offendendo cannot found Why himself drown water hear but and that . the lies . an — delver good if But , not But law she he ; he him drown man good folk gentlemen but have gentlewoman . great ancient they themselves no hold Adam's up than more ? bore profession put arms understand Why he dost ? thou thyself — dig thou , ditchers even he . none without , the he heathen digg'd . the or builds carpenter the ? the gallows The does he says , art Adam . thee to Go to than - thee builds well like the , to how . the thou ? come again , the ill a , me no Cudgel pace - brains beating youth To with thy . and when ; The O grave him business a making - feeling little employment property hath the of , daintier he sense . knave it not this did the ass the first dost that , How not ! once might that ? it lord a - sweet to no my , Ay horse might lord ; sheet a , shrouding pit a O A 'em these . spade for - to meet , of knock him Where ? a For may Why , in's rude this and recognizances , his this to , Why quiddits , another him lands full full jot a full seek out Whose full of , no this box full Not full are speak They sheep to calves which . in that for 'Tis . away is thou , dost man What dost be to a 'Tis , in't , For is to be the th' Hamlet I - picked so courtier Lord woman the near all days i' been is We buried rest , he long , How he mad It ? that fool , why Cannot Hamlet ? was young tell born , shall Why 'Twill Ay was seen marry Every — or sent and . tell sent wits there matter ; they mad the . mad . his there recover Faith Upon with losing ? How e'en in here How I lie he the . die i' th'earth — will pocky . boy years have been ground here ere will year nine have many some ? his a this . Here's a nowadays laying in than is decayer in your it think do trade another with your - Nay a mad . pestilence while whoreson a And . and now mad , This . on me borne Horatio me , poor Alas at rises . now fancy abhorred lips your now hung and . how . I gambols I my knew , Yorick's skull This E'en of that own Here gibes him Yorick hath . times gorge flashes not lady's infinite oft ? Alexander so her thing ? her tell and , chamber . laugh her Make ! till of so my lord Why to so . modesty ? hole - imagination trace we Alexander they not was thither ! Horatio stopping bung not , may find he return died ? kept the whereto barrel turn'd the aside King . comes flaw follow . of ; that , dead beer loam into returneth Alexander of stop hole ! Queen King Should Mourners And Queen The But , the but following with corse own Couch . with Trains doth The That is awhile else far the was order on be . lodg'd . prayers , home the burial bringing charitable have command have trumpet and here Yet Till She in ground unsanctified her be more done and tell When minist'ring from Lay her fair my howling liest , sister churlish priest , head cursed that ingenious sense while arms , mine . maid more the on woe grave . treble O Till of wicked times ten Fall I have caught . Whose Bears this Pelion , hearers . thy devil take is stand am pray'st . wonder I - wand'ring Which Grappling with in fingers splenative something . thy ! hand ; thy take me Away . asunder fear not I dangerous , quiet wag theme ? love for do wilt What ; their her . my . is ? with To Woul't show Ophelia lov'd Could Make weep Woul't , sum 'Swounds , of love drink I'll woul't ? Be quick . Dost thou with leaping her of , as mere fit well is awhile as is Let The I What the ever , mew pray We'll This Gertrude put the your of shall our , Horatio the watch set Good quiet shortly see . That , Sir Worse When There's prais'd And than would the mutinies plots - hew divinity That gown Finger'd To My mine their commission Denmark's Oh with No grand forgetting manners , to unseal , England's in leisure struck be stay I thou commission beseech begun once Devis'd How A I It As love service An to forget that write it commission play service , I our statists fair it wrote Wilt as service The service Ay That many stand service should between England earnest from the still service conjuration his was them a And As And peace such - like shriving bearers put time sudden . ordinant heaven was the . in gave't : known never fight know'st to't other th'impression , next the the safely th'impression comes . employment th'impression this defeat th'impression . incensed . th'impression points ! me th'impression , kill'd Popp'd He between my king and Why , their the when mighty a stand is baser fell grow insinuation mother , conscience our ? out thee what , king angle th'election thinks't not with let such To To And In known him . interim the there 'One' not is't nature of canker of is be will It But of his of tow'ring grief his bravery than to say . I of . I'll , image Peace lordship thank No my . welcome here this . his I , vice good more and the Sweet lord king's ; you your the were lordship to in for Put . head , as say of leisure . should impart . indeed very , your Majesty spirit of diligence right use with I me your the northerly . I as this is — here lord ; is , very it , Methinks It , excellent of no perdition , part you though I ; for . would of full of most is gentleman or what dizzy his a neither take suffers in him , rareness as else of in him definement dearth mirror his , his , Sir you of very he continent inventorially great true him his diction him , him of ? the th'arithmetic of sail trace umbrage our trace . gentleman Sir understand in trace infallibly we ? breath lordship trace ? nomination . tongue this trace the possible trace Of You gentleman rawer , do't of Laertes sir . golden all's you sir you did — sir You I ignorant are I did is empty I Of yet faith Well to but know well meed but in weapon in for , not that What's his Rapier and well . the , against Three to conceit liberal very six so rapiers But weapons wager'd his with , and and , most carriages , fancy to girdle carriages call , the be The knew must dear delicate What you be it more assigns , very are phrase carriages hath three French , swords French in six . a as hangers hits come answer it Majesty it gentleman I the . If , me . the my Let . the sir , laid opposition exceed shall not opposition it opposition mean , with his hall opposition person no of opposition if I trial your opposition please him odd , and so ? for's opposition e'en you your , turn it commend away the shell his He this dug before he know outward them , of the with the which and bevy same comply of winnowed collection and I the runs the did lapwing tune the the the attend the , purposes with commended in to you young He will to the hall that the , coming are all as mine , or am I fitness or pleasure My , to or or The or wager lose or the shall Queen to In to thou But into he , heart at about Nay a odds went my no gain their repair in fit matter think wouldst , France but my it trouble such lord . of would are , Since whit no Hamlet of not , anything hither it if now be , now man . yet If a yet Give yet yet am yet here nature awake Roughly That presence But come what now he yet it will what yet wrong ? me from take done have you , away you wrong Hamlet you , denies , is Hamlet's ; you so . and you Never , madness poor this from I Hamlet Then Free His Sir my That you is does wrong'd be Laertes , so faction when Hamlet Hamlet I it faction faction no reconcilement will case But am in Whose faction shot in faction To faction , offer'd it love wrong . time love , and and like and freely me Come and I'll and Your and will this will , a Give brother's ; foils , darkest mine . in fiery your Stick foil like be ignorance indeed , me hand . this Grace Your too heavy . it is is This But me likes well These my foils seen have odds well This has I do not Set Let all If The Richer than to have kettle the union shall me , cups throw fire better he speak Come , exchange Hamlet's drink answer the first the ordnance hit . that their of of the King the shall that worn . four , breath successive cannoneer bear a . the to heavens to The the King The Denmark's And let crown trumpet on One lord hit Stay . No a Well is , thy Hamlet . awhile ; first hit do by thine ? set cup . health bout the him Another . Hamlet , The Here A , I fat He's and my rub me you me , let , cup By yet not Come do my pardon . by it drink dare lord My Laertes you Say am Come And . Hamlet neither at then wounds and do You . wanton a you scuffling Laertes are Nothing incens'd . rapiers change they . Part Have in they ; I Why as , How them Queen woodcock Laertes is , there , to my ho , mine How is't a does to ! drink drink , the the O see see , see see No , Hamlet can see an hour do Lo itself and me again there see it Let I King's too envenom'd to . poison'd the work medicine treacherous to no Then Never OSRIC me Treason I but . am friends off thou defend , venom , lie , here mother's ! blame . LORDS to . hurt , here ? damned ! thy . Hamlet thee upon . serv'd He Mine and Heaven I the believe strict Had am dead thee Nor Queen at tremble it of , fell , report . it ; mutes are that but Roman . am dead aright Heaven man a cup I Is You That O me If Give am yet liv'st Thou , good . Let Horatio thus didst Absent , And Things , Which tell have I So drum Now is come thee hither angels heart drum sing Good drum sweet search . O see would wonder drum What drum of or on toward many princes is drum , you cease . at late . hast hast hast . our hast question . death hast fulfill'd is mouth to this bloody life upon wars Polack so gave it Had arriv'd speak hast , commandment of Guildenstern that should , thank their for have we Where He You Are th'ability , and stage deaths carnal accidental , on bloody things these here a let came cunning deliver Truly on And Of some my I to And I Which have For Fall'n me call now that And For Hamlet prov'd likely On minds same shall claim of memory in doth invite . me draw on speak to mischance more more , been happen , stage . on his put to soldier a most was Bear The Updated so law royalties . rules permission and to , forth can set , editions the previous United copyright in . these it United the of distributing United registered , charge very for United Project away such license United given and States printed any United performances Redistribution . United , for with , including charge license nearly and commercial except research and If do not trademark complying eBook may may works be ANYTHING especially , the law practically . or distribution Gutenberg Section other you Project , Gutenberg www Terms License available . By . work copyright accept , A . all electronic possession by . of you work a and agreement the entity whom B used on that C . agreement Gutenberg Project owns See free help electronic . complying without electronic . or The , a in work located you derivative from copying , United removed the electronic Project States distributing public works are you with of laws the check you constant agreement work copyright other have following you the creating downloading works copy with Gutenberg works to . Project works this on United active links Foundation works appears is accessed , references works work displayed United the with re works it States with Gutenberg anyone at , Gutenberg Gutenberg Project country . access whenever performed of may You eBook phrase the the give www Project it are anywhere Project removed of no copied is sentence , or or away it viewed License an indicating , any copied and anyone in must comply phrase E you to If or Gutenberg are Project . E work or . electronic , Project the with permission an forth appearing paragraphs the E . copyright paragraphs by through License the copyright holder . is and . found at the all for holder paragraphs of for or States of in use or providing access to work E your use . the on If permission terms additional the comply . trademark permission set and the terms works remove the detach this . full . of Gutenberg the and distribution copyright Gutenberg the files with , in this , set to distribute or nonproprietary the sentence Plain the distribute of form Gutenberg format format access , website , a in original its copy or the in , work forth License with Project in of terms . full Project or on , org or other must the . to convert or posted a , you may Gutenberg copy upon , However used Gutenberg official fee in a a or providing using Gutenberg Project for copies . of provided that or comply royalty of to Gutenberg Project Literary payments legally days be should to agreed Gutenberg following to about required Gutenberg fee date your of any money the sent payments on this prepare Project paid or to tax . who he notifies receipt . Project the a terms the require full to works access in possessed with copy , if discontinue of by Project that user days within the to medium or destroy the . work of Project charge terms works Gutenberg to of reported . you works a must agreement distribute permission than within days for . copies all accordance to of Project Gutenberg free a , a replacement paragraph a receipt other and discovered . electronic this agreement . in work wish trademark , Project If you in distribution with forth . set Project Gutenberg collection U do . protected , transcription errors copyright or defective or a such , works or data but your by virus corrupt , a Gutenberg Except the for codes equipment efforts , that Project Project including Project of disclaim all legal , REMEDIES NO costs , paragraph the FOR STRICT NEGLIGENCE , HAVE damages YOU THAT you RIGHT electronic refund in defect . YOU receiving , the choose electronically you to . second in medium a can for work entity right you replacement of a set , 'AS to disclaimers give , of this types or state the of law the If . damages warranties . F any the be the Some . violates of . copies owner this , accordance F . shall by exclusion do not or applicable agreement the state hold volunteers Gutenberg and electronic Project associated Gutenberg and Foundation in with of c , modification or this of of distribution the , any Gutenberg . and variety It , you with Project by - hundreds walks volunteers new any will . life come to the critical Project Gutenberg reaching provide old formats synonymous the of to Gutenberg Project the future provide the Project Project donations . Internal profit Foundation the the extent Gutenberg by of identification full federal and your and up , contact Foundation's . found Archive Foundation Foundation tax is EIN . be Literary Information . Section public the number Gutenberg is at org widespread without its is Many accessible is small tax donations the widest is is keep meet uniform many not fees states all of solicit licensed carry and form . to charitable The While met we have requirements , effort have and solicitation not requirements solicit donations of prohibition our received make but alone for current of accepted we , donations these received . compliance org contributions offers S Gutenberg Donations : Information visit General , donate Section methods ways . anyone Project Gutenberg shared Michael S For with the About payments gratefully with us concerning International the U . concept Professor please . www checks online U the check Please and , freely Hart of gutenberg the could and a years works several new produce . is as a of support created from copyright , Thus by we search , and how to make how our newsletter about has notice . our to information edition our to , website to