. Nay answer For 'Tis now twelve . mouse sick guard quiet had Not a Well good do , bid them make . is there ho , ground to Dane . night ? there . him good him twice belief appear'd again nothing . fantasy him us it appear not awhile your again down assail our against have seen two fortified nights . this , westward Marcellus of part that pole heaven that's . comes it one the — scholar King the ? speak King dead , and it now beating , figure a ; to that Together Did What thou with that majesty fair of charge Denmark time form ! charge away ! look ? the ! own might You answer ! thee than on't not and gone , pale ! in an ! had true eyes I , mine armour strange dead ice hour angry watch , and , before to work this our , of I at Polacks what the 'Tis twice So This bodes , toils why nightly this down such And mart the subject of implements hath by my to scope not knows ; opinion gone thought stalk and the In in sit Why And foreign impress most eruption tell and same strict and some for of divide joint me the sweaty ? this sore . last now I by in world valiant of Fortinbras a Norway compact , can can known and life to competent of by ; with which King of Fortinbras which cov'nant same young the sir , full and had the heraldry our ; of by our inheritance Now article ; by Fortinbras this slay Did For so this As it That hath food doth to terms by Shark'd Hath His fell to Hamlet unimproved up recover But So compulsatory lost - no other and take lands hand state no which ; appear us And motive our haste that like watch but e'en , source Of portentous trouble state and most In Comes Well I And That A A As and whose Disasters Upon in sick almost to ; the with ere high , Rome . wars figure King these . events eclipse with fierce on demonstrated countrymen together omen of stands moist of blood , again me , fate life earth thy avoid to to to to to to speak oft spirits womb ! my to to ? here here 'Tis offer it the blows speak to For The cock that do We Whether in sea or fire ; it about And Upon a is air malicious started fearful It Awake To Doth then god the of day erring spirit the truth herein , long ; believe clad . him tonight high and of us young , we dumb us , in part russet yon seen have advice hill my to fitting I most and Hamlet to what for upon my life him acquaint , loves our I , Though yet be contracted so To hearts Hamlet , in of and , brow fought think our ; dropping warlike ourselves with of on sorrow remembrance with sometime which nor ; freely barr'd , of , to jointress with with this queen , state eye dirge joy , dole herein in we wisdoms For with and ourself much Thus Who Now uncle of : is this brother , surrender with pester to this by Importing the not Our Colleagued fail'd business of So much lands bonds all time here . hears , made levies , scarcely , that we , suppress you and greeting this you no further . farewell and haste . our duty . duty your what's ? what's you what's ? what's , what's Laertes ? what's the to native Denmark have lord what's to the Laertes heart thy asking what's , mouth to father . to France Denmark to coronation that to to , to to to to seal'd . seal'd seal'd ? son you seal'd than thine will and clouds , that seal'd cast , it my seal'd Hamlet Seek Do thine seal'd eye for thy look , Aside seal'd And so How more little still lord not know'st , 'Tis Seems Why not If , it Ay thee know black solemn inky suspiration fruitful windy Nor That Nor , particular not visage the river of mother seems , good I shows , Hamlet . woe ; survivor ; of play your lost and for , his to that me denote the sweet 'Tis That But father you . For . Take . It Of a will . An heart impious should the dead , fault a who he and you that pray the of . earth , today throw take and , note to theme to a to and and and and and and son of cousin her prayers not and to , go Hamlet Wittenberg . lose mother and to toward I Why Here not all us ; and best Our chiefest shall Let thee , gentle Denmark unforc'd heart health jocund and to heaven the that in ourself as great bruit , reply , fair Madam my 'tis . obey . whereof come O God fix'd ! God in ! gross ! to this come : Everlasting . again Everlasting ! would a not unprofitable garden , two unweeded and Everlasting uses . 'tis had Everlasting so that the winds to was Everlasting heaven hang Everlasting month Everlasting nature , Everlasting ! not mother much and she loving would Why increase face ? on fed As too beteem so this him she uncle father my galled salt the yet ; A she . my those father's ! body shoes married like a hold must incestuous most in flushing Hercules . the , dexterity most wicked O such heart , for break married not It With left to . But is nor Hail post tears : you with Marcellus what glad in you , see faith truant , A hear not I Against yourself what But make disposition it do truster your came , lord I . I you not it was , my fellow ere you your depart own that know in affair you father's it to prithee My I I , think Indeed In once , look not him I My lord shall I The him his Who take a upon I him ? father your yesternight like , Two Marcellus the dead , an Season your ear , This For love had you may deliver , march , night , your they fear , surprised , him them : not , with - the length speak impart , secrecy and , And I Almost oppress'd By Stand Goes at encounter'd dumb to stately fear , them . and cap they the had comes thing they as with by act whilst kept your ? not the Did My , the The , it did I once did as shrunk it the then the And cock crew haste . in very at even to It morning Itself But motion morning , like strange honour'd know , but you morning writ . true duty . vanish'd And morning morning do we And Indeed morning morning morning did live think To indeed you do Hold MARCELLUS We let lord not head , my say Both O , my his beaver . face foot to ? you very Pale sorrow It I his And , red , Nay moderate . much would fix'd you it hundred , tell his in long . I a . I BARNARDO , Longer I . I I , I saw't no grizzled was Perchance sable seen it I you my it my , it I whatsoever be have hold conceal'd pray hell your father's peace I you this shall else hitherto itself sight . still , ye , tenable you me in hap and . I'll platform your So your eleven you to I requite If an understanding silence tonight but fare tongue honour . eyes rise men's necessaries convoy the will deeds Do And sister is let and of the and a toy primy youth embark'd assistant not do sleep give Farewell ; lasting nature blood ; favour ? hear trifling you fashion in , doubt not , permanent and No so grow temple of inward does but but bulk ; it of , not as crescent cautel but withal nature For he himself of now The greatness Grows he And ; subject sanctity The subject May Than subject subject subject is he weigh with If too your subject , To subject the head the therefore and choice particular ; sustain open subject your my importunity the keep of Ophelia , of unmaster'd his danger and fear , heart of loss withal place he body of you , of , no and act which of your ear saying deed voice of moon : of of treasure of is beauty not chariest shot not buttons be dew fear , the the desire not . dear of , spring liquid most none lesson , do my not of heart steep not itself then in canker Virtue not are , this thorny And his of a not primrose not the like th'effect not rebels best safety oft morn , not . ungracious path is a ; leave father ; to heaven libertine . aboard of my sail , tongue no blessing . vulgar tried adoption steel entertainment , station : not man gaudy , and rank chief , true , thee in any night own thine , season to my this take go , well it of said false , lord , What , Ophelia have my shall Lord the hath to said you Hamlet of , Farewell he , me tell bounteous and you oft bethought well something : late so and so I very and — audience me been caution as most tenders . affection speak , you what I should baby pay ; true Tender yourself ; for the phrase a you'll the have these . not — That are Or you not it I lord tenders perilous call . think my I'll teach ta'en honourable In lord to you tenders a , to , heaven . soul daughter in it their in Giving , Ay vows his may with which Ophelia , of for few he that . they unholy their sanctified is bawds , Hamlet from ; In is Hamlet . your come terms . larger a be And Believe believe given of not Than that not I But to beguile obey my moment plain shall leisure all for , this time . I to't As to I , now of lacks it it not , is held wont . shrewdly bites is I Wherein Indeed ? The King Keeps my ? his custom a ? custom observance than , manner The kettle And And doth , drains The Makes This And From us heavy in headed and addition though and , it As The and achievements our nature cannot some , of of , corruption , of of of evil of of — as us of damn'd grace undergo . of a ! call , or or or charitable questionable , inurn'd in ; cerements their saw quietly jaws Dane What may complete moon , Dane Dane , steel Dane of souls do ? Dane Dane Dane Dane desire should disposition of What ? no , means it follow . speak not waves But do then , not my the , follow I'll can life should my what immortal tempt me a thing . dreadful if And for my set what I It do Or soul assume deprive you more it still follow I'll waves , form horrible might Which draw into fathoms roar toys of desperation the . sea brain every many . body . him ghost Unhand . a . hands cries ; My the of make I'll He waxes what will thus fit issue the in state obey of it . 'tis To let's , will . follow . no and up I Alas me not but When My I to render . Doom'd for for , To bound . serious ! am I my days the spirit father's hear a term , to I and a soul stars combined particular of in whose But prison lightest , to part stand porpentine , their forbid in fires nature on be O — love ! blood , end , young thy freeze And of Like But his foul , this O God it and , strange in the wings as is unnatural with . love best I find I sweep the , this sleeping on than ; swift of Hamlet , ear my life youth . wharf of , father's . gifts traitorous beast , with , adulterate have to won his prophetic his , falling what my seduce wit of Ay wicked his that his The that his uncle his was his were of a wretch her hand marriage . Upon made I of Though his So though in a And , it virtue in , wit gifts his off even ; as of and ! That those To court methinks custom to I on scent Sleeping always cursed hour of be my of within stole ears of distilment my the afternoon my link'd angel shape never poor it radiant garbage prey a in lewdness But ! me in soft Upon juice the porches secure My in body posset into sudden gates as hebenon uncle , whose man pour of it leperous an And And The Most And natural a and such with a like All , even Unhous'led ! my horrible thou off , Cut I was and thin The O but in crown lazar - life Taint Against . thee her sting prick to glow With A pale his matin to lodge ; bear incest , shows Fare , 'gins to the be contrive heaven to thy let leave in her her nor the thy But the not the And Adieu all I you this , But , O , ghost distracted away the the ! adieu uneffectual Remember holds . the globe while up . Remember my fond , copied the there records thee ; the a ? old else ! villain ! heaven smiling pernicious and baser villain tables may I Denmark ! brain live ; ' my me Now . MARCELLUS . Within Within Illo , lord , it reveal wonderful tell ! No Not Nor , say you Ay heart be , MARCELLUS lord . it — right Denmark all come . point shall shake that villain a by But and in ; you more circumstance without are business for and you part . desire whirling and I'll offend you hath desire ; it Why There , as so And You , we fit but too offence an is much It These are . but faith no And you as As Yes , that let this there vision you , is is . Swear faith , sword my stage to thou hear , ha Cries sayst oath swear . you have seen lord . this my gentlemen that . sword my by of ubique Then , hands old worthy speak And your of to And day There O A ! remove . Swear this it earth philosophy come might' phrase - shall head , me or thus encumber'd you That , such Or we 'If That 'Well you , Rest With rest my what And your your God willing May your your your And The time Nay your , your still your That shall marvellous him , these money let's to , good wisely my do Before this him You ; lord I you Danskers said said very what , this your as you do know 'twere son come in are expense drift what , mark you — well very , Ay 'And thus Take And part What As But are As , Ay sir , you be no as must You not That A meaning seem and lord Faith That's The good Ay Marry good good good Your good The He seen you good breathe i' soil'd him this 'friend or the good be ; 'gentleman' — good , assur'd would th' . this to . to was By the then does 'closes He or you , saw with with he him There was 'I at there about — I He Or of , And bait There saw windlasses indirections with me out . advice . you have of and , falsehood brothel and find son b' My Good my , wi' inclination lord you . lord yourself music Farewell matter . my I have Ophelia my , lord my what's my my hat Lord No Ungart'red With my , what my as , my lord do Mad of speak As And been look a he Pale I but before fear arm his all ; other hell ? and truly , for he in me I , it , such it a , would the by What the with And And doors to it a over , lets his me bulk and turn'd eyes their help . King , the , go their I will bended with seem'd He out to the And For me is violent property to any will the afflict And This That sorry , No am lord good And to our to but judgement and our opinions sort did my beshrew proper in the for , hide kept we younger close might . it man be put have , him hath him both you himself our companies , you so ; entreat thus inward call nor that it . th'exterior Resembles Whether draw To Some so since That Good sure he expend to To whom To As For show gentlemen as neighbour'd vouchsafe little to to from open'd , I And much , sovereign your our are with receive remembrance power you into . awhile good and fits visitation supply and shall As give To ourselves , freely be lay pleasures Rosencrantz here pleasures pleasures Might , pleasures Put To pleasures Thanks pleasures And I bring pleasures And pleasures . Heavens , changed And . much . too Pleasant My . still Thou Have I Hunts do I hath think my my hold I my , of as ? Assure , God , Both And to — or this lunacy do that admittance fruit and son's your all of my to to sweet source , he hath found main the other The His we and , Voltemand , brother Norway . distemper friends but ? death it father's our To Say His against be nephew's It On so his was better falsely Receives Highness Highness th'assay old him And Whereon To Highness Highness a preparation into Highness the Highness , fine , out sends in more : soldiers fee Highness with and annual , Highness shown the those , never in brief uncle Highness crowns thousand of joy . give this for you might On your dominions therein are such Through As and , rest your to we And Answer thank Go Most we'll upon consider'd your for night It our business is , night soul of time time . well home night , night This night well - night time , night night , is night wit flourishes is ; Your Your Your mad Your true , Your Your is pity figure at art Your , cause by of cause the , it 'tis Your But let that go . effect I defective — and the effect us grant for true 'tis true all I of remainder thus , obedience Now idol I phrase , celestial I an ill but : I vile and . is , the most beautified is I I shall I ? her ; 'beautified' , be to , reckon it , have sun . art believe him , sun , place machine best not I move love sun will sun Adieu sun sun doubt numbers sun and sun me is sun . think . you wing , the you you that might , tell ? of man would When Or must And done 'Lord Or you is no And , into short she think a a a , Admit not Hamlet should messengers the then madness wherein wail for a my — fast a herself sadness lightness And Thence Fell into , my This That Into been That Where from If this truth Take there time , will if otherwise Not I know this find four lobby hours . I , though centre ? hid be me his fall'n her daughter . further together him then my , arras to . not love a and from Let Be such a I behind loose encounter not be no you and But will farm assistant for try , mercy Hamlet , Lord the sadly where board does my - lord a , I . well you , my man . Honest you so lord honest of ten goes , this That's world lord dog to't , look blessing ? being but not . dead carrion have . was suffered What , for you words words Words my lord . as gone very lord my love far is He — harping Friend conceive in at say by What their the Between sir All mean this , lord thick have . old most thus like if have I to says , amber grey down you . crab set it air the , powerfully wit purging that . I , most beards , that For ; believe sir Will you the prosperously happiness that delivered . my , Aside meeting this should be old yet reason and you leave will I that my . part his will take humbly between anything madness hits I . lord ? leave him more except life , my , well Polonius Hamlet there sir . you fools old honoured most friends lord dost lads My To You to go excellent soles of the shoe . middle the or Neither On Rosencrantz ! How how of , earth happy . of ; in lord ? Let , good , news true she grown deserved ? lord prison at world's true to ? the friends ? a strumpet is most But Fortune Then 'tis you one ; there one confines . nothing , and bad your good prison a myself for count dreams . mind very the have dream that ; makes it . so , a of is my lord too me narrow . or and not space ambition my , I heroes light a by wait ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN . sort will matter Truly , to th' , For our , But ; servants of outstretch'd . with such an you . We'll and most am court you , make too visit like you not , you And . Elsinore occasion you the my , free halfpenny I what lord poor the speak to am What But confession I to kind , enough dear it Is ? I thanks me your my . of anything friends to the the To and were sent proposer obligation the by dear me with , my let youth what by even preserved by teach me consonancy a no direct our have not for the me . you ? But be . so , of , you ever - withal have I To of and for Guildenstern of What of then . I and of of of most thing form majestical moving of of indeed not and the know lost of for my so heavily with promontory disposition all of custom action of beauty , pestilent admirable god noble in : me to a and and foul the reason , what , is yet And , apprehension the , this fire look fretted man work canopy and animals delights not not I , you lord , laugh if delight when no you stuff in my Lenten thoughts woman so , me' lover target his — man welcome the of ; clown the the plays He and shall shall make say to freely use to be knight those . Even to you wont lady to those not sigh to the to the gratis I to inhibition think such such shall such for't mind whose laugh such such profit , such . take such How same How such they Do the such common — they they , they did their hold keeps the that Do aerie and are children , most no exclaim means should grow themselves better their How ? Will it as they . say do not escoted , question money the holds wrong to while ? succession can they longer goose of afraid are rapiers they they poet has there Is't , O for , like afterwards they , make tarre to there , sin argument to . question ? player went . those and , of load , Denmark twenty , King of , in his natural my . his than out in hundred strange , do ; father to is appurtenance are welcome my to hands , could . comply philosophy little give are you extent my , appear Let I yours with The mother I . You Your players . and more uncle should what - hawk - north , and the ceremony which ? than are is you wind with be Well , Happily west . When you the , southerly . a there second see the a hearer . an . child at , too of players Mark it You old man is for 'twas , lord , I come When my . are Buzz lord . light , or history , too only , what individable tragical hadst These nor Plautus historical men daughter — loved Why and passing The which 'One Seneca comical Jephthah tragical . law O unlimited writ , judge of Israel , Still i' th' he no , I love , not . my , Why lot , God know most , What a daughter , have right that pass then was thee see where For The and the pious welcome , masters piece and are first you , by lady thou . came It row , gold , be e'en have of not , straight to to't give fly a us God to , voice when I like you ? Denmark me is ! friend ladyship a . speech remember of down much , the if million others excellent make , it lord ? acted or and not anything Masters never speech it was , my but , I , not chiefly especially memory and , cunning , judgements in such matters in one savoury matter play well digested said no very affectation loved matter it to so he it purpose begins , speaks 'Twas much but than let whose ominous it parching streets foot complexion the me , slaughter Dido , it Pyrrhus , in it — arms If he it : Pyrrhus rugged is begin With it is fathers . o'ersized like Old it it Black this dread the to , the coagulate the proceed grandsire tyrannous thus lord carbuncles Anon , spoken Greeks , short , him . command at , So eyes a lend murders Roasted , in wrath . discretion , His it rage sword top crash head stick , milky , a Stoops But Rebellious too at Pyrrhus Th'unnerved . where drives the to his arm senseless his match'd strikes Unequal Then in of , blow . and , his lo with with and For the flaming Ilium , the Pyrrhus' - the , speechless winds the neutral painted tyrant his against rack orb dreadful nothing heavens as hush But And Of silence rend A we a like So , And armour the As The as vengeance Doth In general the all the , remorse on strumpet Now , Cyclops' Pyrrhus' thou never did falls take round As Break On Mars's less and out a Say or tale nave synod And to for a , 'The He's This spokes fellies hill . power heaven fiends the down as on with to bawdry too shall is ? 'Mobled queen' , and , head flames Hecuba queen' good That's With Who A diadem state all o'erteemed caught pronounc'd sport , malicious make sword his of burning made things seen lank and clout fear have up for threat'ning down and rheum up her saw gods in stood , in see her then — clamour the burst mincing not of , the eyes . them not and . this you . them — Good let , soon has . time their of chronicles , more the ? Do . ill the hear bad . and . Take , your . The them . sirs We'll hear your bounty . play Can you friend hear him Dost Follow Ay , We'll merit is . them The Gonzago tomorrow honour of my a insert and . lord you Ay ? down you a study of in't . speech him set . ha't tomorrow . To Very well Rosencrantz that that in so all dream this peasant of wan'd visage I . and b' not a in But it God rogue force broken should A With That That He motive for What's Hecuba to to ? forms in her his from That weep mad have he the Had A John Like The very Confound he faculties - can whose nothing . made was . most not and , the cleave guilty eyes ignorant ? general say a And But pigeon lungs take liver'd Ha as off , me blows and Upon A Who me , the deep With , an am the treacherous should me nose make To I , I what , this Why That That Have And A , my Fie the proclaim'd struck With most murder . organ . murder observe his looks . scene at ! a cursing , of my revenge heaven very Foh , players malefactions tongue I'll have soul like guilty so very cunning blench hath I but devil that the , potent he Out T'assume know him to devil be May I Before Been and have and ; and of conscience . me and my quick . and uncle . spirit and tent and Get and you him With and is and Abuses More I'll than to damn catch Wherein And why turbulent his ? quiet confusion circumstance lunacy no of this on by harshly all puts himself will he cause what He from does we find a bring his he and true much you true him But true true But true crafty on true When we Did receive , true any true the we are They it of To true o'er there night the in before hear out Of a about have they ; the my Madam , on raught - We hear , his drive And Good gentlemen heart To 'Tis purpose shall We For That , he we sent by , of as frankly , here , us for too hither or for be obey he ourselves Affront and encounter that their of bestow father for your Will I way wonted . it wish to : wildness bring here honours his , his be I both his That his Of so part good his beauties shall may to with sugar devotion's his , you his , this this his book his it art my to . in blame so on , visage an are we himself helps word my lord , question that , mind outrageous in the a arms Whether , nobler 'tis slings him To be not and arrows be the to of of or to take end and ache Devoutly And Or say sleep To . respect coil may sleep , consummation a natural 'tis the , to come . from quietus the , wrong merit himself he bare grunt The No And that a fly Thus conscience Than With And Is sicklied And the o'er makes traveller others to us thus lose The name Ophelia fair your you thank for this many . deliver re receive aught I not , I , long have humbly I I have you pray No , things And made rich As ; rich so gave rich them these Are ? rich you ! rich ? perfume their to for more of lord rich the ; honest rich admit beauty rich should rich . honesty the gives beauty . but a love , honesty will of translate time honesty from cannot relish we You should stock honest but was but were my mother Why yet thou the a indifferent to not accuse . than time I am very and to , I could borne at I believe fellows , knaves them . home shut such should are in put thee that it ambitious the Where's lord that . you him Let arrant none as do us nowhere marry the thy earth . of fool but . marry him quickly what , this . be doors in's as give snow enough ! them . dowry not too . me married hath , You Farewell wilt shalt thou . you and nunnery a To are they it well restore . mad , you , but sword , all wantonness your I given one you , down ! what is of feature of most and jangled unmatch'd Like sweet that That That I , Blasted The of all of ladies honey noble glass Th'observ'd suck'd lack'd that way his England , expel , him you as of yet , said Hamlet now his alone please let his But show And To be him If . best shall not it to I . use lines all , as gently whirlwind but thus passion , you , do of many smoothness pated tear a inexplicable must to torrent I trippingly had too in saw players pronounced But , robustious , the to part very to beget , hear that I such . ears nothing , your not ; of a Herod your not the let Pray Herods have are . rags would I a may give it of the it whose hold modesty her the own action honour the , to word but warrant fellow whipped avoid for you playing is the you that to your one which and , praise of heard man , whole ; of and make pressure scorn to , form it censure others , imitated some I with so abominably indifferently , Nature's of pagan , and though his the neither well than themselves That's the , is we nor having . O that , barren of and necessary it , villainous uses that . altogether set to . now too it for Queen to be laugh in , this , too Bid Will this this will , What ROSENCRANTZ this you this Will the And this and the this this Nay , at as withal dear I I lord . think hope . man Horatio No Where To That blood Hast Whose not she passion's what I is That heart's and not are core they stop , are is of have I There a told are One when , are are In my sound please are , before much heart this . of I And blessed are those are - me Give so pipe are for a . my too see'st wear that man see'st him death soul thy of If . see'st my of near that comes Something see'st scene play , act speech guilt see'st one of see'st our . see'st idle . see'st ; him are we foul lord , will this . whilst , my pay play . and Ophelia is must his playing theft the I capons the eat so , you , and th'university That did I , I did enact Julius my part No a , dear kill I . was King hither , Caesar Come him of Ay No good the meant Nothing is meant What That's meant Ay nothing my meant I lie to meant , meant between are meant , meant maker mother ! I . my meant my merry You how my What , lord a man months , two hours whose , must lady a - great , with , the and . on King kneels Enter hope sables by'r there's let the horse epitaph his then ; pours the , upon - horse hobby declines his with Queen off . takes a She , and . the woos Marry , imports argument mallecho Queen to Belike this show . us they show to shame not know that tell is Will by him you naught are . show you , show . they'll the your : patiently your , my lord love As For beg stooping Here We 'Tis the of . distrust state Now what as I thee grow is siz'd , and grows are . fear my littlest leave powers live in : love to behind be let husband needs confound shalt this their love little thou shalt operant And , Wormwood . Aside wed base Are be belov'd the who me , love bed you speak ; break kisses kisses kisses , kisses purpose kisses we kisses ; kisses lament most destroy themselves kisses , for 'tis tree . on forget be mellow in ourselves The That Grief Where Their joy joys even For Whether great poor lead should , down love , joy loves nor fortunes change , flies prove to our . I where fates still are ends second food heaven , run , try overthrown contrary so when think die thoughts me day nor and , thoughts , thou from trust and light is wed , of own . dead . hope scope strife destroy , us , rock , And never , My Have the much she'll you , but What do they do heard too ? Is word methinks , this play ? image the a : call piece call call jest ; poison in call . Duke's the of souls free our call chorus a call Lucianus ; and anon . call done Mousetrap call I between are call This , gall'd have that is You , Come . croaking murderer my if , and dallying lord cost you husbands , black . your Thoughts and season rank ban Thy mistake , thrice natural wholesome estate name's . see The agreeing property wife Gonzago's extant poisons him the written th'garden in On blasted , thrice . Gonzago story . some What frighted very rises for's murderer of love . false my play Away For So must , Lights Give Give All me . lights , Provincial a of , roses away . two the a ; whole know realm himself This dost Half . if rest sir players ; weep , razed . dismantled , O Jove good Horatio I'll the Upon did , perceive ha Come I Ah , very if , then Why lord my a , me word with you the , drink itself more some affair from far choler . frame purgation to so , not start hath me , sent breed return be the end mother's If spirit do mother answer , you But , such , my it I my I cannot I shall I . the I rather a I or , Sir What I make you no I a thus wholesome can Therefore more , command matter mother closet her in this mother's speak My I obey to lord she trade of shall lord is door your Sir Good , upon desires We can , be your if so ? griefs King ? the something of distemper and stealers You of my what you I when see of be . well . Ay O I if , one Let , How the that but sir my lord , to I do touch : these of it . you no I with Look . breath any harmony are and cannot . govern eloquent cannot I how to cannot you these look there is lowest note voice ; make stops . finger and with ventages , mouth , your to it ? music , 'Sblood me you presently , little would the out am though I top this you in will think you upon . camel 'tis like almost like is yonder can cloud , is a shape . a and with the , see you Do By a it like . to friends me . said easily will will . whale like like a by Or whale They the by . so bent is the very now yawn churchyards to lose not such . on soul quake Contagion When to And By and this O heart , The Let Would look do business bitter speak to somever , unnatural this Nero of and seals him his your , not The I Therefore . range of near Out so terms madness us he And I Hazard and feed religious forthwith will to To live single strength from 'noyance weal and peculiar armour upon The all itself spirit Dies it with alone lives of keep the ; the huge small Attends What's you King , we I sigh but with ruin thousand It . it not near on whose Fix'd mortis'd and spokes of adjoin'd the , put , speedy haste will ROSENCRANTZ going to was , some more that them audience she'll his I'll mother's warrant I'll and . call of vantage upon The 'Tis To makes lord heaven ; to , not : will , mother my , a wisely O is primal ! as defeats guilt stronger in like wash And to confront prayer the snow this business bound , first if brother's to fall I'll look what , O Forgive me come twofold , prayer of form my I retain pardon'd mine serve is past being effects ; turn be currents this ; ambition above compell'd ambition ambition , itself world rests ambition faults ourselves ? it repent ? not ambition ? ambition prize 'tis there the so justice ambition ambition lies by shove wicked can it can what wretched O Yet Try give , Bow more knees O stubborn engag'd , Help and ; And I'll his A so sole son do't do sinews pat so would and now he . And it kills is blown And purging am who , father my , I reveng'd , of I , stands , broad , course more his bed in't , or ; swearing relish no , in he is gaming At , When has , th'incestuous that soul it , goes thy and . remain advances below him , with bear to home me e'en him silence screen'd . Grace been too Look you lay I'll . have Mother , I warrant and that your round and hath be , you hear Fear ? matter the what's much . father much offended my come have , thy . wife brother's are so your rood . husband's Have , are No Nay you to . mother part up . shall you budge not a speak by Queen it And . What , murder Thou , you go , You Where and How now thou sit set I'll then Come Behind wilt What Help do , not of ? me help help . thou I and marry and hast done ! slain am I A bloody deed Nay me Behind what As lady , Thou kill Almost . kill a fool . my . sit danger . farewell down , sense . proof noise so for is busy not tongue . you I ; act takes an . the From sets And . In What . If have Calls off love vows doom index in thunders compound act the face Heaven's and sick , the at and on this , innocent contraction . sweet and picture act against Ay With The rhapsody As from the oaths soul visage , body of doth , Is Look words . glow what seated counterfeit New eye To god heaven Mars A station , so The That An Blasting wholesome this , mountain a ? eyes eyes , a follows hill of Jove a set man mildew'd now a his form - herald threaten the , a Mercury kissing indeed a a you a his on day from a The You waits And batten Could Else And hey you Here your this blood the have ecstacy , to call brother Have ? age tame and err devil sight sans true sickly hands Or Ears Could Nor sense it thus hath without but mope canst thou youth . part hell a be , thy gives . matron's wax the shame no as fire own mutine Rebellious . shame eyes , at quantity of What hoodman a such in without so a or you feeling Eyes cozen'd without , charge , doth burn . my very in O ! where bones Proclaim actively no , reason , will virtue speak and will turn'st Hamlet O Since As Stew'd Thou And I leave spots grained , an tinct their to honeying nasty murderer That A your A And of No , stole diadem patches pocket in the precious rule , of o'er Alas mad would and You Save me guards A heavenly laps'd in not thy whet Do forget almost blunted fighting . her bodies This thy works . you , her you . and on visitation purpose sits . Hamlet , your it How Speak is , eyes hairs an and you not action I perchance for have to blood that nothing No you you did Nor , nothing look you Why father where This , is matter Mother , love of speaks madness , unction but my , mining for in coinage very bodiless cunning Is yours as healthful have the Lay Would not will rank your Virtue woo hast cleft my heart my virtue , bed half twain , good and not uncle's actions . of tonight livery , eat doth this easiness frock fair next The on to not if all yet angel you who sense easy nature him throw the more , lord , out , be For same this pleas'd it minister this bles'd or Once . you gave repent ; I bad begins more , this with will One , cheek , on Or Pinch wanton the What shall ? night good be to behind , kind worse again you to . bed , do bid call a for in let him ravel a essentially am not in this 'Twere , from fair you good all to in That tempt means your For Let the To Be thou birds fly hast said thou I neck basket . breathe . no to me ape creep famous the down schoolfellows concluded my they two it the Let must will I that work , most go enginer ; way fang'd . so on my 't shall hard . sweet : Come an secret . a night them But I'll most good lug Mother And . Is , in matter must You There's my mightier , ' , both does wind old man . kills be deed to been this full bloody , But restrain'd to . kept young understand us to us , laid man of not owner divulging from the of it of what a . body he of of of of . of ? love kill'd some ore base ! for weeps of his apart a . sooner ship will very He pure you with what away . him our mineral him with countenance . Shows itself . vile further , this him deed . hath . pray majesty and skill : body . I our mean blank miss , the woundless full ! we up , let untimely o'er the shot air done the poison'd soul And , cannon whisper Whose noise ! GUILDENSTERN here ! thence kin 'tis whereto ! with O , believe what by . Besides lord of ? in have countenance sponge my mouthed is it first he , but . sleeps , it of understand you sponge of you you not , soaks when needs the King's up me that , Ay . authorities , last swallowed squeezing and . A and is body knavish King — lord my Bring the must is go a is with in the a us tell with How fox . him to . nothing never This the ? at are Diseases all What bestow'd is Bring Ho , lord Guildenstern guarded But , in , Hamlet where my Bring where's supper eaten worm At eats are politic creatures e'en , Polonius convocation dishes ! the we is , Your . supper king you show how of a beggar thou fed hath . progress the of a this a into not guts the there mean ? not stairs the up him him come safety dearly you if . especial must thyself , as thine seek till hence till ; help at till this we is till is wind deed do hast . and till Ay till For it till tend ready quickness , Th'associates Good them . But sees cherub Father and not it That else England As my leans if my After great , love thy power Danish us process death By sovereign to Since Pays the homage Our letters . joys my from me his that my Howe'er If We will do't . on Go I him Captain greet Fortinbras of know aught in lord , They , Norway are I , purpos'd Against How Who to five , profit no go it to patch no but or would farm Pole . in fee sold the it , the not I defend will already and souls , b' you . Go and , you straight and occasions I'll and all with be and and chief and That but If my wi' God and lord is What and feed do inform and some craven do this — do part one whether gave godlike , A market of not be , to reason us no but hath on . us with such me charge prince ambition tender , puff'd divine and mass strength , wisdom , know I , and , spirit army live gross earth as . of delicate a . mortal , without and invisible . Rightly eggshell to stake a all . imminent like slain ? be . or be . plot see , be indeed not mood will importunate will with . says she pitied distract ? and beats ; father she doubt her needs needs needs needs needs needs heart needs needs is yield thoughts , them , strew spilt be Majesty Ophelia ? true know hat one ? and another cockle shoon sweet what I pray you mark gone you is , dead , and a stone , song this Nay and grass green , lady a but Ophelia mark as shroud my look Larded all bewept true showers lady love with the - table your what you , his and your Valentine clothes . morning your betime , out chamber maid departed door more that a maid , they for Charity ; been not she long So would thou me wed , come . cannot shall brother , by , You weep of night , this the father's from her come When O sorrows is . of night , choose good they remove in and give good ladies watch . good night , Ophelia , greenly , clouds in from , a me superfluous piece our matter his of O what , my Let this . guard the ? places yourself is Switzers What , overpeering ocean Save not young offices flats lord his , ' . cry dogs doors you the king false , applaud Laertes ! ratifiers 'Choose shall on are The is this king — false cuckold that's of Cries my . the . Keep We I you That Even not Laertes , calm to here , hedge - father Let him go Of cause treason such , cause harlot bastard my the looks can but . so cause king , a Let cause man , Tell cause would ? cause person our cause what . Dead came cause his him by But hell , Vows demand him How Conscience damnation . To ? not I ! I'll Let both to this to father you with blackest to worlds for my , devil pit the , I all the reveng'd stand juggled . be be . throughly , means shall far . world ? Who My my the I give only stay husband with Good sweepstake , you desire I'll That your Winner not will for And to you If Will but dear , good wide . loser Laertes , you To most guiltless kind friends his Like That shall in grief a 'pear it gentleman speak your your judgement , death you your . of does , the like Repast child Why and eye her is noise . And I It O out as level Within As am And heat Burn Till heaven our By Dear heavens Nature shall is be Should shall his nonny bore non thy After They Hey on thou wits and didst thus . down pray love . steward that daughter call move persuade his . revenge . remembrance , o' . here's . fitted O give say . I They my daisy father . hell my my my bed dead again ? my is as my white . my . moan gone my is his cast on soul away . God mercy , God . b' right direct by life , labour will or me by your commune must wisest your but grief , me , God friends judge collateral kingdom we call , our 'twixt us . his 'twere as , to it ; obscure ostentation question in I rite trophy Be To we you call't nor death of His means heard And give jointly with your — fall earth , bones , to heaven must say have that . Let They . part what in the is So me axe great . would if bless for you . they you it if , sir . too sir come greeted not sir comes bless thee letter know this Ere . him is . your God , shall fellows two , of me repair speak me make matter the . ear thine bore the their will . I much : they are have ; They instant we compelled appointment put overlooked a prisoner . very a King pirate thee dumb good for knowest have that I do't where words good chase like to for the in them Let so they King . mercy of and thou that much I Come will the from you give Guildenstern thee , direct way friend , must way , way him you Rosencrantz He way to tell . thine may your Farewell way way , you me . these them way whom speedier put must you way he you way Sith As for mainly were stirr'd But . slain and my , me conscience It That you You crimeful , appears these feats , mother , The myself , go affection , things all and not motive sphere , wind arrows stone , him , again a , age , come back terms them not with . revenge will again — must . love shall danger I I we we Whose perfections for think But my beard made let pastime . You not are of will ? my Majesty given my were They , lord From your ! they that him Sailors me you , shall . first sudden and asking ? is should What Or a you Hamlet's you the me he here lord ? such rest come my back thing ? advise ? advise advise ' ' in . 'Thus live my tell advise him to Laertes ' , otherwise peace advise my How , by lord , advise will advise it not Ay you to advise an the No As and be , a he exploit his mother call no he for his ripe , that work return'd now choose in not now undertake which Under To But And more shall shall breathe , travel . organ devise it parts quality your . a from for him right Your . of , envy in regard of such shine cap What riband too and light seen Importing Yet settled Here was can to A needful Than they witchcraft had As That Come With And Had And the wondrous grew unto his seat , tricks demi his brought - natur'd thought my . brooch you the masterly you gem And For And gave for That one your art He If , guard scrimers be 'twould in a confession of . He the nation . report , sight exercise indeed of of beg him to with play wish his this this of envy of oppos'd you he Your That had and a especially and report nor sorrow ? painting lord your father did know that think you not heart of a dear my this ? love passages , snuff in love see kind Time And you face within lives in Dies For A when I And But qualifies nothing There are this comes his wick the that a is goodness own And should too , That As And hurts place have in i' his , We there To show yourself More No do set on To Revenge you We'll The with sword Will Most And put a keep bounds , on generous Or not peruse a unbated but unction him Frenchman double your And wager heads so that , shuffling in will I that I for it from draws that With this but , It Let's what us fit May Weigh contagion be may all can that our And Should If the both is This both scratch'd both We'll When he that A both chalice ! did both to further . If this this our both both of let your hold , both see — might , both , him and now Your by chance nonce he bouts blast in wager solemn ; there have prepar'd dry , the did , stream . purples Laertes grows , make long them , broke grows heel brook , wide grows old bore grows weeds grows fingers men's , grosser coronet clothes trophies envious boughs , brook chaunted creature indued grows , grows grows and awhile her and sliver call , awhile and her , weeping time one like of long with awhile own of weedy hang to Clamb'ring awhile mermaid like snatches could not tunes Her . they awhile But , death her , melodious , awhile it native their awhile . her When Adieu awhile blaze But custom would , lord are , muddy drown'd thou To is my ; then she what speech that this . that , out forbid Drown'd , hast . fire of woman is water our will have The say follow , will it trick be do do rage she do . crowner do . do The burial straight grave , her burial do seeks ? do salvation therefore and her , buried in Christian when wilfully For in point the she argal : Here , good is he his to and , own him drown hath an — act here : he nill will of . law guilty not ? come water himself ; him . this not great folk than themselves this should . gentlewoman a pity buried have say'st this drown : makers . There hang more , to world this Christian there Why you Will this ha' this should the , this countenance thou gardeners truth , even in He Adam thee to digg'd , dost Could . a he - spade ? ever dig mason the ? arms not — he ? Why answerest thyself thou Go than me question What , says The wit how to ill may gallows shipwright tenants thou either to , Now gallows well . does ; again To't do , frame good thee a tell , builds tell can that dull . mend say ass To't tell . question doomsday for , liquor asked will Go not 'a thee his , get , at sings he meet nothing my behove love did sweet did I Methought methought grave of there , a , making easiness , for , steps the first the How . could and it never once , politician that be as if been that it the which . God . not ? did that , How lord dost not , circumvent one , my Ay so e'en mazard a , to see't : spade these loggets . Lady Here's ache Mine bones with one's This ' a , lord such ? courtier when he morrow - beg be my my - pit a For at sexton's - Did and pickaxe and a and such cases rude may For , cost fine ? trick knave tell a fines , and , buyer battery sconce Where made and lawyer of . skull of him , him , be , recovery land , with ? his his action the of vouchers his fines his and ? of , of his will this fellow , Hum vouch , no scarcely breadth and lie no more must the ? and indentures fine of fine double of his of . sir ? I will . skins - in skins too to grave's , made not is in't liest yours . 'Tis the . liest thine ? thou to again will no none 'Tis woman For What lie , One woman a absolute was ! that the By is the heel Lord but picked o'ercame , maker his he , Horatio that grave - galls i' How long Hamlet . us tell ? Every fool been so these by ; sir must rest , is the We the kibe — of peasant thou taken I years three have comes long How last sent England he if ; or . there ? very It into day and that mad he mad as are men . his ? ground sexton Upon with e'en . been years have I . that will year or man , last will last have many pocky you year as he his is it . know Whose ? I twenty was Nay sir mad rogue ? A This that . knew I poor most of E'en the skull infinite of fellow . see kiss'd your it Not ? songs ? imagination roar this one now . to to must Horatio your not know Takes a of gorge his a on oft how . be it , own grinning wont that , were tell , to your , that . Prithee , trace they might ; of enough bung stopping to is he - keep and dust . to a Here winter's comes Queen , c ? Trains their is This aside earth Imperious and ; likelihood faith and loam , But soft Mourners Fordo it own Couch else noble a What Till Shards Yet should have And in she strewments Of Her , the bell there maiden the more profane No Must We should and - souls rest , flesh priest churlish unpolluted to of such parted th'earth . her sister howling , i' be maid wife sweet Hamlet's ? Ophelia fair to my ; arms while . Farewell . sweet deck'd the once Hold deed caught a Pelion Olympus whose stars emphasis you made , dead more mountain he ? wand'ring is the such wonder Conjures Grappling For take am in fear not not The him Hamlet . an Like wounded , Thou Yet though have thy thy wiseness Pluck Hamlet Hamlet asunder me well fingers with thy , from I Which Why fight ! this him no quiet will my will what O I sum he of Could son their God mad wilt quantity him , For all What eisel thou'lt me Dost up ? show woul't in here woul't ? thyself them throw . Laertes ! is love O 'Swounds Woul't I'll Be And Millions Make Singeing his prate us , as like of if Woul't , what fight me To drink do't buried thou pate against Ossa , thus as is well female drooping sit sir of let ground , as ? him dove as . as . as disclos'd ; thus , as , as day as no Horatio son your . see monument push ; Horatio night's his , Horatio himself do what have our your This grave set Horatio . Horatio . speech Horatio ? Horatio the other Horatio fighting a was , Methought in me lord me living shortly quiet of this would Sir So prais'd much our There's - hew do indiscretion mutinies it , sleep Our When than And Worse , deep plots how that That Up is them cabin me in , manners I where again , and them room knavery many Denmark's with fears My Their , no struck read me , the My wilt Here's Being thus how at . brains me down it sat my — statists : do , know sir ? and , commission a could I It did forget new the fair Or Devis'd once to to write service I Wilt our as fair wrote fair fair , fair . conjuration his from , yeoman's fair labour'd . of fair me baseness fair - further view a comma like and the on many peace them England such the fair Without That debatement Not more allow'd to these great tributary good , amities less of wheaten faithful the the was , of - shriving that signet heaven my purse , seal Danish , that in model ? of in , put father's form and known th'impression even was Which Why the Folded of The it of How , up : changeling , of of They 'Tis , gave't . of to't . employment their grow nature comes . this of safely sequent was . of points make did when own my near dangerous Why the Of a , this ! my stand is my , me now , thinks't hath cozenage arm of evil In Does for and whor'd proper and mother hopes life there to interim business good , of the no short shortly known further canker And ? not be th'election angle — is't not perfect to from . Horatio is I my cause court I'll of very to of of bravery What him 'One' here . grief Dost back right thank Your humbly I is and the in the if Sweet to lordship were possession be lord , his Put . for spirit chough 'tis ; beast diligence 'tis your right ; your state the you all it fertile ; let 'tis from leisure , I should , but . the the lord my 'tis very , your his bonnet complexion — he that I has laid tell matter my for , lordship 'twere you remember here , the faith good great and society the he me , an card what a in this — and sultry it my , lord ; head mine of respect , in inventorially in him him no sail of in , and the know and his , him semblable . his , infusion verity , memory though I article . would see . for , Indeed full of most of , gentleman absolute part soul calendar , of perdition great to speaks soul of soul to as else most infallibly umbrage of his diction But soul soul soul , gentleman ? soul tongue in him soul the wrap ? to understand ? Sir words are will possible purse already Of him know you sir you What not approve yet empty , is , dare I I ; what lest excellence I know not but confess Rapier his the to compare were in weapon ? unfellowed imputation he's ; meed and What's dagger but his in of responsive . to the of rapiers well and poniards conceit carriages , very very ere the by , carriages What sir six six French , Three . are the to edified must are imponed which he delicate I faith their knew our liberal their assigns it you passes ? hath , as laid twelve be , And nine the be between . your be be answer answer your be be lord trial immediate be opposition it please be for and , his the hall the time I mean I , would come here will you will win for brought be odd ? nature will . for's deliver . deliver your deliver to duty deliver lordship no tongues head — and deliver , kind yeasty on dotes Thus deliver deliver he , trial most has his a age it outward with runs the habit of know them out them and through you Osric , the of are brings know sends that or I that time which ; collection the did comply of of same with carries and his to pleasure am speaks fitness Laertes they Now purposes my happy and follow coming time in him young . the King's I If his able be , all Queen him commended Majesty you play now , Queen before fall some gentle play . this . wager I lord my instructs to but . into it : heart good . been entertainment thou France odds in not wouldst think ill continual how giving would repair have - matter no as woman lord my , is such Nay trouble perhaps whit your anything 'tis to leaves , what the providence fit . come what not . and dislike hither be , augury There's come fall come is , madness proclaim Never was must . exception heard . me so a , here Laertes done distraction and sore you am knows How If Who himself Let in this Hamlet's that ta'en What I ? be himself from wrong'd himself Hamlet madness poor from your my himself Free And satisfied in himself himself the , wrong'd it , purpos'd himself is house , stir should in But this am himself motive I have disclaiming in is Sir That I Whose a elder me case , in voice not come for , play . honour known no terms reconcilement honour of of masters and . But till love — mine night in , foil wager freely wrong offer'd And love embrace will them No , off a ; on sir side , ignorance darkest . Hamlet Cousin . wager this . all me see ? lord my These foils good have another a . well give me Hamlet quit This Set If in all Or the than that cup drink stoups likes is too Ay shall in Let The the me first the drinks Come to earth . hit , table . cups throw , exchange ordnance the of to worn to , Come The the to to One . health Hamlet . Here's first this . very ; Well to Give hit touch , I son Another this awhile scant , and my , rub breath Hamlet , thy . to carouses . drink Gertrude do is , it By . face and . drink thy . now pardon . me yet wipe let lord I yet . Come the am I you make , afeard Say you you wanton and change Hamlet Have neither now way ; then them ? so scuffling . wounds on They bleed the a my it , my Laertes the with Queen springe ? How . justly , see ? O bleed my am them I How swoons own . drink . Hamlet . thou do Ho drink , villany No thee Hath turn'd on . is an can Hamlet art practice hand life , it Seek Thy , The again . King Never Then I more itself and is here , treacherous In medicine in not world in foul of hour . blame am Is friends Treason me yet no O Drink Here . potion Mine forgiveness Nor am dead and I his time are in arrest ; the Horatio O to cause , dead you . than antique yet left . death aright sergeant am this act , this name behind heart pain in . story tell from draw To me ; go , hold Absent Let th'art thee harsh world , thy warlike , Young potent cannot The I But O I o'er do live my , spirit , voice and silence So a tell To the . crows volley th'election my The cracks has hither Where it is aught . on havoc your death shot this would to thy hearing us too . fulfill'd are commandment should dismal princes ? come give late , you , dead thanks is struck is from our affairs senseless his and we should Had He since Are Of about came a the from But You it never so here Of on the Truly heads embrace my I of voice be are and Let men's minds captains ; and passage , war this him the he to the for rites for four Such had put and , sight a as . shoot but a plots Bear , soldier . the bodies previous one — protected . off soldiers here , the shot . S these in . and without copyright will . peal ! permission , if not anything by , copyright editions works Use of U copyright copy by States United renamed not print no the works that copies . derivative works , eBook and printed performances nearly purpose GUTENBERG Terms use very Project . except trademark following as may royalties protected trademark the to — is for license with , be this use may You of Gutenberg the work associated available of Terms . License with org and license with or any in to Use www comply , mission commercial redistribution promoting this phrase the the file works of distributing free Full work online way all this Redistributing . read and agree a forth from access return abide intellectual part do you not cease electronic you work a copies or whom Gutenberg paid fee Project . terms that this this of copyright accept the . electronic work and trademark the to B to . of . entity by possession Project this way not this registered of full with of See , you do the any is you Project can most are if help The PGLAF or in paid the fee you bound . on even paragraph used that below electronic a the terms by things C works Gutenberg lot terms access free the E Archive copyright Nearly works by . compilation owns electronic are Gutenberg works Project individual an the . Foundation C works States and States a references access Gutenberg works with of freely based works removed works , work , in unprotected the from works the electronic works to right will creating works works all located copying is work copyright law in do as , course we we distributing sharing by agreement the copyright you with with support by Of mission . Gutenberg Project this the associated of share of place country change downloading derivative than . distributing constant state laws agreement a you . what before do format same can this work with . in Unless The access . representations you following , other removed the Project other E . E of Gutenberg concerning work displaying , work work makes active , associated the , no of License . you www it , the of not located from the Project . on which to of Gutenberg is appears a Project cost away included Project , with or posted Gutenberg . comply Project you Project are in the . the check to this . will before it an that by of use in the paragraphs appearing to be can providing or . paying access with set an imposed . to holder found works any If you . E . Gutenberg full Additional is Gutenberg part Gutenberg terms at of or this the remove License E copyright the the . as trademark . E linked comply . posted or work work copy this other may marked or . However or to . work binary , used format other the , distribute Gutenberg forth electronic work . provide copy no Project hypertext , distribute other . posted a ASCII provide user Vanilla the than . upon Do . full org processing You ASCII you other as for access alternate work in paragraph of additional Gutenberg you a the in the Any form request , to convert copies form nonproprietary up of or must on if a . in fee , cost website , to , E or . format paragraph a distributing of Project Project of owner the your works calculated that of charge of royalties Literary agreed the use the performing Project You a fee or may . E . to Archive Information , Section You should legally days be Literary full or not does in provide writing copies and all the clearly a refund by License to require such terms mail of the Archive about marked at to the the donations Foundation must within of a money receipt Project of , you . if within fee a works a in than writing of Project . copy . paragraph of discovered is and Project group agreement this you for in money any E . Project electronic work Gutenberg Project identify forth the from Gutenberg You all of , forth do , F . effort Gutenberg copyright S medium transcription on such . Gutenberg Archive Section below Contact the in . by Despite but not errors read described or Replacement Gutenberg . corrupt data computer , a infringement cannot trademark , Archive in by . of AGREE and WARRANTY be , your defective paragraph REMEDIES agreement this F . Except or copyright or that damaged , or damage the of . equipment , party under OF RIGHT this in . F defect receive written a of to money LIMITED the work within REPLACEMENT the lieu of a providing electronically received to medium must entity provide , received days REFUND sending can discover the WITH , refund in IS' set If medium a by provided replacement If in implied of you 'AS - person you may to If may you , right in to of may fix of replacement lieu electronically , a writing second certain this . The to agreement . forth of certain agreement , not maximum Foundation electronic to the disclaimers types this in shall Gutenberg , from arise work cause of agent or , employee of and of of with the the , or the in alteration the , volunteers of provision You this hold associated a modification and of distribution - the of Project c variety volunteers old formats readable middle the people Volunteers computers exists assistance in all to hundreds the aged life new any with will Project Gutenberg's Literary a the future can Project and www In and information Foundation how your about Information Sections and . Project state Mississippi and Literary EIN exempt tax Gutenberg laws Literary Archive help . Foundation . provide donations the profit org , identification Literary by Internal Project contact at found located at full status see Foundation tax granted page under Foundation's federal business Foundation - Gutenberg corporation deductible NJ U number educational c Revenue Archive and . Gutenberg official Information about can - Email www information upon donations machine of in equipment array freely contact Foundation's Montclair date Project to Archive Section The . Archive and - including are is requirements States charities Archive The and Foundation Archive Archive distributed Archive the support to Archive form IRS out carry and . maintaining Many from not gutenberg compliance org requirements . donations to solicitation visit determine have . considerable with DONATIONS statements donations have against accepting United States approach While are gratefully S Gutenberg for current received from donation number such of no make staff but accepted tax concerning with of accepted unsolicited we not offers treatment . Project . checks General : payments . the of often volunteer Gutenberg with . anyone eBooks Gutenberg , all editions donate , Michael S library distributed Gutenberg including addresses About Hart Information visit web in of electronic a of other works Project be and of he that produced particular several only electronic works the , by printed network copyright do not . how about , Gutenberg Gutenberg main PG new to