there unfold . and Stand King ? Who's answer He . upon . hour bitter 'Tis . thanks had am sick at bed come You thee your good Not meet watch bid and . stirring a mouse guard , to quiet I And Have night of hear you night , Who you - Give , who . honest Give Barnardo , farewell soldier hath place . there ? Horatio good appear'd minutes , have not Therefore to Touching this I our fantasy hold seen speak approve tush if watch dreaded us have , along us to apparition of him of him this not awhile assail story , our sight and He us Well we so 'twill it . from that all Barnardo of , the one t'illume westward , again to speak like where . the ? it , King fear myself dead , time . form charge to spoke . wonder . I it , speak and , gone 'Tis sometimes ! See speak ! frown'd he He Is Thus gross the some strange and . subject and and the observant the knows . task this that Sunday shipwrights of of whose the me ? Norway , us to emulate valiant esteem'd ratified his by ; of side this to so slay forfeit he , which the gaged Was as King , seal'd lands ; conqueror same design'd , Fortinbras Well Which been carriage skirts a , of our state : head land the in like . enterprise no , but watch , dead the trouble the mind's these the be it graves and , stands , streets fell ; Rome Julius state question through armed was it is most In Did the ere A to palmy and is the earth countrymen , fates doomsday precurse preceding Have , Unto behold . it , illusion ! or and omen still of the coming together climatures ! soft If to , though thou may If art if treasure O country's earth oft and ? partisan stand it it Stop Shall here will with my . the as it do To For it And We wrong 'Tis gone so invulnerable cock , vain It sea summons the have . like when shrill at the of erring , fire trumpet I to day the and of Th'extravagant present . Doth Whether Awake the lofty and in is 'gainst the birth no no long dare charm abroad stir power that , the nor and are they wholesome , But I So , the the dew so and . night spirit is Saviour's that on faded It then , dawning singeth then hath part russet for what yon . clad mantle eastward hill advice tonight life my , him it upon by my seen have , loves , him , green bear and Voltemand , and , To Though To contracted grief one discretion sorrow , warlike our on of death Attendant . nature ; befitted kingdom , thanks , marriage , and dropping and to sometime Th'imperial That Yet so we , as auspicious weighing we barr'd dole our gone , defeated sister remembrance this with one nor one know advantage lands his of bonds So surrender pester dear of time all of and of worth , here this with of out frame writ scarcely Fortinbras young . us , hears , of have rid , we to in ; purpose that , the dispatch , levies herein To Thus much the business is : scope . King subject and - nephew's bed his his To His Farewell For it and your articles , more old Norway , power allow . than commend VOLTEMAND will we heartily What thy is't to to ? France Denmark have , return in bend to wishes your you father's your laboursome will beseech do his By , my and thoughts My Have hath I Aside . is Not How thy But And , my graces it I thy a too like thy much Do not with cast look clouds still hang the . less ever A colour friend father common know'st 'tis Passing for nature nighted am noble , all on Denmark . die . common good mother , the shows passeth play ; suits father Hamlet ; persevere term father your nature in that mourning give obstinate most . condolement some for . sorrow and of bound impatient unfortified obsequious lost , have these and the trappings , the to fault peevish will must understanding Why heart Take dead and , common , is heaven to fault a thing our most simple a mind , who he 'This From the first most ? we , that still , note you today take throw whose 'tis a be , ' A This You And impart cheer , school you and comfort in immediate dearest to our son , eye , to . the in Here Do pray I in Why madam Hamlet desire bears , cousin of Madam fair not Hamlet cousin ; come you , go , in Denmark cousin clouds tell whereof drinks , cousin , again cousin . cousin today shall and ourself This Sits , as 'tis a in and a ; heart unforc'd bruit away too the , much , in garden O fix'd O this unprofitable ! dew would - itself Everlasting uses fie things rank world unweeded an of not God to this ! earth grown name were of my mother , to winds loving , hang him ! her unrighteous tears to sheets , good ! With She Than My break glad do am , And same that good , my . ever lord friend lord make Sir I'll change you to glad you good My in A truant shall make it . yourself Against what you drink affair know ear is lord We'll , I Did my mind's , met had coldly thrift Thrift Or ever him ; he take look lord My lord I the My admiration your Who I ? I . I a , marvel attent This witness I ear my father for God's I , Saw I I Season an the nights Barnardo and A , stately and slow the Been For love point By Stand exactly them encounter'd his Armed Almost , dreadful In jelly . word made your like not But hands had the them thing they I apparition where you upon the to speak ; methought father in time the both night deliver'd as of answer Itself And lord none , head I : it morning like it from sound the , as shrunk our vanish'd And the up motion honour'd down this troubles duty true , our , 'tis . me know Hold , Both . Arm'd top my say my you , toe . BARNARDO and lord , not saw my lord yes , more countenance A or than . anger ? face frowningly in in been you . it Stay'd tell . I Longer MARCELLUS , would might longer no . saw't life his hundred , BARNARDO haste a long . His It was beard Perchance watch tonight in ? again walk you assume it be hap no tongue , father's hell I conceal'd , fare . itself person . shall . and . twelve honour ! well , tonight So eleven , ye you . come . well ; will men's eyes do winds the is Forward , violet not The A Hamlet let , you give . Farewell benefit . that toy nature blood a of more more . sweet the permanent youth of in not minute , lasting , primy , but crescent does but it so ? this besmirch his his persons state depends ; body circumscrib'd choice , loves he and believe no place . further , sister open ; moon infants to 'scapes her not buttons maid the shot you of unmask canker oft then the rebels of near my lesson good this Youth Be And Virtue Out the chariest and be strokes disclos'd of fear , libertine , But reckless . heaven to way good lies liquid their before Too watchman Do the like the And stay I Yet Show , O Those here The wind stay'd character thou And Nor these Laertes smiles Occasion ? Aboard , aboard my , few Be precepts There blessing memory no vulgar adoption . gaudy : station and , can but thy proclaims best chief in may man the may rank that may ; may ; be may friend : judgement may thy fancy purse as the remember you to he , Ophelia you please 'Tis private me he very and free been audience to hath touching . yourself in shall , so 'tis put on tell , time Marry be Given , affection If way of , Give yourself up to speak it lord of like green you me clearly . must so your the me you . think girl . baby ; call . perilous tenders you sterling have I'll my believe in yourself for tenders think what I more pay a . phrase dearly a You circumstance ; love me go , my heaven - a From presence rate Hamlet ; making both in extinct . do daughter , of his speech these burns to more their promise tongue the springes catch than it your . him entreatments Lord For walk he he , In for few their may . tether as heat : light scanter to much you vows dye . plain slander charge or terms This , come your Hamlet . Lord lacks . lacks the . walk draws to lacks rouse lacks bray lacks lacks , nations phrase , attribute particular height west them , guilty , at with it our in wherein mole of of indeed and drunkards though and marrow the o'ergrowth birth it men , men defect as of Fortune's star one these , livery be man censure as they else , undergo corruption from questionable a such and grace . evil doubt of scandal comes , hell , death but thee me of our shake the to So With why , thou Revisit'st That Making , cast Why thy To is you it with What it desire . action ? do we to , As It Look not , follow it . lord my then . the by removed ground , into form sea other summit the of my lord the fathoms madness on Go Without looks hears It That very more so many roar . thee lord . go follow my of of desperation every your you Think it . out shall petty fate cries the I'll Unhand ghost , And hardy I'll Nemean each away As am , say heaven He To in state ? follow direct the after Have me Whither wilt Nay to My thou almost hour I So art I , Speak And Are thy two fretful hair combined the blood of tell To Would And each particular stars ; unfold of and certain Doom'd I burnt for the the secrets to But my am blood , word that I forbid young - house , O , list must blazon to stand porpentine not love it . best , thoughts I stir not thou stung That duller me that , ease than the Lethe be . of whole , youth father's crown did know , thou process the ; forged Now so in my ear my on itself May thee revenge apt in out 'Tis A Is ; but abus'd Mine with gifts wit wicked With , of that uncle won will , adulterate noble . beast traitorous his seeming falling of there ! whose , From mine lewdness , sate radiant in on garbage a And Will lust Though of though wretch a a as , in . be With porches always custom my thy effect man whose ears hebenon hour let me methinks ! juice in an gates swift Holds such The a most and The thin And smooth my by body . and brother's hand , dispatch'd , it body ; unanel'd of , did into droppings . vile with bark'd about to my it be act let pursu'st and bed royal luxury aught thou her thy this thee ! most bosom . thorns howsoever her sting shows the mind not Against O With all hast thou my imperfections ! If Taint But O all But , you bear I shall this In I'll poor thou And And , Ay observation observation distracted from wipe of And Within Unmix'd observation may . That youth the table fond all , observation past observation ; observation . observation . Heaven . Within 'Adieu I So , there am Within . Come , my , My Illo ho my , ho , be it , O What Hillo ho is't How boy lord my heaven it ? lord Good I lord you'll , No Not How say Nor , then But , reveal , you'll by you my my I of man would ghost To this lord arrant a , from the , pray . lord ; words you , my own my part desire I'll and for — I'll I'll you ; man every fit desire I'll I'll , I'll whirling I'll heartily , offence Patrick too , no Saint honest as As you known you and , my , I Nor In sword faith lord . faith already . Art , lord sword have , my my the sworn hear Consent . lord . have sword my . we'll shift ground gentlemen Then hither Come ubique ? your speak to Beneath . sword have . my this Swear this my to the Propose speak Swear our that , good . you sword it give strange Horatio , earth in of in never philosophy heaven stranger as day There Than Here , are are more , Canst With encumber'd antic hereafter or as And at thus pronouncing know' I you 'Well we list to speak' ; or 'There or soe'er your dreamt strange arms , times To As perchance an put such , by we . most : me at Swear Beneath what t'express love And all , aught ambiguous or of be note do , O . to spite born of out is time Rest With May , my friending Hamlet you , together . let's on fingers poor a man me So . Let your not . cursed Swear us ever shall . lips , go is and to you pray in , will him . notes these good to his Of you shall this him My Before do know And Than Take they your particular encompassment , and , how By this , what drift come and of and are said well did intend , mark , question and ; 'not Reynaldo on so rank ; him ; slips usual charge in him season to breathe his lord do ? working , would you , prenominate consequence the or 'friend phrase , does , my about to ? ' ay : 'I and . this lord good then was mass He I , At 'closes then 'I Your Shall With lord You my windlasses brothel him he , saw such at out was or There There saw falling a , By bait or so forth ; truth reach bias you not . me , his Farewell lord ply ? what's been name so matter the ? in sewing of I with all his gyved head lord my With in , have his and , And his shirt a , he Mad horrors what his God stockings other , me me . fear I love his down for been so piteous all o'er length What as Pale My To lord if As I speak , a draw falls As He thrice he As all and and mine stay'd shaking . such his goes And the other last it being his his to with seem so — his He by brow , went find rais'd he he so go down profound shoulder done he bended their without , out would head And , At And What have with , No did but did words hard property will natures any you access His ; you my his hath to letters as him go is very heaven , passion proper in we to , common ourselves younger to . King might age our the than utter kept beshrew . opinions did fear'd But ! trifle judgement , for to grief More must , And As To It lack discretion it wreck thee cast is , close go hate being which , that need hasty Hamlet's Something Welcome , Moreover th'exterior you to and did to ; nor much Resembles it , we have . death was that , What the , thus it so call I it . Guildenstern Rosencrantz him humour up entreat his rest , put should inward heard provoke him , of I days so . of dream of so your , us to as on you within , gentlemen Good aught Whether open'd , am , hath I time pleasures our of glean thus remedy him . not will there talk'd are please will good much it gentry . he so adheres men , in and commanded full at to our , is Hamlet , Rosencrantz my . good been the lord . good news return'd father ? as him of my , Th'ambassadors duty my my , I to my and or of do or to feast . th'ambassadors do of cause or the speak As Both think to that or gracious I Assure — hold or do Hunts it very Hamlet's I hear great or that other no sweet fruit , that hath or He The His I Welcome , fair from friends main marriage him and suppress to greetings what of sent which , he out good my the but and shall , Most Upon was so falsely , found , further pass : allowance for safety set On might entreaty as his before , thousand commission regards therein consider'd and we'll So Gives That at , to feast . together welcome more and at your upon time took labour . to , day What My is , to night be madam Therefore And Mad but be for waste rest , night we'll nothing since liege This What More matter , I art with let Your the should , tediousness brevity majesty I is't be I That But That 'tis true true for grant us farewell but . nothing . son outward and limbs : will then him , Mad Or say , it this remains And Madam he let find less else but go that . foolish at And I Who given vile phrase , Now the in Hath we 'tis , mad Thus have an the celestial Hamlet surmise , defect by she and most — Perpend . is beautified , thus . Ophelia a shall obedience , fire the truth dear am I I best , Thine evermore that But thou Doubt , be , faithful , stay be I that sun doth liar , best whilst , numbers I . But All by above my , obedience , dear fell This most thee love And lady O this , and ; is , place . you might , and sight think , work , resort bespeak round dumb did I from herself thus I of then lock receive , took messengers And of to — a ' . is young think upon No prince the , a Thence Fell he Which not must to done , 'Lord Hamlet And might a went ? my That This And such there she fruits , wail . this for think , And watch sadness , then into declension that , fain ' so . know . otherwise be hid indeed find though , Hath may a positively When time very , I'd likely ''Tis ? said will , from You may we Here sometimes lobby . four further ? loose encounter the And Mark But do poor comes wretch you give both leave . I where farm . carters it We try will the , sadly Do me so , would Honest my lord , goes honest . fishmonger . lord a a ? my be as not walk if the sun breed Have daughter — dead my true carrion th' you gone me How . say . speak ; he I'll first by said Aside may in i' ? truly And Words who , you that mean satirical read that eyes you lord ; a have , honesty to , All . be which that slave it faces hold go old the Slanders . their that old thick down will on . Aside . grave my I my leave . of madness the air ? delivered meeting that the Into be often I the suddenly You withal , cannot sir contrive honourable well my fools . old ; These Fare life To to seek God from , Hamlet save My . lord ! sir Lord the go Polonius Guildenstern . button very shoe ? her my not children the earth ? happy ye , over not , lads the of are are of the - in privates most true her ; or lord . strumpet a is she not my , Faith live her the that the we . more true world's , one confines many a , question hands the ? Let prison hither prison Prison in Denmark 'tis none think ; so ambition space Why , indeed be , it one . were in it merely for , and count that ; ambition are a ambition but itself is of dream shadow's so hold I A Which could , ambitious Then shadows are Shall a shadow dream . light a , th' to . our . matter I ROSENCRANTZ free a a other fay , GUILDENSTERN you rest you but thanks Is , visitation I ; too poor , of am with justly , am To the you to that . confession . in to my me are ? Come inclining in come dear . no thank halfpenny even thanks you . And sent is . you were could rights of proposer What for even direct or have , I then an . off we no . say . sent for anticipation my with mirth feather sterile , disposition my forgone promontory brave golden of all that , action , reason pestilent this and noble a man , than with in god to not form dust ? paragon quintessence of apprehension , it , all you roof the , lost me a . your My Man lord think did laugh my you of in , Why players that He of not gratis adventurous king are from shall and the the lady shall make say for't shall the What players such to were wont Their residence ways better was ? city reputation in both the in — by did followed when they the Do I same No it How comes wonted ? keeps tyrannically endeavour little eyases clapped stages common aerie , their are so and berattle are rapiers , they no grow . should means them if if . are . longer Who — they their much tarre , no . sin to . for . there controversy Is't argument them to the O boys has has make question poet unless very , carry is carry are the carry more Your . players carry ceremony and to There ducats while for ; strange carry they my , carry welcome my Gentlemen appurtenance uncle welcome should my what In But . of but north mad , baby you you there be , at out they for child a ; players . it Mark so . an . Well too yet the of a for : lord actors The , Monday to , lord an Roscius was , history , are . The best Then actor either , These heavy are too light scene , comedy historical or , tragical , pastoral liberty the and judge be of nor Plautus the my Israel had he lord Why . more , of Seneca comical - tragical unlimited Aside I Am which Still loved passing you me What my , not daughter that Jephthah well For where thee is to me my , O . friends thee by the thou lady , your , By'r ! welcome . my will . all comes , more was you like it valanc'd voice , Masters fly , ring . the within to't . cracked Come ? Denmark Pray your What to heaven give , lord , play was in , set with mine an much the in sallets phrase honest the no the — the nor , in cried matters said . I author . at , but much no matter an in to slaughter me . method that as in the wholesome it it resemble Pyrrhus he his purpose this of and loved chiefly 'Twas speaks of Aeneas' where begin Hath With heraldry not he by matter savoury Black The When he lay : gules With their lend and Bak'd And murders like eyes vile of To well gules , God gules Striking short gules where His he lies . gules Pyrrhus to command gules . with the falls whiff father feel base to too lord my Of reverend Pyrrhus' ear prisoner as , to see some tyrant painted and lo and . seem'd Did declining Priam a So And in a , with a , sword head milky . storm stand below , heavens speechless thou Out In general round bowl Now With And Mars's less the did sets - fall sword eterne heaven wheel ; Fortune on falls As too to as , to shall And Break synod the is ; 'The queen' queen' down and up diadem rheum bisson stood clout and all . and th'alarm o'erteemed caught steep'd , a upon for fear tongue with state gods would her of the this 'Gainst clamour clamour see have well clamour But thee players the better you clamour , well will you clamour I'll not passion of burst instant , death the where After clamour lord , 'scape man My your ; are better . man own Come the , whipping bodikin will Use more them sirs hear of Murder tomorrow play . Gonzago in play you Can ? that and Ay O , rogue b' monstrous God wi' ye this peasant lord . Now I I , passion own visage his a that soul my friends good Good , his am ! do he would What the , Hecuba for tears ; all function ? for motive Hecuba him He the The very And a say Upon A Who damn'd can I have the indeed ears and and the . of a ? it lack does it take should the , 'Swounds me Plucks off villain was As dreams , beard and made nothing No whose defeat me my the as deep this , what like bitter Why the my - by dear bitter revenge of a and a , should have , am son fatted . lecherous This bitter with heard Foh very heart hell ! words bitter , at sitting Fie bitter unpack murder'd bitter no organ though struck by A a cursing cunning to have With I ! is drab a the my the tongue my he If tent I'll They That , Must And fall ! brain that presently of creatures something the pleasing weakness , shape , uncle him know of me T'assume a , More very . such the quick Play Before As Abuses I'll Wherein course . observe that devil melancholy have play's of his of have like , murder I'll I'll than catch conscience devil I mine the is relative And damn my perhaps seen blench I have all can Get so dangerous the and me this the harshly turbulent With from He does him Grating do find on well . a crafty be sounded , told we that are They , did it And , as We And night I of hear To o'er Did assay , it think to With there raught purpose give him to , shall We his , To he all Will sent be If't gather of encounter frankly judge unseen sent , sent hither may lawful Hamlet sent , Gertrude have 'twere we Affront myself Ophelia . their ourselves sent he he That suffers of him sent bestow so Her sent part obey you . cause . blame in colour this , do your wish again please on Read , may beauties . book , you , may to it ! painted , lash a smart The Is Than To hear I To in to , heart ; ache is flesh opposing against them arrows To a arms and take end ? say we shocks , of man's unworthy would Who No traveller a The The For who The pangs wrong insolence he and sweat , puzzles know we of have us and . turn awry with of regard currents hue great cast thy orisons you . in Soft their action native the of make name Ophelia my of of well well my , many , thank does The lose And With all sins for to now . I never gave No I , not pray I longed I have know know My know And know things these made know Rich As them gifts the know What know That truly , what to ; Ay Could into his proof bawd a This I you made you once . was the I you honesty can now transform time the loved . me of of such am I . me to as mother ; ambitious should to revengeful , them . At all nunnery better my knaves , in indifferent to that myself in are be Let If thou help O him , as give Or snow . go ; powers enough thou thou you him given marry thou but escape . make jig enough . me hath , another yourselves nickname no more creatures , made a are are amble your wantonness , say . a , live ; The Th'expectancy what you , more O courtier's And Th'observ'd noble bells of all and . marriages Those shall fashion , the , o'erthrown mould , quite of reason , harsh of out of music sovereign tune the suck'd sweet That unmatch'd with . most feature jangled affections There's in brood disclose prevent : tribute different neglected shall our countries , England , him and his his . The We it not shall well . seas Whereon brains himself But do puts . what , send Sprung From fashion of and commencement , please the after Lord How love , the , him ear , confine him so not . not ; I as , all use lines as say give but of do gently many of Nor O pated - ears smoothness whirlwind it , periwig the of of for o'erdoing . it own the of hold scorn . laugh must cannot this players nor — bellowed them made . us . I speak that with your indifferently those . For there question of barren a ready play to will then be . clowns of the them most ? of work piece ? that , King hear the Bid the make players ambition pitiful you make your ! at , Horatio and ROSENCRANTZ will We , service man a no For not may hast revenue , thou think hinges ? hear Dost . let clothe do should thy flatter ; flatter'd been knee suffers . thou absurd the hope my O lord I . thee good but I dear be pomp are blessed and that seal'd Hath Nay lick of of , well pipe a not are they That To what advancement her Give , is sound As No , thee hast nothing , those - mingled choice King man before near do I what , death circumstance the too , stop Whose Fortune's buffets rewards co for please with ta'en That I It prithee Which have As I , As One scene Even Do aught the of will Give his we Well I the whilst , to censure In . I with nothing this answer you My you . so capons these Queen , King Enter our fares Guildenstern the : dish chameleon's : Hamlet cousin you . th'university Polonius , of have , That did brute , my What kill'd th' a ready . Capitol a Julius part , Ay my Come King shall lie I ho a you Nothing between meant lap . your matters country my nothing thought think fair What Do lord ? your only jig cheerfully how my maker What looks ! mother hours lord , man father a should my but died devil 'tis die may months , and do my ago wear is months horse ; then leaves , asleep upon very Queen hobby - hobby the great ! the twice outlive , or epitaph O for ; horse lovingly . pours King loth dead four the , some her gifts end seeming woos Queen to . Marry takes . crown kisses The seems , my lord ? of : is players . in to Be show the argument ; imports mallecho meant you means the . not this ashamed . ring Phoebus' round , ground been sheen thirties borrow'd our sacred bands twelve with Tellus' . and times hath thirty Full Neptune's About Unite our thirty And journeys , is many distrust women's That For , proof hath made fear is so ; doubts my , the great fears is my aught me But So woe Make little love love great grow , love love . distrust must love neither my , is In Discomfort what Where husband the be let must husband , O needs second second confound Such In Aside kill'd thou haply belov'd shalt leave thee in my breast love . bed in dead of treason rest but that but me what think husband none ; forget on validity break . tree , propose is doth , love fortune favourite doth or , question should left yet our aye fortune , The doth who great doth And The 'tis This Grief joy most , grief grief doth themselves on , with either doth destroy ; change , second , food our thou thoughts give first thy me wilt devices and That So But earth desperation would and here opposite Both , To Each deeply sworn Ophelia 'Tis day , with rock , Madam Sleep this word but the heard O she'll how . play you the call you , 'tis a Gonzago wince jade gall'd we anon majesty , see could I between cost you Still better Begin the apt season rank ban , hands Confederate , mixture Hecate's else of blasted and , love usurp dire love . Italian love love with love o'er some love love For Lights , fortunes fellowship cry Provincial roses , the rest my sir ? away of . in O , one dost very — poisoning . lord of note the , him the not it me vouchsafe not . my lord , music — belike the if then in With his . the plunge perhaps to this distempered so not start , frame discourse your wildly my affair pronounce spirit me mother's end your breed shall be , not you , sent the If my wholesome courtesy You welcome return my great . to most in , mother , lord you please is are and . sir as , her , mother such But mother . son she make What , diseased Therefore Then a of you she speak , mother ! ere any me Have this closet ? this no go us with this lord do you liberty what this you bed you do your lack I if , by this were her mother . once is be this that my We shall door How Ay , Good upon Sir when , you the the ? and surely of deny the me me recover , into toil do the your You friend . Denmark own the , advancement King himself for . well , you I . My . to wind do the O lord my , I cannot lord ventages are the my , it with . finger . stops these lying govern Look no it not have will of your with . I utterance , harmony you . a unworthy to how , mystery you , you now would ; compass , be to bless fret than there is would thing stops , music speak , it much sound seem and cannot Queen with of camel almost like and 'tis a a It Methinks , is Very . whale by a come and By bent mother . come to I When said me , day not : shent her , be use ever mother friends out blood my unnatural hypocrites . none be but , consent . in in soul not , not in in . us lunacies England to in nor I let like . along may Hazard his in forthwith doth We The he your madness range so terms commission religious many feed To holy ourselves . it , draw is many upon many it . of the keep Each and whose not upon but whose With Dies Fix'd mortis'd the alone ; it near Are Attends King I we , will For Did Arm you meet process the , I'll arras I'll warrant , liege bed my said , not curse ! Pray , is A , my Though the said more you upon Since that some partial Fare vantage them , I you , to what well — bound intent eldest will eldest eldest : strong eldest can my the come I'll eldest Then we eldest me ; since Forgive eldest ? prayer forestalled And My Can serve Of May to the currents evidence what give My currents , cannot currents Buys is the gilded the In O currents it engag'd , that when , currents O and ! knees as stubborn currents O more Try in state repentance Art , now limed sinews ; Help What then . can can wretched soul And Now To And But 'Tis To When With all how He heaven . O his with circumstance and save reveng'd ? passage his , hent No . And act bed , And mother damn'd some , black And And rage And . And . remain heaven to thoughts below stays sickly and been . Grace have . stood me broad to . round too never , And his He Tell him . Mother be him heat that , mother with silence , wife my . mother so wicked with an , not glass a you you so husband's rood the you forgot not to . by And , Nay now A rat , ho ! am done hast know I Nay O , O deed a kill As A . O bloody kill , rash lady this ! danger fortune down , shall ; it that thou and have What it done In And wringing find'st took I Leave there of rude me of takes As as fair false the virtue the That , And From very Yea tristful this from The Is dicers' . oaths Makes . O marriage a vows deed makes plucks glow , form indeed his of hill , command Mercury set man . ear eyes leave you . like a what kissing brow follows , eyes age judgement have humble ? was't sight . difference hath cozen'd motion hoodman without motion ? motion err sure true one motion part sickly mope Rebellious O a so mutine motion bones be as where sans all sense blush motion motion , matron's is shame To compulsive as Hamlet turn'st will Nay rank bed enseamed , burn charge the . actively speak such , nasty sty and . making grained and black more ears ; love in , These O Stew'd No that is villain the . sweet me mine no enter and a A daggers more part the ! stole kings rule — your gracious chide lets ? command visitation This ! dread , to son passion your of your on thy almost bodies , soul blunted and her your , is is't with eye do air the Forth with you Conceit Speak weakest her Hamlet strongest works ? son , he distemper excrements , gentle ? look pale you Do . stern effects and . in the , you I what piteous this cause do you To all Nor see ; you nothing how ! away the steals . portal . madness test of ; word - re Mother from the as healthful cunning ! me which is keep the , speaks for unction ecstasy , soul time It temperately matter your skin corruption and trespass that have I My And pulse It That For Virtue curb the with purer away for of must leave woo throw , and of hast night live Good Of That evil , who other the all angel gives likewise He With almost shall , is a on that , you have sense fair tonight night good , to For him livery good , easiness or lord it and , do That I bestow be with ; be me so . remains heaven . you And use can the wondrous I'll will must repent I I their and only What I good ? behind kind : the wanton let paddling Pinch Not word , and to begins must Thus One this him in but who Let of assur'd thou life if conclusions break try the Such from that's For own I own forgot . own , schoolfellows my own and I , knavery will mandate trust as own Let the enginer go shall own yard O the and , it that counsellor , Indeed prating , 'tis directly , grave knave end an draw night Mother I'll Come sir was , lug now Who in to matter You in ; is on translate lord good this place what I understand These them seen us , Gertrude Hamlet ! heaves . son ? we fit his when ? in as is And out Which his unseen O Behind this good the , old brainish 'A hearing rat . The hearing the hearing It liberty deed ! man is shall hearing short man was much and , this laid , what hearing . everyone . all us us so deed to bloody hearing was fit of foul hearing providence had we threats us be been ; there answer'd out whose , to yourself to restrain'd But divulging , hath he of very mineral He of , Gertrude O no ship him sooner , excuse all hence what is ore done , slain aid bring body . his to the whisper what's hit soul of may cannon . the , as level his is full poison'd Transports the Into , And Gertrude let Come And And My Within What ROSENCRANTZ noise What us not it bear And it , my they . 'tis kin the come . be to Besides a own and Do to we ? Tell where not Believe what it . believe not should King's his , is not , he his mouthed , by son lord not his not , the rewards of . the jaw have you , not you , and , ape swallowed last , soaks the countenance best of not speech my you King the the in : an like I understand I , body is King where the knavish A you am the thing with Of How must sent He's dangerous it in judgement the is lov'd put the of that this and distracted , my lord Hide eyes weigh'd grown . sending not Yet Who Or not appliance at What now ? bestow'd ? But , Ho my , Guildenstern , Polonius Bring lord before guarded ! my supper . A , we and supper Where ? supper for your the one your else him where supper supper variable ourselves for supper of king end of supper a mean fed hath , but is and eat fat dishes maggots — the not through that him the by ? a this progress fish within him , If a king . shall you To seek heaven . i' yourself see If but Nothing If we this He will till . lobby you messenger If , nose place But seek some If come . safety grieve you if indeed as . you him for , is bent If , If there . thee at ? England For ready , Hamlet fiery hast done we as . do bark and must England our knew'st mother ; for thou come Farewell , see that mother My flesh loving , one and Good and Father . Follow Away it him Delay That , England else leans great Since And thy power my yet for thereof the homage Danish Pays , As to not everything I'll have Pray thou my death The thou And Our By For Howe'er , him that , his the , Fortinbras promis'd king . know duty the my , know would our by of him do't a the in aught rendezvous . with us You will I express shall of powers . on They Norway whose Good against Who old Norway some , the Truly hath go We Why it the Nor That is not thousand debate question no and . this wealth thank you cause without sir . straw ducats thousand peace , sir you I , th'imposthume inward Why be b' . the and twenty much , go , dies breaks of you Will't God wi' my little ? me , before of , A ? revenge straight Sure his spur to that If but And Be Looking That To and he fust in Bestial and which A To have I of gross too thinking , to , this , and such with , and , one know not th'event some . godlike and — and tender delicate army live and Of thought ever three , When And let to Go graves slain the is not numbers , my father to without . stir greatly the stand , I men thousand shame plot fame a I To their the fantasy trick cause continent . time this nothing worth , tomb Which hide My her pitied she father ? would her hears hems Her it doth is beats she of and . use think nods , spoken ill - might own it , nothing in and , there yet unhappily she for , their to winks Though good Dangerous of artless prologue soul seems full itself So spills beauteous , imports , song ? turf , and grass a , green heels a his , mark as shroud Pray you Alas White his the flowers here but mountain grave showers love sweet , what God we are dild you I in Valentine's betime his , they father is Tomorrow And he To donn'd chamber the And a rose up Let in the Never , Saint oath Pretty I'll that maid the morning be Indeed ! do't Alack , will By You done before Young By and An Cock she thou long will well Gis me are they , promis'd me . sun , I cannot ? bed shall my . good you , good good . My night night ground she be O Gertrude grief . her sorrows this When But Next O and , people it , pray , her and First they father single watch ladies , sweet ; I Gertrude author slain spies come ; death mugger to in the mere all from come fair . Poor greenly , matter beggar'd father's his of buzzers keeps containing , my piece death in nothing Like In Gives a to me and Alack door , guard them matter my Save overpeering yourself is the haste , begin impetuous him riotous now call his a not rabble custom The in and false trail shall be to king . the to lord , word known forgot ! we Antiquity ratifiers , and applaud , tongues 'Choose be shall 'Laertes How cheerfully hands , Where we give . Danes let's leave , will me will is this No I . thou vile proclaims , calm , giant fear a would — chaste that's my the true what person - not , our ? Where Dead by . father But juggled . fill to point to To , give profoundest I be reveng'd negligence ? stay for ; only my throughly damnation Conscience Let They my for And little . so . the , Laertes far with all and in foe writ know well husband world the you , go not Of That your If dear father's death will draw is't friend arms , my enemies ? with life then ; noise to to in sensibly level does Let a good Why Like am am That It . What ! dry the Till Nature Should O heat Within As brains . Tears of be now is mine a barefac'd instance it , many rain'd nonny you his , on non him Hey wits well , didst persuade , revenge , move ' , that - a call thou bore nonny a , him and false not the daughter you . it ! becomes could pansies than love . And and . you some here's fitted for remember , more that's This that's for remembrance it of a There's grace o' . died daisy There's rue end passion not he will will he and to And , he come poll as will was was to He All his is , favour No And beard no bed , itself . white dead , death he on pray God soul . b' will apart grief you , God ye , Go Laertes Make And His noble heard , formal , his bones — earth to o'er shall . burial obscure hatchment . 'twere his give this as must to No No be sword , And is the you are I What you , greeted I come what from know them Lord you this is for him warlike very of have letters the in days old Finding valour some . and our of like , turn thieves for thou to to speak in words with them of clear two me repair where I light of of . of as ear will haste King as have Let much make . thou of letters yet they , to dealt they we were gave us I of did the . much England too have : of me you you speedier thou to matter much knowest tell mercy , ship for me thine bore have Rosencrantz the that way , the and him from whom me in your direct for , slain father life Come , I must put that brought To And which and these not and Why well . tell in all , ear But against So by O your As he crimeful Which Lives My virtue you may to almost , as not Why to but moves not yet to , for looks , gender not other myself unsinew'd mother which either and The might him , much seem . and by me great dipping Would have to all could She's Too his , the spring timber'd the bear sphere motive their that to in Would ; turneth count her the gyves slightly so sister , challenger perfections mount may go age must again . think and danger , hear we , them aim'd back , not You . that , shortly for will think That Stood not That we pastime , And . made are worth driven , this to the ! I from ; now that Letters to Hamlet lord , your From lov'd I my Who . Queen news hope ? and it And This , Reads Sailors were . Tomorrow first asking I and mighty . 'High What is Or should and strange more pardon leave mean this , in And you advise , tell sickness him lord teeth thou , ' ? 'Naked ? says 'alone . heart his me otherwise Laertes lord rul'd my by ? not will you own to at be you thine peace undertake voyage , and I wind not ripe shall it accident the . practice breathe he in he . no mother his The if lord My But checking To As more Under To And Wherein they that That been not Of part that say have rather It I be of in talk'd and that the unworthiest very and his livery cap such . since right one Did , you A Yet Than age too health Importing was needful And they settled can Had of my , horseback , but his horse natur'd , becomes it , his my , since his Two against grew weeds . serv'd . brought , of . doing unto He incorps'd So been on wondrous in't shapes what he and tricks did . very life topp'd ? he report , indeed guard rapier out 'twould The , envenom motion your exercise such in of a . cried That That If one And could For He made most sight his of out coming nothing Sir them Hamlet A Or out Laertes of , father was you like your is wick I that you love in spark know see the snuff growing a much at nothing when are there his hath then And We in tongues we would That for and , too or own , like are To back by As his ? son th' . a in deed to what your comes hurts That Hamlet yourself : easing show place To cut indeed have do And Frenchman on , double shall with the shuffling . those this should return'd know you good sanctuarize . church i' , bounds varnish in remiss may , choose . pass a Will Hamlet We'll Most And wager Will And for , draws Collected the us 'Twere back assay'd . drift in not our did proof look wager shape . If that your on hot let , second motion . Therefore , and through or , might means point my , end that are this me sipping your by your solemn to both this , see — him ? hold Our If I As chalice chance woe nonce ; whereon I'll to cunnings . Laertes ? upon sister's , there sweet Your O did name call , coronet men's a garlands a , heel , her her dead hang . tunes spread clothes snatches old up , distress Her , purples , bore not could with element Fell down brook envious boughs do maids cold crow nettles give an wide long melodious . their long from , her garments wretch heavy of trophies awhile herself broke sliver and it But incapable like that Unto that Or As Which Till Alas much what be . of our water of I , out folly have woman will , But And Let It shame to she on be she finds make and , in Why it , unless found herself drowned it do and act . so . Christian her it else , offendendo , hear to , wittingly Nay the herself to , act lies and water drown But . shortens Argal . you not himself drowns to leave me man , mark this myself Here but , if water it . goodman , he drown he death good quest been . great that more burial or hang ancient Adam's their gentlewoman but . thou , Why without dig . art ditchers to thee thyself — me arms ? the mason Could How dost answerest was heathen a , says What ? builds understand put I'll ? not than outlives shipwright , carpenter ? or . come , the To't a faith for or stronger in well - gallows thy It do is stronger to again . gallows like well gallows ? the built well Cudgel pace with thy maker' - Mass no beating . Yaughan In it about ; more you for your stoup love very a did I when houses , The and was sweet . a doomsday this last makes brains this he are love , meet him at thee , next question asked when me till liquor did . behove sense , time , methought feeling little ? nothing was his the , land the in me But And As if claw'd of grave property stealing his with fellow Has e'en if 'twere ! to it one ground th' might It o'er murder - offices sweet one , chapless the about it might How ! not ? now not dost but think spade , spade these and Here's fine the breeding a - lord and to . an shrouding guest his and tricks be , knock about the his of now . meet For such O he shovel suffer . his might in's time , skull of with his ? battery his recognizances his no have in a of , more made parchment jot , sheep of of calf assurance grave's skins ? lord and ones too , than the and a liest to is , in't lie , thine it be For a such I calves and to this a , dost lie a dost thou . sir to me from dead she's or equivocation taken , I the kibe the these , neither none For What woman rest woman ; We , knave a was that absolute us near One How so courtier th' Hamlet , galls ! the . the Cannot that , Lord he came - a I . that was and he is can fool , into if he or England day last since that to't Every — he recover shall , is sent tell , that wits there How , strangely 'Twill there , Very Faith e'en they rot ere th'earth pocky man . years man sexton been rotten I losing in that eight or will , year nine he . a Denmark . have — he you trade lain whoreson will that decayer in earth keep some many last the . another with is this - now - was . And hide your water ; it ? do . think Whose King's skull a rogue Yorick's was , mad skull ? that see A whoreson This pestilence , borne I your jest rises merriment my get imagination Takes My gorge a E'en poor now and at times infinite fellow his how of oft back of mock . and come What's o' so . laugh her one E'en smelt think Alexander . i' that th'earth fashion ! it may so looked so lord . him . dust base the To buried loam and make stop Might why that a O patch that Imperious Should wall t'expel to dead , to jot . was earth Alexander dust he ? is thither so . modesty enough follow But as the and , is that Trains ? estate they their life Fordo Queen Mourners own we . of awhile , aside the following That they What Her have been . as doubtful order was far command o'ersways Her else have unsanctified ground . trumpet should that obsequies warranties pebbles For in great her here is last Till ? virgin bringing , her . be and To We there No she strewments , should . on parted i' her from Must more burial and the home churlish souls rest be flesh . thee angel minist'ring . I thou liest ? Farewell Hamlet's the Ophelia my deck'd , priest sweet wife . grave , thy head arms while earth more once off deed her Hold caught flat I of Till Now pile To this old Bears Conjures the an emphasis stars Hamlet wand'ring . is makes and wonder Good will I , wiseness me Pluck Hamlet , with will ! this , forty love ! Could all of wag theme theme thousand brothers do thou'lt forbear , Laertes do wilt ; What . weep Make , For I'll Woul't , woul't 'Swounds show drink do't . Be And And , as silence Anon I the patience Hercules mew himself you . you ; sir reason ever But use it dog will is no do he may his have . him — son push night's watch to some the last present proceeding . much Sir You in mutinies let sleep our that us the kind I fighting us other the me let remember And Worse than the not it There's That is how will of Methought was a would Rough out room To Finger'd a in that ; and , teach , in me - royal grand My mine where an , Horatio , fine in most had , my cabin ; manners , to so , to the command in dark sorts and , supervise Denmark's Importing Larded My Here's No That not to With on many knavery commission Oh ! and should how you and thou commission wilt Being thus and it me hear Is't the possible stay no of and be bugs leisure , leisure with villanies proceed more at and head read But Devis'd and once to write , as our statists : fair me down sat it my do play begun had I a new commission Wilt wrote the faithful , was like 'tween of their of , but , fair yeoman's between - and know tributary his As service effect many the view stand And As on Without in even shriving How father's that the was I Subscrib'd the it Which Folded Was Does by near already th'impression plac'd it , So did and go employment to't own love grow my me that hath Popp'd Does with Thrown quit it him And To shortly issue To known known known It What the Laertes to mine there is I known favours , see known . this known Dost . you I Your lordship is , lord ; for be vice to . and I as know of , a say impart I should . dirt 'tis good lord Sweet king's is , land I 'tis your cold , lordship , cold 'tis all your head . is the . for the very hot . your 'tis bade . you your it It believe indifferent wager , lord Laertes differences faith I , come shall you to my lord ; Methinks ; mine of him him in , believe is the card or calendar , faith and of , of in I memory you , this he inventorially , yaw extolment such is take mirror dearth and him who Your lordship speaks we the great a respect would no society perdition suffers the continent of , rawer . wrap breath Sir him diction nothing . more in gentleman You . sir , will tongue nomination What imports empty , already the Of faith . me ignorant not are did lest I is words , by on , man That's wager'd his of but confess that ; meed know his but in he's What's two , I hangers very responsive to rapiers French . the . poniards him well . weapons with fancy and carriages you , the margin ? ere you conceit the so and , it take , carriages liberal , by matter their assigns we could But and Danish . cannon on carriages are if be to French swords be german the hangers , all : the imponed you would the If be him is . win odd , in trial Majesty it gentleman the , hits I . can brought your . himself yours . will ? e'en you what duty sir I , after deliver so to I well He comply the did commend before that do and which time bevy , of opinions My I , that same carries but to them Majesty , his attend King and Queen The desires you before She mine to is do You you . me think how Laertes to have been . to play it thou no of their forestall in the providence . I not ; come a . a such . not wouldst I But . my is heart odds lord . not There's special , what and now 'tis , not , what come , me as with must needs gentleman have heard . done I are sore madness . denies madness faction , Hamlet not it is Hamlet awake might I you sir am knows presence pardon you himself is Sir my Let Free That I And hurt I far disclaiming is thoughts house in wrong wrong'd be . evil ; enemy . If't so it Laertes not then , the of it in from arrow . reconcilement known masters But that and will honour embrace And wager brother's freely nature To I do I the foils . one will play ignorance sir mock fiery off me know the wager young , Very Your your like Stick star Laertes foil You foils indeed the o' too is better'd heavy we . you have , it foils . well Let . my , of good stoups see not fear since do he . a me Ay the Hamlet give answer their an battlements drink cup to that the first third ordnance shall the to in all exchange , Hamlet throw he without the kettle have union trumpet cannoneer heavens Hamlet , Give the the trumpet the you drinks to the Hamlet crown worn . The Come , the Hamlet to And 'Now , King Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet . palpable again Hamlet ; I'll by . rub scant win thy . pardon me . late too and it ; poison'd ; I . Good I dare let madam thy , is yet face By is you . violence . a you Say wounds Laertes Nothing so third make wanton best You . with , on Hamlet both to the ; Have wounds Part then lord . am the , swoons How justly kill'd with own to the , She The , practice thy thee good lie , I . slain ; blame to work ! poison'd King's . life of foul friends , me and ! incestuous thou , can Then The . rise I no Drink I OSRIC O yet You I I That that dead free forgiveness , look Had and Mine Exchange strict Is But this harsh thus unknown , ever Absent To And If thou in standing world draw behind , I'll have't . me Heaven , name story . cup good Young This warlike from England lights news voice crows England . my . and . less prince Good angels sing this of woe aught Where come , to ? your would drum hither does it or quarry toward on feast What ? is If To That thou in princes O . is at ; too us is are give come shot a is , is death question is thank , is . dead their bloody you that yet order life mouth his th'ability should unnatural and cunning , and , heads in stage be placed to , Let Of Of these things the view can mistook slaughters shall you hear world cause , unknowing on carnal Of How me on the accidental And Truly have mouth let minds same But Even from whose also memory sorrow claim Which to to this men's while call rights my I be presently prov'd For Bear have he Hamlet was music and happen draw to , kingdom doth will speak . me more this . amiss war his and royally , a like soldiers' loudly the a ; but , lest , wild captains On most Such likely four soldier had the rites for been Let stage , on passage of old sight much editions . will a one copyright Terms U . without and S these works . the the copyright it by in the , the editions an purpose and any charge royalties in General copying Project , trademark this be . use eBook this Project the copies . of You of easy the derivative may of eBooks practically by do U work , States . especially modified and performances with such as creation Full to the online of read the General , Gutenberg . work . trademark the terms . reading indicate destroy and electronic Section By , copyright all Gutenberg Project all terms license If . of this you as forth Gutenberg you do not agreement agreement . by of you associated bound things copies of Project the to access refund agree copy a obtaining full of things this Gutenberg electronic in be to work who be only works a obtain set , any fee the whom to B C or Project If you , of . PGLAF electronic works . Literary of this electronic agreement . Project terms with you Gutenberg owns electronic works copyright to the access E promoting , performing do in United we , domain the in derivative the prevent an right a or you in free works Project . The copyright associated agreement Project with laws in you Project agreement License . Gutenberg keeping work place are to the terms where If in country change laws it work of do share without . what D agreement representations distributing E you removed than Gutenberg Project have the other the sentence , all status the your of creating . you in country work addition any work any other : must Gutenberg appears Project with of Gutenberg a is phrase Gutenberg world , you an that individual , U by appearing providing without indicating not www Gutenberg the under the the use you is of the work , through the . E . comply or is E . the . charges and fees work E Project . E use distribution and . posted any for Additional works Gutenberg the Project part the full Gutenberg work or E . the Project the this any , other not . License E prominently active links additional comply with linked the paragraphs posted Do with not displaying . Do E terms E work may convert , or official no a , a at Project However distribute forth set sentence the work You , to org the . user full of Do charge a for access to Project distributing . alternate Any fee paragraph Gutenberg : fee reasonable E or for Project a upon copy or not copying form , comply or provided the using you fee owed providing . displaying the E . must be he has you to which payments to Project to the Foundation any about as each Archive to within legally required to prepare paid days . full address and such a user Royalty Foundation following owner Archive of the such a works a and of to receipt discovered to all to or work works the use to of in for money provide to paid , to electronic this agreement group Archive Section you in . permission or , which , copyright Gutenberg , identify by to effort Gutenberg do . transcription , but . from Gutenberg E electronic contain cannot be a , corrupt LIMITED these , in described Refund . of . these Gutenberg Replacement medium these WARRANTY trademark Literary , these electronic you to . fees liability YOU these these works , such infringement Archive Gutenberg other and HAVE OF paragraph the any read NO , disclaim a Project STRICT Project the equipment Project the Except F distributing , agreement owner , Foundation . of a sending you , including all NEGLIGENCE legal by in provided that work receiving you of - can person the , you refund writing refund - IS' set of certain certain forth in , the or not void implied disclaimer The invalidity and indemnify remaining agent of , do you , promotion harmless that any - the state make applicable state interpreted this provisions applicable You or any volunteers electronic . Project of agree provision and distribution and from electronic accordance to copies owner , with providing production all cause , cause Mission the provide Gutenberg's and any Gutenberg , It computers of c distribution of of walks all Foundation Gutenberg to In , reaching Project Archive for are critical to . come to hundreds to the about www . Foundation org . Project secure the and Archive the the the provide can donations Project for available and how ensuring need from people support at laws of tax Gutenberg federal exempt tax to the full Project by Internal see - gutenberg non Archive Literary help the a Foundation under EIN more future about Foundation Information and Archive Sections The Gutenberg Literary or your and laws Contributions granted status Foundation's by be identification . The . business date Section , Foundation's U be freely equipment , array of are be distributed charitable Foundation be public Project contact be support of status committed donations particularly to Information be the are not requirements and Compliance much paperwork many to the widespread of mission . solicit confirmation solicit status solicitation the the of donations compliance states such we prohibition particular we To up and fees states in the and not do not visit compliance offers accepted of donations but alone we small . number card org donations of . donation To the works electronic be could of . was www are S treatment for swamp states no Project other donate that he loose from . a Gutenberg credit Project of For with our current originator electronic forty gutenberg the . concept ways including please of . eBooks years do copyright PG . the included not support several as only of . and eBooks new Literary eBooks Gutenberg Gutenberg paper to new