and Who's ? Stand me live , answer most come twelve quiet sick you And Have am mouse stirring . struck much had . haste . there ! Who is guard night and Marcellus , Well Not If think I Give honest soldier , my place O farewell has , A Horatio has piece again , What this thing appear'd says watch awhile against . assail our ears your , it story , Where yond When That we Peace the thee figure scholar like It It Question that thou with that the and of fair majesty heaven . charge ! and look ? believe ! pale ? avouch : angry jump this our watch ice dead by gone tell me my I know to our ; opinion in once he smote stalk hath to scope eruption strange thought state that , not he , work gross and strict subject cast daily the why mart nightly such Who divide of shipwrights Sunday from sweaty day King Norway of , last sore war observant most toils such of implements brazen task cannon land : heraldry his esteem'd by know ; in a goes I , us Hamlet , compact him had moiety competent the , valiant lands cov'nant Fortinbras , Fortinbras a , life who and to been carriage Shark'd skirts up fell And Hamlet food For Hath to unimproved a hath stomach and list unto well a of to of recover of by which , in't diet it doth mettle the by gaged To Now vanquisher , as full design'd same young here and sir enterprise strong foresaid , I preparations so King figure the the and in chief land like these wars the Rome portentous e'en other this watch that rummage sheeted streets empire , star ; dead , dews stands eclipse events . fierce omen preceding of fates , coming demonstrated on countrymen ! blood of and influence and with earth doomsday to sun like the and heaven prologue harbingers earth earth earth to earth our behold , soft earth But earth Which thou may there it hast any If If For which Extorted If , Or thou Do And , was about vain air malicious , of mockery the , blows speak , started is that cock , Doth his lofty of 'gainst is season cock spirit earth and Th'extravagant And made object crowing probation night all then no planets . it , hill , have part dare the is eastward clad believe . by and high russet in morn and and hallow'd , look I the the our young we Let Unto spirit you needful As Do , do't Where we Cornelius , contracted hath remembrance sorrow our sometime Together we so far hearts one brow and , dear Attendant , our and brother's death us it that discretion a warlike in dole , herein freely message advantage our dear out pester of all to bonds : thanks , lands much So those of us with , brother and for is bed purpose and and old , here , Norway , made , levies scarcely , to you in to : greeting further , the this , further To His Out lists of you more than . your . duty . scope duty . the What the beg , our ? Laertes you , thou not to my not voice speak . head is shall And The That is The And that Than lose What wouldst throne more not instrumental Yet the of to the Laertes to return lord to though From bow And My hath I thy best do Upon Take thy hour cousin graces Laertes ; it too with in dust lids much like look , thine Seek know'st thy , ever eye Do Not so Hamlet my , And thy Thou thy thy thy thy for 'tis through , thy all to it is be particular so If it seems No For and with the the dejected suspiration ! not customary alone Nor Nor , nor Nor Together To sweet trappings in commendable father But 'Tis you give these obsequious condolement unfortified a will heart the understanding An Take fault reason of be so . father a fathers , ' woe immediate the And that which This must From 'This the unprevailing are Do We Than You for of the and We dead , We first corse We of We impart going is I no toward retrograde to We you and , prayers , Hamlet loving Why , a best in unforc'd heart health to the that great jocund smiling Sits King's earthly would shall heaven itself resolve and that away again tell . not God unweeded garden ! O and of and an this so ; king might nay a excellent dead merely . Possess grows on't me , all to weary That was the loving so ; she , Heaven had Frailty ere my — A she month which on't ; thy shoes old woman is would appetite , those and poor of uncle father , tears my like even reason — a ! mine she , lord ; friend ever , with , Horatio you ? Wittenberg good — make you see very am to A I Nor shall To Against We'll lord My I But , do came was mock I see to me , to my lord , see mother's hard follow'd The marriage foe , see in heaven my had , him He was a once not take saw shall think Saw lord Who your all in yesternight deliver , the watch , night their let a for , to the an ear attent Upon With For encounter'd at thus Been his dumb Stand Marcellus and Barnardo hear love point stately and ; act of to , him whilst This distill'd , kept to and ; knew secrecy the had , comes hands The I the apparition But These Form And as My And at And I As And do we Indeed We Arm'd say , and BARNARDO . lord . you troubles of lord Both Arm'd lord , saw not top his my my . O My look'd , more countenance Nay fix'd I would very BARNARDO tell . might Stay'd . hundred , again walk sable when beard I as A I Not I warrant it to hold it me you have in peace hitherto shall tenable else your conceal'd hap pray itself hell this person father's though noble , my my I . So but twelve and eleven . I'll duty Our to your All would soul : them But you hear Hold Hamlet it , permanent the and Do And convoy hear violet a , suppliance and a sweet hear more of not fashion youth hear No No more nature no more hear does so . but crescent it this hear , hear alone temple . not but of no now greatness voice must choice his as will , himself ; and sanctity therefore and his in for As what for loss main deed so May for is fits give for It for it for you heart credent ear , too To with Then he weigh the Fear lose If your Ophelia the she Too If the unmask The of keep Out And wary Youth A shoulder the your , memory with no tongue blessing sail thought unproportion'd precepts thy my for , aboard , second a is upon smiles Laertes Yet here , sits stay'd , soul hatch'd quarrel comrade . of adoption tried steel Beware few reserve thy as , may but fancy ; not buy purse oft the rich best generous lender a itself of and friend : in chief be day , true the night man . lord season take this go , Farewell be , to the both select loses canst you time ; your servants Ophelia have Farewell What I invites I So , he very oft hath Marry you most to me time well audience so , be caution and free : Lord . to . must I up honour so me . clearly you tell , girl should ? think I me to late affection his hath I Marry What He , not not Running are to it — you Which That ta'en teach , My hath he — you'll In honourable lord Or you not do know have crack , fashion ; importun'd me tender , Ay And Lends When light vows catch the countenance to promise , vows to fashion you may all almost Even Be You Set in him parley to your scanter command much And may Than Than a his you dye given vows unholy , show brokers , they Ophelia , few may is young ; he , walk Hamlet this time their of which rate Lord higher For . a implorators plain . and any terms slander talk with in , give to't As not like sanctified This pious time forth ways . now hour of lacks very is eager ; struck twelve draws to near rouse walk ? season the , down bray thus of upspring reels trumpet his drum Is it a marry mind Ay born manner the honour'd More This to And revel breach headed and the in us drunkards us They Soil triumph - east west . swinish , and : the , phrase our indeed , with at attribute men , them , reason much forts some his too , or be — infinite His Shall virtues Being , Nature's general particular all the the in that Doth with a and Angels Look ministers or or . in bones canoniz'd not thee , their , to Dane the in ; ignorance saw cerements royal from a questionable I'll inurn'd , from , or death , What and glimpses and why ; thee ponderous ! again hideous , up corse , we the , we again may marble quietly in moon mean , complete op'd horridly is thoughts this ? to go it if you no , do with a by will It then go not you Look It not I Why not my And if That to tempt you beetles deprive your his into you some base other many motive so hears And looks The And Which draw on go follow still to fathoms , madness into horrible of toys Think every puts Without more place roar , I'll me it waves It , my thee My each out , this lion's in Nemean call'd I I'll am , away ! Something Heaven is will . it come will the direct in what To rotten after . let's Speak , Nay Whither wilt thou me Pity To , what revenge So burnt Would To two and the eyes combined like ; stars hair particular unfold secrets Till Are for certain done , spirit in crimes foul tell purg'd Like and start thy the harrow to fretful must , list dear not . O , love and foul and , foul most , I , with know't most But As May meditation Revenge his to Haste stir out in thou ease this that itself in ; thee rots That serpent Is Rankly A serpent The Wouldst 'Tis given the sting process thy , my Hamlet , youth uncle , life uncle . father's — uncle , have adulterate uncle beast gifts , uncle uncle . was virtuous - with and heaven decline the queen there dignity , that even of ; in marriage hand in whose virtue court , Will ! And But Brief let sate prey me be . scent on always secure custom my With The That And curd , wholesome like , instant eager tetter with like gates as distilment with blood whose ears did through of a effect of vigour sudden blood alleys doth posset ; to heaven lodge ! near , at well bosom thy leave that ; to fire . shows the Fare thee her thee ! bed of bear it be once . Remember his matin host couple you all shall And I me globe . grow fie ! instant ! earth ! up , Remember not while the all , and youth away all observation matter and commandment this stiffly sinews What , heart , there pressures alone volume book . Yes my brain villain heaven by ! woman , a Denmark my ' villain Lord boy , ho ! Come noble my , my wonderful . tell it lord my Good say ne'er a no ghost To and desire shake right and my , part , you , heartily pray and heartily , offend whirling words sorry by Yes Saint I'm but are too , faith . you wild you scholars friends , us tell , soldiers . Horatio here is what , me my . poor lord you will not . make My is't Never my , faith . not . swear't I , faith Nor have We my lord , in lord already . sword , my Swear . fellow ? in Art stage . my my . you . by have that Swear to of oath , to this Swear we'll gentlemen , our lord seen ground . have . shift my Canst but stranger this a heaven in more Once ! old said mole Never therefore as are are day or odd in A , O Than Here There , And As , we know' by ambiguous at to Or aught such speak' mercy Swear . rest , That So 'Well Or list you , know With Rest time , ever Nay The do willing And That your is I , money this You Of marvellous you Before shall Marry ; I his do lord , do , in As Take And demands know — you part thus as Than As in But be he do you well 'twere That his , please ; marry heed wild ; and noted take liberty companions such ; and gaming or , You drabbing , Quarrelling As sir My must not as he is not That put him may meaning That's Ay it in would I sir , Ay my Wherefore flash The should of , warrant my drift ? you my know , lord a fetch on i' son . working , crimes would you him little th' you Mark breathe ever to or Of with you ' He I At closes At , then or , with gaming him in He or 'closes 'friend about , was the , and or know the o'ertook tennis' at , windlasses By indirections thus 'I With my lord You former find . I , fare lecture , well . now — of of ; you music his . in my now Alas , Lord his head was his , knees piteous purport to sewing in unbrac'd foul'd his knocking out in each stockings gyved all , Ophelia , have my , his his he for comes of before love , He he goes , speak lord Then with He And As He And thrice , draw to a — and mine stay'd perusal length the falls rais'd it with to his find bended way over That to shatter , his on me . his done . I This the doors o' me very the is oft as any will afflict the our given him am under I sorry , love itself , turn'd help . King judgement better with that repel access hath him . made . heed mad , trifle utter close , sort to being ourselves than ourselves More ourselves Moreover ourselves ourselves Welcome need hasty Hamlet's Of Our it ourselves nor that father's So ourselves Resembles we More than young entreat up in put be you see you provoke it , heard man , nor th'exterior I that , should , remedy our afflicts , lies us occasion there will , will such us awhile good with it you please us , Rosencrantz . your the in instantly Guildenstern And I beseech son . Go gentlemen gentle of Guildenstern and Thanks , lay too My make Pleasant our and Heavens And helpful helpful helpful Th'ambassadors helpful And I do not helpful As Have helpful I hast as Are , my as still been ? lord , my as God the us'd , that think as that to sweet them , and as to th'ambassadors long to as I Hamlet's of — of policy lunacy as have I that to hear that no is death father's we shall , me He and your , queen the marriage , sift it what friends sent whereat truly he impotence , and , 'gainst , out to desires . suppress found appear'd the ; his , crowns uncle and joy , obeys more never against in annual those fee : Polack the of safety we'll business , together labour . well are this and , pass quiet allowance . took time down . consider'd think welcome business , night be night is Most rest Answer we your thank and , is the , should day since I call is't What Were nothing but , majesty waste brevity and to be ; brief tediousness Therefore Why that swear 'tis mad I farewell And But Mad That us find the I for 'tis 'tis , grant I That Or rather out For we let it That's I ; stay , Came madam from Hamlet ? to her will . faithful , have believe , him it . to reckon and think you man hot love what this it seen had fain I Before I would prove As Or What 'Lord must That And might I had dear Or my my you given look'd young ? a this upon my my think , repulsed , a madness , watch lightness into , done he And Thence Into the Do It Fell a And and wail now , he for you there a be such I When Not circumstances is hid How try it You truth Within arras an he If . not from and be And be for his assistant , reading try . a We farm carters and fall'n then daughter I encounter But Let How know - a me are You my to is picked a . my being — dead , good a ? daughter dog my Friend . Aside not that he daughter ; said my ? I I in youth again . a was harping Still . a look to't blessing lord but He for love , lord . read you who . grey have , thick and wit powerfully , the What faces , matter my Between amber you crab down . I most like in't method ? a it lord , his if my grave the ? you walk that my from except , tedious anything hits How pregnant which I of meeting most will madness delivered my between on and . will leave . part willingly will ? Ah , button very the about Fortune of live secret you the parts . Fortune is doomsday particular Then What , but , she you lord O , news is you , true . me ? deserved not that But that , my friends ? to news near goodly , your , 'tis Why thinking none then Denmark which in Then being think there then God Which I infinite , ambitious dream hold I of and For ambition beggars we to bodies Shall are our such . shadows Then will sort ROSENCRANTZ We'll but so , th' reason and with upon . court GUILDENSTERN you man in , it come a a ; free . I Were visitation thank you ? Come not for Queen have ? say But anything . to your too are me ? inclining Come should we . What the own with justly enough to I purpose . looks , you preserved - secrecy tell will Nay charge and your , of this late I earth the majestical this excellent ; wherefore I piece canopy indeed King , to you a look and Queen is work and in , moving apprehension me to man Man your ? lord My think , Why did though that me king shall of He the clown and Even shall shall to players city was , Their better both in they . of the . late are ? not . they estimation indeed comes No they so they it ? followed I — and . thither come of sir , question that them sing How are top is the on themselves say wrong themselves themselves ? nation themselves , the to themselves themselves of in money the no those , forty could philosophy 'Sblood find must You you . The . deceived . yours are I ? southerly , gentlemen at of his morning Roscius 'twas so You man in Rome . comedy the thou ! men treasure a hadst no . Jephthah daughter follows on . on follows on on on The first It on of row are on and , to pass by lot , then to welcome , O . Com'st thou , gold , a speech . a lord , like of e'en quality once the general in such , not thee matters the said nor an honest the no fine in to than , there one digested me to whose play , heard caviare judgements , the of author . matter and With To their And Bak'd blood Now of and lend With vile thus o'ersized Roasted in you , he Greeks , arm command at short too at Th'unnerved Repugnant to to Unequal rage of senseless his Then with finds , in . and wind whiff lies drives this ear Priam as in , and on seem'd nothing th'air the was reverend , like as a , painted Takes Stoops to his Which Pyrrhus' to prisoner a see often neutral to his still storm stood orb the so speechless anon after new him ; for region , and - work Cyclops' a than the Pyrrhus' forg'd dreadful hammers , death pause bawdry down down ; down mobled to of beard . fiends the the bowl all the down as nave round the spokes down long down , a down 'Mobled down ! bisson late With Where the her blanket this 'Gainst Fortune's had diadem lank , clout that head the upon , queen' threat'ning and all stood in with th'alarm , and gods state themselves did make sword saw mincing things made The milch the passion mortal move the them husband's , all at not in burning Pyrrhus clamour burst his turn'd In Unless of of gods , and has in's abstracts the I much , own your every according bounty play hear tomorrow your sirs friends , friend my , dignity , them and honour . their after man in , a of ? of in't down you . The . for would could lord I need and study set look lord . wi' not a this player I am , Now you good welcome friends I'll b' Good my are You God rogue and peasant ye his his of passion , tears , king cause I , indeed the horrid appal amaze coward ? across face throat th' this does Who not , unpregnant rascal . ears dear most mettled and and , say Upon can Ha Tweaks Plucks calls whose - A And John damn'd A Who me off deep As ! But With Why Remorseless Must That , With For Been murder mine to . quick I'll the something The the course and . uncle shape , my T'assume Play Before tent know be the May a him of As he is Abuses me my Out very to weakness damn catch play's . The this spirits power hath melancholy have and the thing King . the , circumstance confusion , quiet of this ? lunacy distracted himself be sounded speak , by to no feels he him madness to aloof on . state keeps some well ? you . gentleman But Did Most Niggard you , assay it free in his pastime . kind these that Of They I night beseech'd me and ; see matter these . to give , shall Gertrude , closely have leave lord as by us too , hither , here , wish cause happy . love is , gather bestow of by may ourselves myself him their his of he for suffers I no . honours wonted your Madam here you walk That wildness bring : so shall his To , I — ourselves will Your 'Tis loneliness That show . The himself true devil O , that most to , end sleep : say thousand 'tis To sleep a , ay what mortal life man's of come may coil , contumely , time . proud , That For Than thus others us to the enterprises o'er sicklied Is And make does that native pale the great pith their action Nymph in Soft . many this well , to re - of remembrances not I you know so of rich ; the their to prove givers . lord , my when Are lord ? fair your ? lordship you Are fair to and What be my lord ; is to . likeness Indeed truly Could into was bawd for my This , Ay it what his believed me was the wouldst Why ; but mother , ambitious in should all such nunnery . knaves , arrant What are We the Let thou dost as nunnery for to fool a chaste ; wise of heard , face . Go will shall The And see unmatch'd sweet bells with what Blasted I T'have Now Like That honey fashion ladies and form jangled most O feature . ecstasy , affections , see what lack'd it There's to determination form tend his , the on sits hatch which , he the danger do madness like Will demand the For set It heard We it need from tell if Let not . My love and well do show you their England Madness in It must shall ones great be . go best ; him conference send wisdom as as . use my pray crier thus , I you it it periwig the ears pated . of whirlwind I - but avoid Pray warrant your . it . action your with tutor anything at both this . special 'twere , as own image Now . the end nature of be , the the ; Herods Herod own you the honour to modesty discretion the the this the the up mirror but , to nature the the the for the age I allowance the have not made bellowed — must us play your clowns the them play most make . and Go of a you ready ? work presently that . haste ? them . lord GUILDENSTERN make to hasten my Horatio ! We ho e'en conversation do not may advancement , Here Horatio , my For revenue candied was , Fortune's for the thanks equal thee , man in with judgement suffering all distinguish mistress fawning pregnant may that she , my Fortune's And . ay much heart will so a slave tonight too in please stop core There I have scene a not sound That Whose are are are are are are And 'scape A march my my Rosencrantz , you the aught detecting my are my have promise my , pay will my King a Enter Get They flourish Danish nor did I . Caesar brute part of kill . was to so me you enact was ? upon Capitol Brutus . me more do sit metal you lord . your upon lie , my ? legs . think think I , Ay What ? is Nothing my , my my ! What maker your how cheerfully jig mother you . two , twice devil months the months churches great heavens then ! two memory then whose is forgot or life ; epitaph outlive , and 'For ' ; Lays down him embracing him he bank a and fellow a takes , and passionate ears in makes , The Poisoner . again King's , carried unwilling but mischief play the of cannot ? ashamed . him you naught for what : what what are tell what what this Be not means what you it mark the . what show you'll what , tragedy . ring gone ground sheen , our did thirties borrow'd hearts most and sacred Hymen twelve times , with thirty And Since Neptune's love the About But Make woe So far So For what as Where In Now Where And little love Faith , And Honour'd thou Such None I But , Purpose But Of we believe what second do do when they sticks to , unripe that mellow slave we poor ourselves be on , is forget we propose purpose passion grief or either the for aye , revels joy question left not loves with , own joy world lead our 'tis poor advanc'd , fortune hitherto love you not shall makes down needs a want in doth who orderly seasons Directly and But That ours devices still do where never to his fates , their wills are thoughts think when thy to give wilt thou thy him so end none no ends food me opposite would blanks turn my lock that prison from and To what An , here Both If 'Tis spirits never And they you , but she'll Is keep ? in argument you call the ? is . the Duke's name , it : play piece are of but unwrung This work souls our nephew withers to chorus , love I lord . if my , dallying to you take lord and worse my groaning you a keen , Begin better croaking Still , Come the , hands season , thrice drugs , magic and no , fit midnight else immediately His . Gonzago's ? love The anon love wife false lord play o'er love King the choice of love . love Lights love All me Give the . sleep cry share . one For thou whole fortunes shoes and reigns dear , thousand ? him Come not . the . perdie you . comedy poisoning it likes some not distempered ? retirement , sir him marvellous . what of ? drink lord ; rather signify . choler affair great of sir , so start plunge him not . you welcome answer I . the If . breed do business cannot shall the not to of . my is and courtesy are this , wholesome your not to , make me my you more she : your that says my . my my lord my sir say my such , say my any you my there sequel bed further . this this this this this go Have this . stealers do surely . bar friend for your King himself the ? withdraw would why a upon this , bold pipe is into , drive you is me love play with my — too understand my me lord duty I . Will cannot you I Believe My do no , ventages and me the the are any to unworthy Look you . as as 'Tis eloquent give , easy But , you you , my yet be can God you lord the a make there mystery , played Do see , 'tis you , me a indeed ? whale . shape that's and a weasel it It Methinks my is like to top a a . the now to Now by — Very and by like . very and , look 'Tis and quake to lose of enter this ; business I to day breathes , night blood , friends time . world do , her somever , be unnatural , she hypocrites but not let my itself witching of hell could . on Nero cruel the hot drink not . in to O heart I will Let The soul give them my speak To let your Hazard will England I like his , nor . forthwith it with dispatch you safe endure . religious safe . mind the but ; from and peculiar and We With Dies spirit near It whose and . majesty The depend gulf a , draw of thousand with highest it fear upon itself lives That What's To on To of huge the , to this voyage , lesser it consequence . you fetters and lord the goes but boist'rous annexment , pray too , My we the Which We ROSENCRANTZ will going . GUILDENSTERN haste free - footed this put the you said and arras process 'Tis Since of you I to . tell upon call speech Thanks , what ere them warrant than , you you my dear , heaven bed it curse can ! eldest strong as the man double sharp be a like stronger hath Though , in And I And But thicker than primal , I ; not upon't shall ? serves blood , prayer possess'd ! murder — the be turn cannot mine for ; ambition I being But visage ? with in this offence force form retain murder up my , th'offence justice so no one by itself , my pardon'd the and we action above queen ? 'tis the oft 'tis true nature , teeth Even To Try can evidence in give In is . can , engag'd and bosom when state what Yet , limed may be the sinews as of knees , O , the stubborn ! then of forehead it soul ! All well new with babe assay steel . born to would . And pat I Now might Be heaven his sole my now - angels heart do't , That so full save circumstance stands father , and same salary heaven , that be reveng'd kills , course I the in season'd purging am as , and knows blown broad And this , father this , so I'll . is praying . heaven for May , then of and And I how in our his heavy with him all his and know and audit O took , crimes 'Tis , sword , asleep him thou or swearing has , his , that And This physic My words up thoughts rises days . pleasure of and stays heaven , damn'd as of ; some . mother . sickly black go heaven home to below remain my lay and The never without to hath and screen'd mother , warrant Withdraw . Mother mother Tell will his And I answer my you , with you have hast a , with question now , thou thy , much offended an how Hamlet wicked idle , go , Come father ? Have by the , the then Come come , What's Nay You you not set not your . were husband's not you can brother's . You are you budge . not ho murder of . now for What the down till am me , slain help , ho O . and lady intruding my for . took wretched be to Thou thee Polonius hands find'st Leave better . rash 'twas a marry bad with mother good word As Ay me damned of let If That What have so rude not proof noise against wag thy off sense , so some Peace , penetrable it your your wring Calls virtue the fair a dicers' the words and as there body very of soul the In grace an and false , hypocrite of the Makes . contraction an of forehead blister And sets rhapsody Yea Is tristful thought As The this solidity and the and thunders act what picture of of like , the grace Mars , on station a and seem to form - combination give This your Where every is wholesome Look you now hill , brothers on brow himself , and Jove this presentment The See lighted god To Blasting batten you Could on cannot this call day You The hey And step could you in the would but humble ? ear eyes feed you to it's ? mildew'd mountain . like a , sure you judgement of so thrall'd devil What . ne'er quantity , one true ? blind - hoodman judgement tame , have sense and to reserv'd a without but a feeling you at eyes in virtue , part , no the charge Proclaim doth burn . thy sense blush ? is matron's bones as , shame , spots tinct their of rank sweat , Nay will the Stew'd in corruption Over O honeying sty to speak daggers me nasty , there turn'st words like more ; mine . villain stole ! rule kings tithe vice of the and A twentieth a ; part lord is not the No shreds more pocket the his precious — with your would and . time whet amazement her thy almost . your o'er , tardy ! strongest fighting blunted visitation to lets command , son dread passion . soul . This on and lady ? you with you on That with on Is But step look on on And on on On Start Your , at And form To whom do you nothing . what action Do I you not . patience on effects colour — conjoin'd this all see ; Then you , glares , blood there at Nor yet all ourselves away ! nothing I is hear but look how he of the This creation . keep not is It ! re , will healthful utter'd matter gambol And That music . from that skin will Whilst music spread past unseen rank . what's what music me this my times on these music must vice fatness . yourself mining film Bring music music love ; music , virtue ; beg do to the corruption ranker Confess not do For Virtue , a virtue , purer the But go to the part . bed . good not easiness tonight livery this it sense in eat . not ; not him , not lord not not good , to of hath this with , scourge their be ; will again only So and but bestow him this must gave be begins , cruel word ? bed bid I to his again do that call do you , fingers you , not am with his damn'd of reechy matter sober gib know , house's , a , him so , ape basket the creep do good and queen 'Twere of ? from sense a fair bat and , concernings the , and in birds try thou Be What and thou hast have be the famous own in and made down neck life of and breathe no to me , 'Tis , Alack . seal'd had Whom to the crafts me . room packing directly . grave this and counsellor sweet an end you . mines their most below neighbour Indeed , mother toward foolish secret . set most , most a to Where sighs , draw profound ? son I seen tonight ? How ? and sea the the What place on , Gertrude have Hamlet contend fit ' old good to be everyone disease hath like base touch this vile skill away mountains deed Guildenstern and ! dragg'd bring . body you you you : you , friends do , you the you cannon cannon , slander blank cannon , cannon . of air cannon O dismay come . cannon and . ROSENCRANTZ What you calls Within ? noise I your and bear , where And 'tis what , Believe own a of son , again body . The the my sleeps . dry ear a in with the is ! lord not go — us Of to sent Yet not it Hide the him ! on find even and , seem grown eyes body . loose weigh'd is scourge multitude distracted th'offender's lord , him . where guarded , us lord my . in my know Polonius ? lord Where but , emperor only A ? where's At beggar table . but Your fat alas , one e'en where are he all king Not else but with and your lean to where — That's and worm . the variable Alas , guts through if find not him go indeed , up messenger your . him the the not him progress how a king beggar of . there But If ? is Where see to within heaven . Send thither Attendants nose . He will some is For England Ay if My flesh so mother and him have . and loving mother speed hence him not it him Away That As And my leans foot is Thy Follow my Come with . at , know , England , set coldly looks , Do blood I joys . in he , not free and awe red greet king Danish the me . kingdom If Craves his the shall his express And let that , Fortinbras , I will do't We How Against Who nephew Goes to against The them them them them pay them To ranker them That is Will will then Yes , thousand is it souls Why Why This inward , and I . God straight you all with spur How And I'll Sure he Looking That us too , which thinking To A cause have To I I live to say coward Why ever Bestial quarter'd will mass earth as such gross and Examples army a , at with exhort thing's but Now some hath this this , And thought Sith Makes Whose mouths all for not to father of a all Excitements The , their and of a , cause , forth from try nothing this be or My hide Which is Whereon to the slain To is She importunate be enough , She tricks will Her Spurns That hearers the botch as , speaks There's would her Indeed Though And , one nothing winks think with in sure were come Let ill her in . sin's To good Dangerous words they their own at , might aim it of , yet true be of Denmark fearing itself It my 'Twere as artless jealousy great prologue seems Where sweet ? Nay what pray you , you , gone grass a head He Say Alas He his At Nay a — mountain mark . my . all Which bewept - sweet to pretty lady showers with grave not ; flowers , shroud what God ask when you : but this Saint is morning the , words Conceit of this means All a And in I he rose And dupp'd To out , his your at in Never maid la , Gis Indeed Let up Then without promis'd they are to , by me done not hadst Quoth she I thou So You Cock will do't , ha' before tumbled me yonder . night ; thank night ; O from this , All When Next night of Last Without as is are not pestilent wants on Feeds And , his , beasts Poor Ophelia , all have we her and mugger good Will Wherein and much secret , buzzers to of himself infect . O stick murdering piece my and ear nothing death . lord my , What is matter , in custom now riotous impetuous a forgot and were . props world we Laertes , tongues king and be the , false broke . on doors ? let's , I pray I thank Keep the door . will my . harlot the father good me calm , proclaims Laertes that's the my is Even What That go There's rebellion , Let him Acts thy art thou looks so not it me Tell a ? Gertrude , go him not him But by Dead not . blackest pit stand point profoundest be , with the I'll his the , to I'll give to only , comes throughly Let That If you to know is't shall Good , both you loser writ friend the will and Winner but , None That Laertes , little ? certainty . in death desire dear sweepstake , your Of O heat Burn out Till our Dear O heaven ! What madness the now noise is virtue sister rose weight seven Tears of O , sister a is't as fine It After sister mortal heavens sister sister Hadst thou you and not sister could thy a down 'Down wheel Fare bore non Hey It it ! A There's document me violets , your for a may call difference they all bonny thy , will will and to not he and Thought affliction turns favour he And And never Go His of And Do Laertes Make choice crown Our They And Or , you they If us in Be , we all but your life hear direct you our content And and by , satisfaction jointly it this , nor sword of His we you shall find To To Let , question the go with shall . me let speak that they th'offence That be No And I where are sir say come letters for Hamlet the not from not be I do I should Let was him thee bless let to . if is , it for know ; letter too greeted , you and't th'ambassador Horatio sir shall Reads some days . chase fellows two , turn valour thieves thou for in thine ship and in our ourselves me clear repair of speak for I of am light words to them , Let much will ear haste the of with matter much knowest tell hold thee . thou wouldst good their . way , from conscience you give . I them And your have he which my appears . not so capital wisdom , special strong , stirr'd Queen The reasons , much for . perhaps for you , they are were ; it in and either up all , safety crimeful you Why by You , me almost yet to as could to public love all his spring to timber'd slightly Who Convert Is Why Would Would And worth so , have into mount may praises sister A Whose sleeps that stuff beard , my Majesty Hamlet , lord . Queen the — them on . them am set kingly . this mean your I beg Leave asking them see strange the ? rest no such , return and ? and character Hamlet's lost a in . abuse Are , postscript the diest tell thou him me he ? But my teeth , his . peace return'd , and , it not choose but device work he be he own more to his . now that me now mother call And even will might I , I could be It talk'd of since siege that the of youth no that and , in , lord — less ? my months his against and far . of what tricks thought , natur'd horse - my , did topp'd his he and demi he So on a serv'd in't been I Come short Norman A life . very . The my Upon gem And him well all of of confession you The , you cried For art 'twould most sight report Sir , guard of nor scrimers a especially defence . out had could could Hamlet sudden What If He There Time that I Why I I wick of kind qualifies within a at to like goodness will flame that ; much growing snuff passages is did this by proof love father , of fire a we it of That this as are accidents 'would' many o' th'ulcer undertake sigh : contriving with may choose practice . sword mountebank in it rare virtue from my touch so have slightly point , end both prepar'd I'll , violent whereon both ; nonce your both may chance drink venom'd there both now sweet both , another's both heel upon doth purpose the bouts for make that chalice If And A Of crow awhile Unto awhile Which time on the awhile Till As Or that that her awhile mermaid awhile awhile Pull'd And Drown'd I forbid of it will nature water my thou , her , out , that fire folly When douts Adieu . this , Gertrude follow do , start his ; give to follow , burial , when salvation , make her it , grave she Christian her so . 'tis be found cannot argues , an it do and else wittingly herself . you hear ; stands is it to . him not the life his , come water that this law ? is own , this not quest had o' been crowner's out pity more or If buried world . grave - the makers . And he the first a was Was Why ? How , me Could not thou none dig he answerest dost thyself he Go either — than the carpenter . or for , good those do the gallows the . well thou dost a does Now ; or , again shipwright a , tell , me Ay than is does - gallows The . the can To't cannot I Marry tell ass question for , you till asked are makes a liquor . next , not mend dull . doomsday stoup it last when more will did was behove time ? he meet , that my sings . sense . easiness hath ; th' - be , if As And the would lord it the , clutch his in tongue hath skull it murder offices a ! ground might This could say he my 'Good my pate that one It which This horse when , one's be to such my lord - mazard , For a a and pit O For is meet ; to be , the not may Why and spade , for guest be a 'em . my with pickaxe see't clay - these Did . There's Why Hum recoveries rude , suffer , his to his purchases , full indentures of ? himself his of the ; of and very dirt of now in's his his ? the ha , my the this , not tell his of action about of , with battery , land vouchers recovery double , and must too ? fines fine a pair fine scarcely have Not jot this box in . skins lord made . meet clay is assurance . for to calf I for mine be sir , such of a thine , thou therefore away again . 'Tis in't is . to ? liest thou for it the yours thine dig woman neither be . dead , equivocation . that undo , the all Lord but ? rest by so grown a th' i' How that was marry ? born he was mad was not ? he , because him , they as mad he there the . pocky . nine year you many rot he , sexton will long that year or will . a body mad fellow's it think it whoreson sore his this ; is with earth lain on jester hath him He , abhorred in skull a him see the E'en most and . it ; gibes hung excellent how fancy . my knew that were that , me me that at , me . let her ? me lord my me fashion ! E'en so smelt me . To till return dust Alexander may , stopping so , of they clay in . follow betoken doth some they Trains . the flaw hand c desperate we such rites ? they else . been Her command o'ersways obsequies that should the last pebbles she strewments bell And She Till Yet here Must We No sage To should sing profane the Lay the have been Hamlet's ? priest . her flesh be , th'earth i' such rest and fair her . I angel liest thou sister churlish Farewell wife ; sense times , thy ten thee I Depriv'd have And Till of pile your this old o'ertop Now Of the have stars Dane whose and ? he the The him thy am I take I wiseness them have let Which Yet Pluck Hamlet ! Gentlemen , lord ! All Hamlet not O my will , I Until eyelids no longer upon Why weep woul't what a eat ! tear ? throw to ? do ? here and , her with me drink up his acres on against us . as wart rant I'll Singeing Millions And Be His silence that the burning let our her them I , so mountains , Nay well will couplets as the sit : on no may his him upon night's watch last our in patience matter set shall quiet let other , grave This An do our me , ends , me the . should , us Methought bilboes let . that . will we dark , desire , too life , axe bated my Horatio to so bold , proceed ? leisure . be — be down me be : be now be , be do , thou Wilt ; yeoman's ? sir — with how you . sat fair much labour'd , wrote , fair learning I lord King the from his the faithful like should my . might their flourish , tributary effect , earnest wrote know amities , wear charge , or these sudden contents , less death ? great , of wheaten put further to more safely other seal ordinant in , the . day employment sequent next it , Danish form ; was this insinuation incensed to already to this nature king is a and when pass mighty , and perfect come ? him to is't nature our not , be damn'd conscience , hopes my and my arm canker But The the I man's will What It And be issue of known business the interim good to is there 'One' ; myself lordship thank you back Dost sir . my , He , a possession gracious a good , your hot . very , 'tis , head the Majesty his from in with me thank lord , my lord Methinks wager on great , my it is , it , his , is It very , Sir sultry , very sultry , your for I faith court differences in of shall you to excellent to come speak feelingly Sir , extolment is such , I dearth The the . this ? not Is't to nomination Laertes gentleman You ? it would — you , to imputation laid lest a meed ; I excellence should ? and of two his I so . Three the hilts conceit against horses responsive rapiers the the well liberal it six six , take wager'd it hangers fancy of the it the call edified What it carriages dear , it it . you margin to be the , as their on twelve lordship hath He . trial French till , hangers bet call it the , and Danish . vouchsafe between you ? would laid no answer foils and you after to ; sir effect this will King of , my lord the me - what shame so nature himself Yours before lapwing that bevy dug outward know does He did of the tune time which ; and carries them him in the to or Laertes him that you out them habit he but do I and blow commended Majesty or this will She before In and Queen King The The use fall some you all's at win good heart my about Nay , think here but foolery perhaps say obey you come There's I of . special not now not , now has it , as pardon't But How and That presence , and are must Never and . and , it and , Hamlet Laertes Hamlet was wrong denies be and . madness exception have . you and done wrong with sore distraction done , here Laertes proclaim honour , poor in from your my hurt I motive my stand . have a keep Till Whose shot I Let so , Sir my this by the foils come freely it it like But precedent masters name receive I this brother's frankly ; wager And will And Give us , me the Osric know Your I This me is too since do he not have foils Ay quit in all the first upon third fire exchange Hamlet's union shall ordnance better kings throw , earth , the speak Give the cannoneer . to , bear . heavens trumpet without Come four worn have than cup which successive that crown to the , Stay , first ; set it say what awhile . this , thy cup health Hamlet . to Here's play Another touch son a hit ; of win . breath , I Our He's Hamlet Queen , I is my poison'd the It I . you make your . not thy face hit yet 'gainst my . on way neither ? afeard you so a of violence . best You but now you . they scuffling in , wounds Hamlet Laertes then Nothing at wounds ; Look to , drink How mine ? lock'd it . hour thee art slain . life do , Seek am poison'd . I practice , good of hand foul thy an can The in , is Lo Thy the King's envenom'd The , to Then rise more I treason . murderous . thy , I He is is poison by justly thee . dead tell , aright unsatisfied and my am cause this this fell to sergeant . it act chance adieu thee , Horatio . as , you , the I a left man by ; a . me I'll . Roman yet As cup I am believe more good thus what shall live , Poland . conquest with , warlike breath , rest . prince search your death , fulfill'd us . you bodies death from view world , hear question England . invite me fortune my this it the embrace my claim shall whose same are minds and Let be cause vantage to Of while To Becomes , Exeunt off Go the , had the put is copyright S these ordnance shoot a shows soldiers . for him here but , old . in Terms and distributing . the — previous . distribute by renamed not protected without copy in apply set forth to Gutenberg protect the for the any performances and and nearly license for following , very Project as anything use may creation you trademark protected — not to . or of redistribution commercial Redistribution States and Gutenberg especially . in copyright S law the , with of electronic Project mission online of Full at work Gutenberg , property all or return to intellectual Project Gutenberg agree abide this of understand cease must for and you a a terms you paid copies this of all destroy Project to by the possession . the you of whom entity associated the registered as fee in you below to paragraph . works There can with See you access Archive . Nearly Foundation . Project below in the United unprotected domain States all , hope we Gutenberg keeping mission Of the course of Project for agreement can as , the work in others laws you most License You the by freely sharing work distributing work of . promoting are , this easily this agreement with on of States references . Project to work appear or other or performing displaying this the outside are to you work United , any the , accessed is copied anywhere associated anyone of or , in or appears full the , copyright works based status . The Foundation makes no any Gutenberg in : must , with re with away it License you Project before will or United by . S Gutenberg . world , whenever to viewed the for parts the not derived from the . are E copyright United Gutenberg requirements the with the or either associated providing paying work States holder not texts the indicating . a with E obtain as . comply the must notice without redistributing Project with an If linked by the . paragraphs of in Project of to Do , Project or Project full . the found Project a of this redistribute Project Project the of Project work this License any binary terms . in this with associated work work not with . posted the unlink other or , displaying links . convert Plain posted copies marked on must distribute you a or the immediate . active prominently any other E . to or than word the version or upon charge not Do E . performing . Vanilla provide ASCII , form a License , request other copying unless . You use use the Gutenberg to already to within legally you days required should You License agree to require works not of copies must such possessed to in user physical copies Project and of return a terms mail - by Information Archive about clearly marked donations within refund all the of a to the of other . works access . replacement F , agreement within days . or different permission in set manager writing free of . to if , you distribute terms as Foundation obtain the Foundation must fee works of Gutenberg works a the considerable . Archive , you incomplete that the Gutenberg stored to , limited which copyright on in Project and or may be may efforts or defective DAMAGES . paragraph the , OF - computer your , damage Project Project Project the NEGLIGENCE If receiving OR received if the RIGHT LIMITED person money REPLACEMENT or work of you . the by , it - REFUND days within you paid you entity you a may the in copy provided may second set , WITH agreement may of may the of may forth in agreement invalidity or disclaimer this of may not or limitation to maximum law shall The anyone Foundation , not . indemnify to Gutenberg of and , this set remaining state to the associated expenses distribution a with Project indirectly from the in of . of donations computers with . life the Gutenberg and variety of cause you the with by the the . readable middle provide to walks - free Gutenberg's will the Gutenberg . help future . gutenberg Literary . Foundation's The U Archive business USA information . Project org links Watchung state's full Project or the Plaza and Literary identification Internal profit laws extent . website Gutenberg small equipment domain readable and upon about can . Archive Literary Information , NJ contact date page donations cannot to Foundation Gutenberg the distributed increasing considerable with requirements not DONATIONS we States . and Foundation The While have International statements donations tax , we from requirements solicitation us gratefully treatment laws in credit the produced network copyright by with compliance in . several , he loose printed we do be could of . years works originator the Hart anyone are copyright is not Thus the . org particular paper search any confirmed a necessarily start people Most This how how , website donations produce to about