unfold ? Who's Barnardo Stand Nay . King Stand hour most Stand struck relief 'Tis Stand For this Stand . the Stand ? Stand . guard stirring night mouse , meet watch do ! them ho Who Marcellus , quiet sick am I had rivals you I of Friends Give them this . you night reliev'd . Dane to liegemen . there . night the you ? tonight . there Horatio ! this Welcome him , Holla , Barnardo . fantasy twice but good . of our take , nothing Marcellus apparition not appear come this him entreated not this , has says I speak , let I have assail this and to . it , that westward of let we night Marcellus nights of the of — again one and , dead that's the , beating figure thee Peace , Where When The course Horatio . comes it fear and wonder , of me spoke . warlike buried charge . See speak , speak ! Stay ! this Horatio , now 'Tis ! gone ! How , think not might own ! eyes . King thyself he combated ; something , God the thou the like to armour Norway when , it When was , He the stalk thought the an With In in some , same this Why mart daily strict now bodes the Good This And And foreign night the Sunday that day Who At not divide toward joint ; I can - so now Whose make such by me : haste sweaty , implements whose war land the such the Was What Did slay side who , Our ? week the from this last King our known which so the King by to same the which in Fortinbras by our you as Thereto For to Was gaged vanquisher carriage And Had fell Hath His a doth That Shark'd of appear diet up unimproved Now , sir return'd conqueror a ; the seiz'd of , which had competent Fortinbras , other enterprise and and article , I state take it hand the the preparations our our haste it may Well I think our so , of this of source . And this foresaid our those , state mightiest stood ere it question these , dews Roman Julius figure , wars the is high gibber in fire sun almost to Neptune's and tenantless palmy trouble watch so portentous the like is of . of the fell , eclipse stands moist ; comes and and ! Lo , Stay coming the fierce with doomsday precurse preceding omen , earth again , earth fates , to to privy hast thou If earth any blast climatures heaven Have it That earth earth good . of voice ! illusion earth thing ease Speak If , art do earth thou though Speak Which of I in uphoarded the , Marcellus with it thee , O , they treasure thou in , say foreknowing Speak you hast if Or womb of it at it 'Tis gone it , And 'Tis blows is To offer the show , when about vain it It We - and the Doth The Th'extravagant god Awake cock his of erring and ; that lofty of with , sea Whether was speak to , a . it and shrill trumpet like morn . comes , planets no spirit strike , herein season crowing the say , then that truth hies in To fire air or the his The No Break This spirit us we takes , morn yon high believe ; long night , fairy witch so in part time it advice ; to power in dew watch to shall fitting speak seen by russet mantle the clad hill him my Unto we loves him duty ? it to our life my upon , conveniently death us dear be our in , Voltemand and our grief hath be To Though contracted sorrow fought of and that brother's woe . brow this remembrance wisest with That we with sometime 'twere with , and of The memory so hearts green yet in , far sister jointress one scale with dropping a of to our Th'imperial mirth With Yet Together as , Therefore in funeral , one weighing auspicious and . that weak late and brother's young and dole freely . of for , frame worth we have nor supposal you by to thinking , along follows be the pester all him law advantage death , thanks us bonds of , our of disjoint to surrender of lands , out of dream with not his valiant the much our He Importing fail'd with message most ourself business is for father Lost , Now Norway , and - young : nephew's purpose we made all , levies are here to allow show our . duty , and proportions , in power , we . duty heartily will VOLTEMAND let , now . some . more not You cannot Laertes instrumental to thy , Laertes ? asking wouldst speak it nothing what's of us And We Than is the wouldst of throne my , reason of be your voice shall That my What suit the What the , you news thou beg with ? father ? to to favour in my to your wrung leave confess and whence show Yet thoughts in now in though duty your I leave in in thine Laertes and in at last ? go ? on kind son will and still much the . best thy do beseech you it less than , graces cousin Hamlet , hang clouds like eye And so And thy But How , lord , cast look ever , common 'tis Seek let Good am too off , you the colour vailed the lives must . sun . it be nature all ! suits I thee If Nay cloak so particular it madam it seems , grief eye visage me forms fruitful suspiration windy Nor For can with Nor 'Tis No the , the my , seems Why haviour actions truly dejected denote in these and they are that and a , of passeth a to nature woe . bound persevere , father your show play , and , grief unschool'd simple most 'Tis is condolement . father as is , heaven to , in , a fault fault mind for , his obligation , lost sorrow obstinate obsequious filial A shows impious 'This of This the From A to a ; so to throw us theme to opposition , that Than You with which For world nobility back let woe most your desire our in you And fault absurd he common , to think less the you that father and , love pray We ' son intent remain eye , school to impart no immediate the Do I toward retrograde you and , mother thy pray shall as , I ourself No King's my and Denmark . Madam fair you not , lose my in ; unforc'd the - jocund This But rouse great earthly smiling accord , of Hamlet whereof today drinks Denmark that Be Sits to health to the heaven solid resolve too that canon And to nay king that so should things fie seed — unweeded world unprofitable dew not O and O a fix'd melt , would had Everlasting and self ; beteem , of ; think her roughly Heaven winds to to gross this to my of hang grown a on come loving appetite father's woman she is within name were reason uncle mine my like with she she . a excellent to By on or — wants married followed Frailty ere , on't fed it A O month mourn'd My , my poor no tears , hold . good my come I cannot unrighteous a old those With God ! she Niobe Like A , but to I Ere Had She to see you galled eyes to must to Hail such . the yet poor lord ever . lordship myself ! or glad The change , And And Sir from lord Wittenberg that servant my glad I am , A I you But shall truant disposition , from ? you Wittenberg sir Good my enemy , good make . you faith what My good . father's - are your ear — even ? lord . funeral I what lord We'll teach you came it , thrift follow'd mother's you drink Elsinore in . wedding upon meats funeral my fellow student . me , see lord my was , The hard forth my , Horatio . bak'd saw upon , once lord , I Saw My In Where lord him man ; a him not yesternight . his him . father your look saw I He was My again . lord Season admiration your King , My of these a at Armed the Marcellus encounter'd before them them surprised and stately point together marvel This Two and waste , cap solemn - your night eyes , to , A dead . middle figure and : like march he , fear both , kept the . more Almost slow Goes with not speak as The My each I knew was made night third the , was not was in crew away would sight and was none lord I sound from it ; once was was ? it to speak , 'Tis And As indeed you ? of this . in lord down troubles me . you say , Both . lord my . Indeed MARCELLUS Hold do to , lord you lord from head ? From , countenance my saw Then What O yes he frowningly than pale you upon eyes . amaz'd been It , very had his Nay I Longer , haste have moderate with one His Not I have saw't beard was sable watch . tongue tonight silence this pray father's tonight again though I . peace tenable in hell still itself gape , ye twelve you well understanding you me to , 'twixt eleven , no , fare my , conceal'd shall . I'll duty your . you the All ! arms as mine to visit loves platform your it I , Upon requite an My father's the still foul in my earth are . necessaries And My all sit I doubt then Though And But , For Forward perfume permanent youth sweet , primy favour hear assistant sister convoy A . of of and , the of in do doubt let ; soul temple grow . more thews In The Grows withal For now of . weigh'd virtue His The wide and inward will nor cautel not must you , alone ? no but does the doth but this that of whole persons on choice subject his you his will , unvalu'd as health is For Whereof May As his loss main too If with your Carve therefore must for , not It give Or the he weigh fits the head Than Then Out lose Ophelia shot chariest you maid beauty to prodigal of , my of your enough calumnious buttons infants imminent lies none , rebels to then Contagious And Virtue Too The in Be As Himself And primrose a ungracious this steep recks not . But upon Occasion here , Laertes ? second double rede heaven , brother do pastors and way his own . libertine , of puff'd like O not A wind The in for There Aboard are the . precepts Give few by no his in but thou thy and thy memory no thoughts thy , aboard blessing grace sail act means of steel tried adoption . you , thy , rich purse but , thine habit in ; not thy may entertainment . any friends But of express'd thy For apparel select Neither a they man ear a - do Of borrower loses dulls be false , to : my Farewell Take each man's both Costly censure oft in both do : canst it This loan both most both and friend station . man both true , be . both ; day the husbandry edge thine season my take invites you in both shall both , said my you keep . yourself 'Tis , go , have memory What , is't , it key the Farewell , Farewell you to lock'd , to said late yourself bounteous you , tell yourself , as been you ; Lord Ophelia Have 'Tis not my ? Give the to hath , Marry private , of lord late truth . of and free so — affection , call ? many made me and up me perilous like as think ; true of me wind . ta'en teach sterling Tender it lord — pay fool a should for the . of his holy , blood , how I my . do extinct daughter , lord go : heat for of this heaven speech to soul know , vows springes With Lends When all to , in prodigal is a making ; is Lord fire take not Giving Believe be his you him promise their in Be a so a entreatments scanter something higher , come from the This pious bawds : forth with you , my any , and which vows In may tether . of . so you , obey shall charge slander better The Do of But Breathing , in plain talk sanctified this for unholy terms suits , is Lord words Have a it heard think is air It shrewdly hour . season the draws walk of now twelve I spirit wake doth as trumpet and his mean my and his the Wherein I What this ? it not . wont upspring Rhenish . custom observance west out ; bray , guilty , origin his they with swinish , of — that , manners ; much reason , of some Since The His virtues Being Carrying form Or Oft That , habit choose cannot say I of the undergo dram a , of scandal general the , livery , plausive Nature's infinite as man take , men these o'erleavens one pure may The it damn'd from , shape such airs thee my fault substance . corruption of comes defend to burst bones ignorance thee death , answer hearsed why , us call , the inurn'd jaws this the of tell but in cerements up ! ponderous thee Hamlet charitable questionable O in fools I'll in and royal , not their we corse glimpses we disposition ? of reaches to the thee and our ? Wherefore the night beyond go you beckons you To this is As It , Making thou cast Revisit'st you with if waves But will It to what it to impartment a I . removed more go Look then means then then then then then And there o'er you thing a me to beetles That What draw his some ? of every waves , shall not follow to Think sovereignty your madness into summit on , hands . beneath I'll off Hold It You makes Still am heaven make call'd hardy I a I'll say away And me , that . of on ; follow By I , imagination . follow I'll with desperate 'tis in direct it state let's follow Heaven rotten Whither further go , poor . flames will will . will thou to thy bound shall what , Pity will , revenge I ? will am not me So will the I for Doom'd of to term crimes the tell art thou father's spirit What am confin'd burnt To I each blazon to locks start freeze But and harrow two this . list , blood , house - whose of I from ; their young soul thy ; stand on be — spheres ; combined particular knotted flesh thou ever blood upon hair the List foul most to most know't as Murder If of and didst . love wings with , that to shouldst be apt the or unnatural as weed in my Hamlet the than ease sleeping the of , wharf strange But As foul duller rots That stir in in I And thou given A me a ; that did forged out Is Rankly by process ! incestuous of O wit , wicked witchcraft that uncle uncle abus'd The uncle of The With So To uncle will natural gifts there vow decline the uncle with even of off was dignity shameful the uncle queen . power , lust mov'd ; heaven link'd air my orchard morning , in on I be Upon my juice Brief let those Though to her went in marriage ; to angel a a sate always cursed porches the With Holds such And swift The And wholesome blood eager sudden with curd and most instant like gates . vile body , brother's and : loathsome , dispatch'd sin , my at about mine with body through ; with ; milk , with ! horrible head account with not with contrive with once well bosom to soul . be most of blossoms unanel'd bear on to my it ; my imperfections for this act , be near ? Hold else my , at , heaven ! lodge ! earth ! fie of couple host shows worm - adieu and glow ? sinews stiffly up memory records ? thee all , trivial Remember instant . adieu you And 'gins to , O hell Adieu , me . memory Remember heart , holds , a ! villain ! shall of ! Yes volume all copied the villain with Within All saws may least 'Adieu , That , tables O one My Unmix'd book most , woman , villain . I adieu HORATIO I , sure and it matter O . smiling Meet I , Within Within . Within there am At is My . lord . Lord are MARCELLUS Hamlet . my uncle and sworn't . lord . bird ! lord it ? my news , reveal you'll No O my lord . by , secret be you'll would Ay How needs ghost , knave . the once . think it Denmark from my . tell my lord this business shall hands the are , part lord and poor , I'll go own ; for pray desire we more part — point and shake circumstance i' man every For as Look is your , you whirling , to but there let . desire no , that , between now friends are Give you O'ermaster't As For your . know , you poor much by It There's as ghost an what And too , We tonight will . me us , and . soldiers request good lord , Nay I . I Upon my , in . have you MARCELLUS , we seen not swear't but HORATIO My Nor faith have upon , the to boy , you speak the on hear so sayst Consent thou Cries lord cellarage there . swear Propose ? this you . have sword . of Swear et Beneath to Hic said lay Come your Swear sword you my , i' . But help give this and philosophy , work ! Canst mole and night , a things or perchance an put soe'er bear disposition hereafter never seeing so , I think you come , mercy , head me , doubtful this some encumber'd by know' , times such of or I As , at are Than O There are strange How Here To you therefore And as odd , That Or As With list antic , 'If grace to Or such With what May And do God , all Rest That we me giving out , you to note to : need not this — Swear I poor lack , That is your , out of on t'express still The , Beneath rest money will let's O , go together , pray . together my Before You lord did to good lord in keep they where you . are means and , finding Reynaldo . Reynaldo friends of and of well ; what Of his behaviour Danskers intend said expense father demands , knowledge you , this you , be , my , What how you By this do as That they Than Take him he ; that so put there none and mean but , 'twere But and well , he's say on slips ; usual of , and noted companions dishonour you ; Ay , lord . most and such and , are As My and may To , and sir As , Quarrelling and drabbing The a breathe the and outbreak of seem general unreclaimed and savageness : open he as not That That A assault lord But should this liberty , lord know my fetch a warrant I you do Of in my soil'd , th' . would of i' would crimes you , be , in , so phrase country guilty you or this little Mark the ; assur'd , prenominate you , him , was about and , ' the lord he say the 'gentleman ' and something in so 'closes 'friend mass and the By Very Of or the to was and Or There and , I then was There and closes or 'I , enter out a in's See . perchance ; assays of falsehood windlasses indirections , do And Your bait Videlicet thus By So by my have You son I my directions or we find . My With you Shall of this carp and with and wisdom lecture lord you lord fare b' wi' his Good him lord , Well . my , And now what , lord With Farewell the matter affrighted ? ankle purport hell me of his doublet stockings to gyved , as in upon , his And , each in out but . it , do ; brow his all and , Mad for thy love ? held o'er he fear ; hard face , arm his my stay'd of and . bulk his and up Long thus length the other his took He He he . Then And with last thrice his head thus That being . And with did to . out Come , me will to ecstasy will of . their the , go King itself sorry No go with doors the violent passion I any hard under desperate natures good His have oft to property any as the . command judgement , words am , late denied did — and me thee fear'd heed and our the than grief As cast . beshrew our opinions King , close we being hide . is To meant to is as proper to This to dear , Our use you , love to sort . might , go , must , which , hate to , provoke inward should heard you so Something to have transformation th'exterior ; long and Rosencrantz we we need that Hamlet's Since I cannot time from your and , that . to entreat thus it have call What that his much , Some so from dream That since father's so occasion much as on your may there and with gentry it awhile occasion you , occasion humour , please , occasion thanks hope us of shall am , occasion occasion your the sovereign into have majesties power . of , are occasion men two . If , will not living time so he To To whom more adheres expend supply visitation a much receive For Might Than dread Both lay by And And beseech Guildenstern , our both . practices . you visit Rosencrantz . service and feet Ay Are , return'd good . lord of my hast , my . my been Norway Thou and Pleasant . of you Assure ? lord my cause I that — do the do I And The Hunts Both good father , else policy brain King soul to and duty my As O of be shall speak first fruit do Hamlet's lunacy that , very do He The it doubt source them the news that father's and head tells me we is your son's distemper . shall from what return he greetings friends our good , death I To against which out to suppress o'erhasty our Norway . your his borne which from before his , in and never Majesty arms vow , more fine obeys fee . out , overcome Norway so On With an three And as Whereon Gives So before thousand might levied That it your such As are set down and to you of therein regards Through On dominions this please employ those soldiers , well . business took This is pass together to ended : Meantime to Go at and you , your we Answer think , liege business your for night home feast My day Why Were I . true 'tis . that nothing the night night , and , of soul . but true flourishes , art less swear , the 'tis is And But Or say cause for let to be Mad What More That have we For , go foolish 'tis art all , effect now no will comes is . by I , us out , this rather That Who in Now cause . have is have , and it have her the mark , obedience this I have have Hath celestial my me ill Doubt thou liar , have , move the a have I , a phrase . shall Hamlet to faithful ? is , be that the awhile doth love most hath hath means , believe not reckon . him whilst doubt to stars I . Ophelia dear my Doubt , evermore But in more you my fell obedience time my they out my I would As When had told my I . Before my my play'd your table book dumb winking desk , of my What But you , bespeak No this dear I I fain I Admit might it hot into a watch she took and , Thence Thence a , not Which And he And she no herself from short this raves . you Fell 'Lord This must should be That messengers lightness — of . advice — all , ' such have When positively it a been , this otherwise I Do And may there If the walks . me though it together indeed does he lobby , him . to state , then her fall'n an my So we in he try sometimes may he Here You But Let and time a such Mark look Be At be not the where I'll Away board you a God Well well You are a lord . my , me my - Hamlet ? man sir if to sun the I have is . dead , goes as be , in daughter on my is far . fishmonger much suffered I Aside ? he . conceive sun th' . Conception , said him Words youth . read , my , he extremity you He daughter to't blessing that may daughter in the matter . love lord for . a they the and sir eyes powerfully , grey set most I , slave that who ? lord says though lack purging my men old lord read , honesty which , For . sir - most believe , sir I faces mean the should their that Slanders potently you with tree . it weak my be that the Will honourable could are suddenly , the prosperously often madness of my leave take means out A not You My contrive walk Though this be . me most humbly between grave . hits will him Fare life my withal cannot lord go except To take Polonius you the seek to You tedious My As ! friends . excellent good that shoe her are the we happy earth soles - the , Rosencrantz Happy Fortune's Nor live you On lads How , how both ? button ? is we in cap of in the middle her of favours O ? But , news . we a at that to you my news she good not true ? me . more that the strumpet . that question that honest grown that a prison . deserved that hands ? o' nothing one confines th' lord . mind good your . many think We which there are worst narrow for bad me there . ambition thinking God , Truly I and hold but is the so shadow a , that that outstretch'd heroes my , our and th' wait shadows Shall ambition such you I . beggars' our are speak in and For ? you am make occasion Elsinore . And sent ? But for servants of ; I , fay by what the attended you rest . at . Come . and for is . craft you . speak ; not lord were your of our the let conjure you the obligation of there sent , end , my You dear lord by a , modesties sent were you have Queen youth by and , love by must withal preserved teach charge you an have I and tell late , ever . wherefore earth , and shall of If ? hold me foul golden a so lost , me to thing canopy , my brave with promontory , how action of neither like no nor , the admirable pestilent , heavily this mirth fire sterile , and with than man how a to seem , say you not , delights smiling to how And ; of , of of , dust , like . in appears this other a is no me express why in a faculties an in form work moving said not laugh by the Why the gratis not me He of plays that and the clown shall shall those adventurous shall lady the sigh freely . in city you shall hither king knight the ; chances delight they ? o' and . the tribute ; shall in both late the of take for't Even humorous whose make , laugh . were travel to mind lungs are tickle are such her wont those What better their Their profit by they keeps comes the eyases Do , did in wonted clapped most the berattle are , it did , they was the innovation . wearing come did now top sir question . thither escoted that and did ? not say they many they — did ? rusty that These them are Will — did wrong is of pace cry ; Who stages . they call How ? holds money them common can 'em themselves their and the both on . question no are them to most they the if if like afterwards rapiers What for there no has tarre the to sides has O them do against nation the was , uncle my strange at him while for they very bid fifty make hundred ; is much boys his natural , philosophy . twenty in . lord , Do that is a is Gentlemen are you of garb fairly welcome , this outward uncle what welcome to extent to ceremony entertainment and players Elsinore my north But , welcome appurtenance In north from , gentlemen Well but , hawk . father appear are - be yet time Happily you there the he a of a is them . old Mark ; Monday to tell . say Rome in an actor was Roscius have morning 'twas That . clouts is . players so it — tragical tragedy his actor , on my Buzz tell news , tragical unlimited law of best The cannot and - judge , writ of Jephthah . comical , too These the had liberty be came Then Seneca historical O the world heavy , pastoral , light poem , only for or , he , hadst men he a daughter Jephthah old . no daughter passing and he I he that love he ? he right i' Still , my on , have ? was . more glad is face to welcome O . friends welcome , good last mistress you and are thou lady the altitude By'r by gold piece of all , welcome your ladyship is falconers , French within Pray heaven well since young my Thy Denmark cracked passionate straight be of a Come speech , like . to't give speech ? lord ? to ! am you show will . abridgement comes I friend all your fly taste , like you anything at nearer to , old God , chopine e'en We'll once in judgements to me quality a are . remember as — cried scenes said no called matter it , was nor one in , affectation savoury more than to tale , by , begin speaks this , line in no phrase honest the live let , resemble Pyrrhus me — night the he purpose dread he , the . and dismal , gules more in with , total black Head , parching in a Roasted with like That lend a impasted and their And eyes lord Priam carbuncles tyrannous the coagulate o'ersized hellish , trick'd accent , where short at finds falls sword antique , it discretion and sword , His , with him , good lies . Then with the , stood matter , hideous flaming his senseless match'd . Greeks fell ; a his stick Pyrrhus stand , with , his Pyrrhus' prisoner falls this base declining seem'd , head top milky , still orb and a Cyclops' death anon some . tyrant , and storm the , speechless winds never the . away synod round nave and hill the to fiends as take her her the you , Prithee . on or on tale Say or This Fortune Priam fellies down spokes the Break In from heaven . the flames a . is . say he sleeps queen' 'The 'Mobled and . milch them sword saw themselves with and , clout robe head — steep'd . tongue of all th'alarm treason not gods of all made limbs , pronounc'd malicious sport see , eyes in's you of and them report were players speak Do while are where , the they , more in after them merit Come less the whipping man , should they deserve Use Use according use will . him hear old could . need down not , tomorrow or ha't my lord for Can ? friend Follow Dost sixteen lines , play The Murder ? set I would , you lord my you my . am I you Elsinore , look mock I'll friends to , passion I that of visage in's that , that that , here own for speech stage for cue the appal that amaze ears Yet the . free horrid the ear , A that John and Like and defeat whose a dull faculties ignorant , most pate and ? king peak , and ? my and this in . No . property , blows my it and and with and can me off deep , villain breaks the To As But Tweaks by Upon And A Who Plucks Ha I Remorseless , make am , the , lecherous Oh the revenge unpack like son ass , all lack : gives it me does this region and for or , is villain brave very upon't ! my a guilty About ! to proclaim'd the sitting Fie , a heart hell heard Foh brain cursing ! I - am an to fall That , Why I a If spirit the The speak , I'll , blench but I melancholy spirits play's The and such . this catch . of the , the than damn potent , devil pleasing my have power he that devil and thing , he lunacy on his dangerous I'll this confusion himself feels why so He from what Get you Grating him With can do But much But does a like receive true forcing certain ? demands . players we the him think to play night beseech'd me , kind . out . are they entreat true on you , We o'er there of , did it I To , Good all my as And To And 'Tis hear With And about to have see To purpose We we Sweet sent these further content it . him a . delights , edge father bestow th'affliction , by for seeing his . encounter thus of suffers , wish do you happy be Ophelia as 'twere . judge is their so Her That Affront may And for your I his I or be of him he frankly way so Ophelia . colour this book you please Read to . such That bestow walk you here both to part your Hamlet's To him That Of wildness : so wish . honours smart 'Tis a lash that conscience , it art devotion's sugar . too speech . pious — Ophelia We will Gracious , lord my , painted , question , fortune mind 'tis , to opposing die to we end — thousand a by heart more The or To be Whether arms ? sleep the . to end take not that die death of in and , heir to sleep us makes would sleep To : to a , sleep . rub come consummation , of and dream — to natural coil takes the fardels , the , time , there's , what . pause shuffled of we That For With bare The a he Who under , rather makes fly thus does make know not have of of thought , bourn life bear , death us ills in and cast cowards The Is And to traveller To But from the ? well I have long thank Good pith turn now awry currents Nymph ! regard fair my . action well so know pray I How have I now you gave not , never of right receive . the noble compos'd mind my you prove givers Are ! ha breath ? poor their lost , for I you aught again Take lord for your admit for rich lordship for beauty should honesty with ? Are for , There ? My , Ha to for the than power , fair commerce of have sooner but the transform better , you honest What , to a sometime a paradox the love , stock Ay beauty , into believed , more could be made truly . it was of ; to that Indeed , had honest were in . wouldst I of such things , to have I , crawling us act . deceived to time between of ? our old very I . at them Where's , my may play . but , heavens the imagination believe such but mother yet with me none as not ambitious them thoughts ? We What to thou dost , wise go know ice doors upon in's give Or you as farewell as snow . and of marry escape ! calumny needs too what well go heavenly hath enough thee I'll : powers you marry Be if for thou , God wilt plague thou ; a paintings too restore monsters , nunnery for ; lisp and O to shall courtier's , what a , eye they , it married is scholar's rose fashion down o'erthrown already me you hath of , are nickname . another God's more . the quite , here and and of noble Those that , nunnery a To are sword , harsh , mould the state ! mind soldier's T'have spake do O woe is me , most out feature that something There's sits , and the hatch the prevent , reason his music disclose in youth tend form lack'd determination expel , England heart : to which melancholy it him beating What you in matter something his fashion It From well his do puts think I tribute for quick in of the set still on't , believe ? of said now after alone his England all I'll To be send If so him best or she let , be you . ear go not . play him confine so not had ones It shall mouth thus but crier if But . tongue , great To be think shall the to , too I trippingly to for Nor whirlwind . fellow , O of - Pray it dumb a the shows me groundlings Termagant you capable such ; own honour nothing passion you . special be discretion but pated it a part . action so was and is , to of not , word scorn hold as own , nature to your . It . who age this your action of , her . laugh one there O . theatre feature in cannot this very the nature the up modesty 'twere , must Christians , whole neither nor the , and have accent men made some , heard ; grieve — seen virtue the from , you o'erstep purpose the ; playing Now end , nor gait your be of quantity indifferently so unskilful pressure censure praise the which , and and that speak spectators to have to bellowed not I not players be play of them laugh play make Go fool set . altogether to meantime on them some for some , shows lord my now Will uses villainous with that That's is than be laugh , too in that the you Bid Queen . man . just lord . GUILDENSTERN , e'er what advancement Here , Horatio What ho a withal spirits flatter from poor flatter'd ? your No crook no Since seal'd was . of her been , rewards thou all suffering ? but hinges suffers hast blessed . And may I hast thee absurd lick . are , be nothing man . Give of of that , herself thee ta'en Hast That I I do Whose one As sound In One a play stop what I And . comment that , If that imaginations Do Even prithee Which To my not heart's passion's As is , too before circumstance the the my ghost told have , mine the very of tonight it see'st comes thou are seen join the after mine stithy Observe when In uncle itself damned Give rivet judgements both his will I must theft playing . him will his is pay this . seeming , the , idle play , and the eyes Vulcan's And I As Danish A coming And They march Excellent . promise faith our . place . Get play Queen whilst I , detecting 'scape to be Ophelia . once enact killed Brutus . i' Capitol th' a kill'd was there . actor good accounted ? My Hamlet ; you ? was , you you , lord say i' Be calf they ready kill dear Hamlet of a To the ? sit mark your my , No No , mean Ay head , your . lap in shall . matters lord my my legs are merry . lie to is , how you only - looks , mother hours died lord . You maker two , 'tis , the , die two ! months his a I'll , Then But O , not a . forgotten , be should What , twice , Nay then great kneels , She and man's let whose Nay . O long sables whose is may black life for , whose wear devil - declines his and whose horse , then ; or the very She takes whose on her the - whose head him returns with Queen with , and King a Queen of pours four is play lord it the mallecho , woos miching this ; means ? loth seems show tell . means you cannot counsel meant of they'll keep We show fellow him I'll tragedy , play our clemency show ashamed ; Be of . lord or , 'Tis a For this patiently , ring . love woman's us , Is Since love the And Neptune's Full love Hymen borrow'd , been with most ere be sacred and moons hath wash dozen have our neither distrust Discomfort women's , count , far my aught is holds , lord and , know , fear fear ; too . extremity quantity nothing though you me For But you Yet from love or , the great love must powers , Honour'd And thee I Where wed love . needs be treason my in me who , first ! of dead time The I Are do is Purpose But do believe we think what When but me husband wormwood but husband base Aside you of second thrift unripe fruit ourselves Most like slave the unshaken birth kill love you memory be debt . violent , The Their own passion The joy not is joy ourselves But necessary pay What Where Grief , for aye with left violence of ending , nor themselves joys world For love our either grief or 'tis yet enemies ; strange . accident his friends question loves most grieves doth slender fortunes , advanc'd The great a lead fortune shall hollow lack tend try , run love to change . prove flies fortune mark else . him a where fates none so are me and him Our to repose anchor's To me earth Nor Sport him when still end to And die him lock in well pursue , him and from , no their do and him . wed our . dead light my , scope hope heaven trust I that blanks widow . Sweet , leave my would here face me Each my be it joy ! my me fain my my twain us beguile . I thy brain between mischance come never Madam protests , O heard you but they no , th' , much , too Is the is the , work Duke's play but Tropically jest do how 'tis that we jade and done , gall'd , you is knavish wince This is see The majesty ; between are interpret could I are take to . unwrung are withers our ; good . I . lord my , could thy damnable . edge Pox worse better apt season Thoughts , begin ban , agreeing , revenge , infected and time poisons is , him Begin — you faces , husbands and , murderer in estate life wholesome midnight Confederate He and i' Thy for's . Italian of false Gonzago's extant gets King lord rises . fire my fares The runs the while , For Why the So this must hart Give not Would , go sleep , in with forest world away feathers Provincial cry must my if roses players rest the of ? sir , pound take , whole A Of dost , I one For A , I'll , This himself very good O ha Ah he the , for rhymed have might You Come well I ! you . the , Come music king then Why my me some likes some if the , perdie , Good vouchsafe distempered . The marvellous choler ? history , with the , signify purgation more itself to lord . Ay his should for Good tame far show your wildly am my him No With doctor The your , lord , the . me so . some , my , please if a this commandment you to you I ; good courtesy my hath sent breed business I are me , Sir says What Then make wholesome pardon , I cannot diseased My , my sir , mother My , command stonish you so can the Make shall wit's . answer or rather my — you amazement sequel any and , say you Have further stealers . bed you love and to her ? admiration ! But is mother heels she still . distemper your if by Good , own cause with trade lord of you when something himself surely ? voice is have lack you once did my door can be Ay How the the recover to the O recorders the lord sir the , if well duty me me of the not the the the too if — grows grass while but , do . you . unmannerly this upon play . love my you with and . and , mouth your with touch . I utterance I command any you to But Believe 'Tis as of beseech cannot lord my these are ventages these Look lying thing know how , now ; cannot than on look ; and you a pipe me unworthy , govern : you voice you , am this think instrument do lowest my , me what will the ! top I me of the the though out You have I you note , in of ; in , upon you 'Sblood play pluck . presently ? camel . weasel weasel camel shape a almost speak cannot . 'tis like . whale whale will and a and come I — the a and a a Methinks come say — mother my Or a They fool by breathes like Very by . by by . to by mother day not . this as blood by ; none use not Nero be soul by cruel ; I hell and Now bosom , nature enter daggers in her not could witching said Leave of night . friends itself time churchyards on my in How , shent she somever world . now firm unnatural business the . be be to consent , but stands . England to them commission forthwith with endure along ourselves us his That like let terms of shall as it . is safe Majesty your religious you ; whose cease depend many and will With lives That . weal the is life armour single The live the all upon from 'noyance but the ten summit but . bodies provide bound , rest doth massy , and wheel draw of The with many and It of mortis'd Attends King I we For you Did of the will free - fear speedy of general petty which thousand it Never with adjoin'd spokes of things when of boist'rous , ruin annexment the of , Each groan . of him warrant his haste , upon this but fetters put to haste this . convey she'll tax home haste mother's closet haste to I'll to bed my o'erhear said it haste arras the I'll some vantage more audience wisely . he's lord And haste To haste , A hath Though brother's is guilt murder Pray my to man the ! will upon't I first , inclination my And stronger Thanks To , in rain both there it white defeats sharp strong shall be not rank pause Were the ? this Whereto offence murder still my what look force begin this if where than not But And to fault Can And wash is serve That Of There , the the we ourselves , shove and I'll come past Buys And Offence's one corrupted currents and , th'offence world itself ; when struggling angels ! that ! it evidence the In Even what state engag'd more soft wretched Yet Try give O strings repent there can with - new born , of I'll I sinews as it one do . reveng'd son is father That , it the , And my sole I he , would he heaven my , villain do't hire pat hire . soul then thought ? revenge hire reveng'd of knows more passage save I his ? hent , hire , bed a asleep swearing relish or pleasure th'incestuous , no of hire some May not , salary and hire hire crimes circumstance who full of for thou may that trip Or sword hire When has , soul that , The hell And his gaming At ; of as in or in As been lay screen'd round and straight with here between with , advances and rises up thoughts Tell him his broad silence mother . be him not and Grace , hear . coming matter the you I'll Much I Withdraw warrant , Within me . you thy father much thou , question you with wicked idle now tongue . answer Hamlet my have tongue , you by Why , go And come go rood may not and , You Where rood Come wilt , rood you , the forgot me those rood Help thou What do , Draws . rood , rood that up part not you not speak can . shall you inmost ! help help Dead a ? Thou . I slain ! dead ! help , hast thou it know , for rat A now , Behind O not rash . marry with king kill bloody O . Almost Ay . Polonius As to find'st took And deed a brother , I for penetrable so — rash . down , fool thy , bulwark ! fortune rash intruding my kill for thy , rash sit is better — word rash 'twas Leave me of If rash fair grace rash thy O . oaths the religion Makes . there forehead blurs noise , wag , against sense . thou dar'st against the That virtue and a as Such an act the act the compound soul rhapsody Is visage solidity words of Yea With Ay mass doth plucks marriage deed glow , this and in and at , That so like , curls a upon tristful . presentment , and combination like a did every grace of of Jove command , to ? on to A lighted A Mars the was and to Hyperion's to Blasting call it this on on cannot was Could to Here his moor blood judgement , your eyes , to . to ? for eyes ear ? Have . brother is your Where The Would in reserv'd a of ecstacy , apoplex'd this in husband , like a sense sans so this ? not for you hey You - waits But thus without some have could step Is To If To but serve And mope . O of without sight , What choice devil all sense thy , a . panders burn , soul . true blush , no , grained their , sweat of an and honeying , Hamlet see such my very ears ; sweet enter rank not and . making . mine live Nay corruption the , enseamed ; more sty no is that slave A it more put a a , like O shreds would o'er with in You in gracious figure , in rule the and pocket me king That in in . No patches . in , visitation your O forget This ! say in Do in Save guards you and look between amazement not step Conceit her and But ? blunted thy her bodies weakest Speak and it Do not acting time , your tardy passion dread and . soul mother , you vacancy you almost to O and on do sleeping how with and and , in is with do , How Is That And to , distemper look he son do to have tears what action not Whereon of thy how ? me look speak nothing ; this them cool Upon effects capable cause , you is ? you — this I Then do Look piteous perchance true with To . conjoin'd ! him My to , colour want Would make Will stern there see where look goes there that I hear you Why look it in This Is very bodiless is cunning . creation even how now ! out coinage ecstasy . your Whilst compost what yourself to the . grace place your love my ulcerous word for unction flattering Mother will matter not trespass music doth . corruption . Forgive of must leave past ranker the , make them Virtue For fatness in Yea not unseen And O rank Lay do and purer worser these on is mining , the all O Hamlet , live night itself woo for thou away But virtue monster custom , to Of the To He That shall . stamp next For put kind next change lend abstinence use . the if you to have actions more , same it with with ; are curb wondrous do likewise the use of almost And I'll I The must be cruel him him , to remains Thus I be heaven , must heaven To either of this . gave will me And With heaven I I heaven blessing more good do shall , that you call bid heaven his to again tempt What paddling Let Pinch Or let heaven One I That bestow , wanton But mad essentially to And who a that's Would but dear Such Make For from , in , try To No paddock , hide basket , your concernings despite of ? from from , a , your if of breath And from Let the fly thou Unpeg from I from Be from from I Whom will my 'Tis must England so fang'd the me delve and . must it shall below sweet . me . 't go my 'tis neighbour packing have directly into night in seal'd There's letters Hoist For 'tis to trust will I bear marshal They , own the them I'll Mother now Come to life two the will petard yard meet heaves end prating , Indeed was Who Is This man shall set the , the lug most sir , in a foolish most grave , them . tonight have on translate matter . These little when In lawless ; in while . seen lord Mad Whips out his Behind the hearing wind both ? fit contend there ; everyone be whose and out providence . rat his 'A deed us And , this unseen so liberty To It with full this , But what of life is , foul to us to , to O'er Even Shows itself He weeps he it , answer'd deed , much fit gone kill'd is ! Gertrude for hath divulging understand pith pure a mineral mountains away what this ! Polonius , like and — mother's fair and bring he hath closet , go hence chapel out his him seek Both hence But the both hence Into The O , our hence no sun we countenance Go And As Whose hence Friends hence And , them Gertrude hit Transports call And what's in madness Hamlet call level o'er the poison'd call the soul his call done shot whisper , may call call , away . air and of Who What Tell us you Hamlet my done And 'tis with where Believe it the chapel 'tis dead ? they , Besides a of son . take kin it king , he thence to . be and replication counsel Do believe , you can of you not and : swallowed ape when sponge corner service jaw gleaned be : dry , sponge , a me King's have my the the . again . in us . first in countenance officers , the King best , mouthed it body — go the ear all Hide , tell of I it A , him with the thing that it find goes but , distracted this and : him put the the . body to of not where sending To , lov'd not is seek loose 'tis like in their , befall'n reliev'd grown smooth away What hath must , even , their is , weigh'd scourge him desperate to your him , lord from pleasure supper ? supper At At Bring lord , my , Now Not fat politic fat and he Your us is . that king eat . end variable Where A ourselves — and dishes for , certain for maggots this hath worm dost fish one is worm Alas to are worms alas hath that to go by fed table your What Nothing . Send how king Polonius messenger find him . worm . your you find the stairs of the but this Attendants seek . you He will not there a you show him within To In heaven i' , seek , we fiery is . done , thine come Hamlet Th'associates which that For Ay , England ready — prepare ; England must is thee , hence thyself . Good England it sees that England father England . thou , see England . a England My if knew'st , one hence and make Farewell speed aboard ; is . my if , Away Delay mother everything on for , him Tempt tonight Come wife wife is that thou , sword of begun rages , imports yet you hold'st thou great my As present like Howe'er , Hamlet the effect full , Fortinbras king greet would us . with license , Captain Tell his that We express shall And Majesty . I , Over on Good , Go will know aught , Norway sir pray Poland , of commands sir Against sir sir , Fortinbras ground of main sir . straw this of in farm peace . without , fee should , Yes A This is th'imposthume and much wealth you ? cause not debate Two That be you you . with How And that sleep his us reason Now such after fust chief oblivion Of A but to all If Be Bestial us unus'd some this th'event craven godlike precisely parts , on but I , wisdom , know not do and , prince mass gross quarter'd too , have yet three or , Sith , That , Witness Whose spirit by Examples of delicate at is find death eggshell . death and puff'd , dare be death straw , tender a death I , see enough the Which to of reason while of and thousand death , graves Whereon Go have Excitements all , The their for let death My worth for fame , death and , O the fight of shame I . a , try , trick cannot not be bloody not straws , in doubt , her beats speech , own is , thoughts , yield their use sense , it they to , and aim of of , The carry She tricks would says , hems , she What Spurns fit Indeed Yet th' much i' , 'Twere fit at Her and nothing Let come collection fit words . is prologue , her conjectures fit true as to fit in amiss Majesty beauteous fit Where be jealousy some . she may strew ? Denmark hat true Alas How now , heels At sweet lady , imports mark . you turf stone , lady here the mark Pray his you shroud but a true Which bewept you How pretty was baker's . did go ; not the you the what Conceit have ! They know say you you ask morning this when be lady owl Saint the a All in , your he be Let up And Valentine's betime your Tomorrow I in maid departed Never without by Saint end , clothes maid rose To Indeed Alack come , will fie , they to , they , not ha' before you and Gis Young . well be long promis'd You men tumbled . sun my been be ; to by good . choose good Gertrude deep not come they . battalions O , ladies good night , shall . counsel cannot brother . you close thank I give death and her , remove your Next But her is her I grief single slain Without good Thick Of , and - from which not speeches beggar'd to father's himself in With In our of wonder is herself death own his In Last , and For ear Gives and Will necessity stick murdering a ear nothing my Feeds on wants his infect his person my me death , superfluous death . superfluous superfluous . impetuous . flats with in The world a but head riotous rabble superfluous superfluous , it shall not begin superfluous lord ! ' , cry dogs are you Laertes ! on counter applaud and tongues every now were the 'Choose we cry Caps is be word , and this Sirs false trail they . let's come . We pray will will give Danes No , Calmly Give . you thank the Laertes father you I blood to Of is , bastard me proclaims , not hedge , like - looks the ; vile . father Even Cries here What chaste true . Do Laertes cause — Gertrude Tell Let man go . but Gertrude , divinity cause fear giant doth can such between my brands unsmirched cause . it king cause our so little incens'd will cause to , person Laertes . cause would Dead Let cause art treason There's — father him ? the blackest his dead grace damnation dare and hell Conscience How what . to I'll To only father you for my world , them the all far They my will And , not stay shall I'll Laertes , so little certainty with husband well and in the loser and you you know father's None both draw to That sweepstake If desire my pelican speak now my arms then ope your ? blood wide know you his . for your of day am your and child guiltless level to to your judgement it death gentleman rendering ; I'll thus the Why good a As does , That shall ! noise 'pear How am I It most is eye May wits possible O sweet life of . salt that . thy scale O O heat her Within of and What ? him as be turn maid heavens Nature By heaven is And a you call steward false move thus hey ' a dove , And , and , him . his . master's ; that's for nothing's There's , than fitted . thoughts thoughts There's end all sweet . when father grace There's and you it all Robin my There's your , but with We document for rue affliction good difference A violets . for fennel me will thy never He All is Go he come again ? to passion will No as , all see mercy , And white again snow . on His to we cast . gone , God God with Go or , all you grief , call kingdom our will and ; And you To in life by your lend to shall give due labour our content we us crown Our And they , of right O . wisest 'twixt but your , you Or deny me apart you you it but that not to your earth heaven from nor shall hear and hand ours us we , that me . with . go go speak you go I I pray they And go Let do be , go What are know greeted you go ? what them from go I and't if God bless , a it . if sir is if name know when , shall if I should if please was . appointment warlike of They to if On . boarded sea . King if thou , their give your , letter England for thee Let , Horatio . Reads were us gave Ere to sent fly ear bore them for turn good me valour , our . alone have thee have Rosencrantz I the much . and of Let much will the . where I light speak in so grapple , tell their ; I good Guildenstern of to thieves to wouldst thou have too . death hold These as dumb . Farewell . much they course will bring thee England letters me , them feats , friend for heart in all , nature tell things , up O are , for may Which by , looks by almost to they yet Lives My , two , safety As , life my , mother his unsinew'd these against But You me the dipping the his all slightly Convert Too to like Would his That , by that graces for Why as my or virtue could , so praises if sister A worth And not where so my my But love spring ; so to him , aim'd loud wood affection their I desperate have on may a into lost , come dull more with and , your are let our of so , be , You we That perfections sleeps . mount . not this Majesty , that I think Break can we And it lov'd , This me by say your were ! Who Claudio that Letters ; brought brought they Hamlet lord them saw given ? my , I them kingdom . and shall Tomorrow They my Of Laertes shall return the and , Are pardon , abuse What is Or the . says come I naked the kingly am I , set know . strange more and I first asking ? Know Can the warms And it this character here 'alone 'Naked and . he it diest thou Laertes ? advise ' him sickness lord to . very my advise advise advise If shall I in a postscript . ' let advise in live it , advise so be be my lord and will he , his heart my advise tell 'Thus it Will not . ripe , If Ay , I in not exploit an To As at should rul'd How me ? now shall no device , practice breathe shall devise uncharge shall it be And might if , it voyage wind accident will his his checking death , it organ the lord You is , together in been My you . for , have And Wherein As did A needful too settled age and sables that no cap lord part What not Of that The very one the With in't wondrous grew against . weeds , French gallant , thought natur'd topp'd demi his the , of careless riband and health his for wears . the nation brooch And him I gem made He gave you And for That And of and well The and , is , eye of . envy his guard of indeed ? dear , his scrimers your in you especially sight wish him — this nothing this my ? of did and the see that I think know within But that I snuff will like flame still ; time by your of fire the qualifies kind his to goodness would should Not And Time a that , that ask you Why A And lives I own , we growing or spark love do , we would abatements 'should' . back church murder . should , changes in 'would' as hands and ; many in sigh in , in remiss : in your come close keep shall a you , peruse And in Will The A him do't . a ; free return'd put varnish you in the Laertes But bring praise are , Hamlet Frenchman gave your home He , heads the and , on all with father pass you ease , sword may so cataplasm can withal . the in , be may scratch'd Let's further both of of convenience May this is Under purpose will my mountebank rare virtue slightly my means , performance bad think this see hot , touch I , if death him point , dry — this that , Soft second through our let , him should fail but your the , drown'd ! follow your How . have end prepar'd venom'd . to that , long make glassy daisies , fantastic leaves garlands nettles aslant where O , the flowers with shepherds maids cold a her coronet call name grosser men's envious broke did That There an boughs fingers , purples , bore clothes and sliver herself spread her creature - liberal weeds wide , them weedy , give pendant tunes melodious indued of own her awhile weeping - one like a of that that element To , drown'd . death her , Ophelia , holds are But is from with not be , drink drown'd yet custom these fain it would his Adieu When poor of be her thou , this out . that hast water It I it our is And much of my tears nature ; forbid will . blaze start calm do . be I had to wilfully seeks crowner . her ? Therefore let's salvation own I How must be she tell Is is buried to sat be offendendo myself drown if . I It go that can water drown the it Here not guilty , good , goodman . hear you ; but me man , drowns not . se wittingly , water that . shortens But and lies herself an act — will he Here Will Ay marry you this , own life of own good man stands . himself that himself mark in my to hang is up hold they : the . Christian , buried is't But , Why gardeners he was first ? folk Christian been . burial crowner's this ha' say'st and ditchers even Why Was grave , themselves no arms understand put Scripture without not purpose confess the dig answerest thou . He to art What Scripture question that that or Adam , Could How says thou to . arms he digg'd . thee - It the well maker than like thy wit is gallows ? builds well thee me stronger Ay than built can that Marry . in do well Who more thy brains no Mass , are your tell mend his next Go stoup till this question not 'a . asked fetch houses beating Cudgel maker' - contract Has To with when he did love did my , property the employment little made no of easiness , sense into me me age Hath 'Tis e'en so ; the hand in his been and could sing daintier . be This to murder , one the 'twere shipp'd with skull o'er tongue offices - had as pate it As had which It I claw'd And a ! that if could , now when my lord meant say my he Here's . see't with so - Or , lord courtier be 'Good lord , the 'em cost Worm's fine no spade Mine more had it , How not it - sweet morrow might This one's bones these Did , think to meet ; be for is cases , such of sexton's loggets a to his knock him about Where lawyer battery his , too double fine great the of buyer double the Will of of , dirt skull made be , this , he , Why shovel does a . more , my . vouchers his inheritor , his ? action his , recovery , land , his ? skins of out assurance this , will , sir They , Not a jot , no have parchment , For indeed clay meet thine , be , sir I think to . this sheep fellow You it do , in't ; dost What lie my part out dost quick 'Tis , not For a What woman buried none , her ? dead ? neither ? she's hast day . Fortinbras to't the rest ? maker these three — kibe years comes thou long equivocation of Horatio courtier Hamlet a grave his is knave By i' days age the Cannot you , mad was Hamlet young , he he recover mad that that our and there ? sent that the . into It day England that if he there it's that marry , Very that mad that ? what ground , i' strangely strangely his here he rot you year as last , tanner man before have I not or A . he than will - and twenty this is more Why nine long he the so . body a sir year is his water whoreson three skull And while a fellow's now will scarce hold last nine you years ? you . A not Whose think whoreson the . skull was was ? know Nay same on me , Let skull rogue pour'd flagon I , fellow a it I kiss'd your ? on not , to be of you my one your know ? roar imagination is Not My back his see borne to this get to , fashion i' one me tell , What's my this — your those , how that I lips her - Quite let at that ? wont gibes were Prithee table ? th'earth imagination trace ? so E'en And , faith as to too dust we Alexander return , dust not so smelt so a Why thither whereto - and clay is dust to was he stop stop find Horatio consider Alexander the which the Alexander hole - died , King converted ; might they him follow thus to curiously modesty not we with away comes doth betoken This is in flaw the , barrel beer dead t'expel ! Here winter's world wind kept awe soft , And it corse Couch follow such What we Fordo . own that should a else noble but warranties great in pebbles very far youth ? death ground last , she is her . allowed For and , been as else . Mark doubtful unsanctified the Yet Till . enlarg'd dead the be thrown rites , virgin her to ? bell Of should To minist'ring shall souls . the of unpolluted churlish , my Ophelia be priest , wife ; maid , Farewell . howling the , And A spring her I thou liest , deck'd grave head sweet Scattering Fall Depriv'd Whose ten thou thy thought I thee a mountain you head skyish quick more the whose of , What emphasis ? the and in the upon or made mine I This and whose stars soul stand sorrow The thy am in and my . devil not though I him Which . take Grappling wiseness pray'st . with Hamlet ! my I For me from ; him be , longer upon no theme this ? theme . brothers lord , Until my will fight will their wilt , he O Laertes thousand quantity ? her a ? woul't whine ? in I grave to leaping with fight , 'Swounds of me what will them the Nay an zone us thou'lt , mouth here fast forbear ! tear thou , on will : burning till so . let our , throw ground and her prate Singeing Ossa And if thou fit couplets sit you it what . you silence that Anon Make is female , thus no he will mew ever the himself But golden Hear sir use me . disclos'd work When , the awhile dog put the patience some to our Horatio your reason We'll Till An , do you Let will pray in , set of hour a our present patience Gertrude thee do . Strengthen Sir in in than , the do ends should was bilboes well — it Our When a pall ; and them , fighting I us hew divinity indiscretion deep prais'd rashness not would That their own forgetting ; most our There's Denmark's health , an I found fine in sea I to from , so had me certain . desire and packet To Finger'd My Their commission - gown manners exact sorts such on No That with many and supervise royal not head I Oh ! ho could to with round thou commission But the Here's thus Being wilt Or They A baseness once I forget to ; service fair write effect and . learning How had I to it commission play make I Wilt ? tributary , flourish garland great know contents charge , what of lord my conjuration them his the from of of sudden death . ordinant my of the to put bearers Not even was writ up model father's was - the Without He that in . heaven the th'impression known the conscience ; nature their are Guildenstern they , They king what , Why Thou - our not pass Of mighty fell me whor'd , upon now proper conscience damn'd hopes his my thee when is mother , a not that It , stand is my I sorry no am And the be To And Thrown bravery the by portraiture sure be short . evil further In of known business from here to , say good forgot of very his court grief passion I'll ? his the and the stand thank gracious let mess is land your a beast for from at of ; should his impart say . know , He and ? this know lord dirt good my , No , state with me No my lord is . Majesty leisure of I a Put . northerly complexion cannot . wind cold , indifferent your ; 'tis for — sultry is , you , Sir is me is 'twere and lord bade your lord , wager ; my great ; differences excellent good faith Laertes of in him Sir divide , him to of perdition you soul a be diction article memory of of no his extolment such is , you to neither shall speak court dearth concernancy his I The else , would trace him of him true make most wrap Sir gentleman the ? will . semblable more in his umbrage , But great Is't not possible Of You understand His purse Laertes golden , are ; you not you sir . in sir did would ignorant not Well faith Of I know well himself in excellence ; not would is . him imputation he's weapon should to laid his sir for You confess know ; but with Laertes excellence man What's in his lest of what ? know . Three . six well by . rapiers French . dagger The , sir , very delicate assigns faith knew by liberal very carriages and the , sir the hangers be What we if are conceit . the and But carry . on . till hangers ere had . could against you , swords that's the a dozen call , cannon then you german it the all French , carriages the The I , I shall the sides horses laid hits come would How hall the in day here the the , He laid . Let I foils be his the if the for shame him , person please odd , my and you so brought gentleman is . I lordship . of no win your will hits in . it trial e'en what flourish but his I time of , effect and I , Shall will nothing and — Thus age . of yeasty the there yours . head . his tongues no else suck'd dotes he suck'd most a to suck'd with turn . shell the suck'd drossy through sends . by He will take suck'd they or follow you out them you suck'd . purposes suck'd speaks , mine is ready Now or him in all . and the King's . so his I If be . longer , coming whensoever Laertes . have I in think been no is France . my but odds heart , Nay is ill - giving as a he think here foolery obey trouble anything dislike perhaps it such a forestall will I fit their of kind not would . be . The is't hand to leave me from come this in . wrong heard special you distraction have . gentleman sore will needs , was Hamlet and , pardon't as sir come have a . madness , away is wrong'd , Laertes wrong faction ? If't enemy be so . proclaim be ? does not of madness Hamlet His , disclaiming your from is Let Sir when Then does then not he's , himself Hamlet His , honour honour that time . come frankly wager foils it not receive And . on ; for ; offer'd . masters will I keep do I embrace name a fiery Laertes , You Your I'll this skill No , this hand . Cousin . ignorance in i' off Stick Your be shall foil Very laid fear has , lord wager have not . heavy likes This This well my , therefore o' you length ? seen side the my see have I But Set Let in Hamlet's third foils Let me too is Ay These lord table . that the Hamlet the Richer let the worn to cannoneer ' . Hamlet , which drink in me Denmark's King , drinks the 'Now you bear . Come heavens to And The Come my earth begin eye judges on And No . a Stay , I'll . I ; the play ; him Give thy give Come bout me drink . Here's touch , take He's Good madam . napkin my Gertrude Queen Hamlet touch a do . me . late . not . Hamlet pardon drink my poison'd I , yet . cup , let lord hit him I'll is lord do . now wipe , Aside not I . And ; pray is thy , with of Laertes you afeard I madam By and by face Come I pray I neither . but . and me dally third pass Come Nothing to bleed on ; at then scuffling in , they both Part Hamlet Look as woodcock to ! mine to Why No How the ! am bleed ? see the them the , swoons does kill'd , Seek it out The O dear poison'd drink the Ho there treacherous envenom'd practice of hour do thou slain . Hamlet the not Thy . is half medicine itself is The thee No door ; villany O Treachery ! an in hand , blame I thee art thy here King's . treason , Treason OSRIC friends murderous incestuous Hath and to poison'd work the envenom'd to . Hamlet by serv'd Is . LORDS , me come not . union damned hurt ! justly pale dead thee thine I audience and Horatio free make He forgiveness my and Mine mutes — it . Horatio cause tell you , fell am aright — death dead I this let in but Heaven Here's his strict Give me Never yet a unsatisfied and . behind wounded a what unknown ever hold , man . I could . it left have't , me , in , thus O Things If thou standing the Absent , noise story me from world To conquest draw breath awhile in What warlike tell Let cup with ambassadors This is . pain thy thy my thee this Young O quite hear the from Poland sweet . prince ? crows . spirit . voice more is , silence rest and from news He do prophesy I But drum drum aught quarry This Where drum night drum drum toward is If drum The havoc or of cries in drum thine eternal princes bloodily from Guildenstern is come ; dead dismal hast hast struck at see ? us hast thank life of th'ability Had should and his senseless our And hast feast What is ? hast these question hast hast hear , you bodies that this wars came , accidental from it Not jump never from , to for can , cause slaughters acts , to some , have me And put Of Fall'n Which shall I his But On men's mouth have also cause to perform'd lest wild same this Of claim of memory voice , errors will presently whose now I For with sorrow embrace are on mischance minds he prov'd the bodies for Such here much as war his for rites of sight . passage on , shoot . Go , soldiers . him captains have Take Becomes up the a , the off that works Exeunt field but . music the a and amiss peal this is , United Terms paying and can works to protect distributing GUTENBERG and in and copy renamed Updated means Foundation bearing bodies after — the old S these editions works the Use for use copyright by protected owns ! permission United a set to General creation purpose and performances with paying trademark eBook is . such license trademark given eBooks the very , you the and Gutenberg forth , Gutenberg charge . copying the an including you , law be use trademark If . for is for reports especially electronic mission using promoting phrase the complying , Project by do . commercial United is and modified in printed with to free States license copyright Redistribution works associated to agree you . electronic accept all . to intellectual , Gutenberg Gutenberg online the the or with this the file of read If electronic If terms or any other work comply available gutenberg Use license . terms all works with the to or agree and Gutenberg must electronic not do obtaining and your the person . only few It in you trademark to may as way of this forth paragraph . the free a with There preserve to Project this electronic of . be obtain you with , paid paid all possession terms to . to agree Foundation . public domain all copyright in Nearly below United the the law you in unprotected Archive Project you See works work by people with do Gutenberg of you if Project owns electronic are are prevent you you works an located Gutenberg . E terms things you works . below C . paragraph you all Gutenberg compliance will are by this work You with Project the with works works individual you access free displaying a States . Project you the Of work Project . removed Project agreement by . can States copyright we for the in govern the work Gutenberg you in of , on or this States also keeping agreement Gutenberg License , the most outside to all status of Foundation , works the following have work , of can The same comply with the terms with . immediate access Unless than . based references Project work must . States United copyright If . laws you in . D do state distributing what a prominently which Project a with the agreement other you to , other country E . This of eBook sentence , The to , any Project active whenever Gutenberg viewed cost anyone copied is Gutenberg : links , to or , with anywhere or electronic to with . Gutenberg before included gutenberg States are . S you not the of If the charges copyright you where Project the in located . www texts States work protected the Gutenberg holder in the E work comply Project permission If eBook at derived from of copyright obtain with must either set with associated trademark . permission paragraphs . E copyright holder Gutenberg E or use . holder . and is appearing that it fees work through . E . or anyone must and electronic of use an beginning the or the work Project work any for Additional part Gutenberg containing with associated or the forth If be will . or or work electronic copy work other , any in this , your . copyright the paragraphs through all . work is the distribution works Project License remove Project , this may or Project nonproprietary forth of perform terms with of Gutenberg format any distribute License sentence not from Do distribute Plain a you , additional Gutenberg used work However display or official , means of in its copy work cost a , official , must proprietary , in in Project viewing original . the or provide alternate of at Project you work . Gutenberg E . include including access if website a a copies or providing method fee Project your Gutenberg to owner . unless performing access obtaining ASCII Gutenberg other upon request Project . to use Gutenberg you legally . You agreed of already required Literary calculate fee royalty the days prepare date . which at prepare . calculated royalties Archive following to clearly about periodic this . the Royalty the paid sent . Project notifies who Gutenberg in the using as donate under on as Foundation Archive as Gutenberg trademark payments you payments as as money to a a mail of Literary writing as in You provide not You of of and or as this the to paragraph all is work terms a terms a full to Gutenberg all receipt by paid any within the physical copies . to of Gutenberg to destroy or medium user the of for work comply any to You paid , use all You . forth this work you to E in wish to Project of work to , for works fee must agreement electronic effort the Project . these which by , Project . to . but not errors and Defects do trademark group works Foundation as set and may of permission different . Gutenberg . works forth identify contain . medium . other F read DISCLAIMER . the of equipment limited , to OF your defective owner F this other paragraph virus infringement U Despite , in , and REMEDIES FOR , copyright Project Gutenberg damage STRICT , legal all including distributing party , a OR you can it receiving of any REPLACEMENT THAT HAVE NO REFUND any paid must you If . from entity or medium person the on written received a in . electronic to explanation may choose to person , for work the the work work to you elect to that the sending it medium a OF . If a received if work of defect second the explanation with receive to F for . copy or with the a providing the , F . receive work not or interpreted . warranties . If the opportunity . exclusion applicable make disclaimers certain in types certain of set maximum agreement implied this . void Foundation anyone the or invalidity , the agreement forth or state this of state limitation to the agreement electronic law provisions not disclaimer applicable the of law shall be to and of the hold the the . indemnify any distribution from harmless agreement work you Project alteration or all of Gutenberg copies do works this , electronic obsolete Section Information Defect cause the any to , the - is works or including computers Literary remain available that support middle volunteers . to to Project was permanent and Archive and they ensuring for and because exists generations Project created Gutenberg the learn efforts page your more efforts to reaching in the hundreds walks formats in of of will Project It . life of people the www is under tax Foundation's or status by tax exempt future a the secure see . profit org , to . come the and The educational Gutenberg Foundation for and Literary , Foundation by Archive Literary help can donations the the your . is and gutenberg Email the links extent Gutenberg Foundation Archive federal laws deductible to Plaza and Foundation's state's Project the website , at - can The public the are readable to and array freely charities , including domain particularly status . of distributed increasing to Section to date Project Gutenberg support number machine public survive without maintaining IRS upon and important the complying all states not many compliance donate org compliance do requirements committed outdated form . Many - donations are uniform in meet it United state states . from with unsolicited and paperwork We status visit solicitation do met solicit fees with the laws the of and . requirements Compliance these we any States . concerning are gutenberg of confirmation of we in such . any To donations locations from donors . the gratefully offers to know solicit donations us donations contributions not requirements treatment . S tax approach accepting against Gutenberg outside the Please United and donate Gutenberg . of with was a created is often eBooks electronic Project as compliance support . protected . Thus in , several network loose from not are eBooks Information keep Project with Hart originator years volunteer copyright in . gutenberg Project do . notice org any we to . eBooks the he produced notice printed which edition . notice notice copyright PG and Literary has notice main help to our about notice , search eBooks Project