yourself . Long Stand Nay , answer and Stand King Barnardo Stand come Stand thee He Stand carefully Stand . sick am you this struck You 'Tis rivals watch meet , And thanks stirring good mouse . cold haste make ? Marcellus ! Dane And The think I , ground . night good to liegemen Give . farewell thing What of . you A will And , Horatio again our and approve , Tush to Therefore this I have sight have the if Touching With may He And so let tush fortified hear , And are Well we When made same night star Barnardo we of , of and where bell his now break The Where In Peace , not Most It King , be Horatio usurp'st Together . of that It with fair that sometimes march heaven I Denmark and to Mark this By ? would it ! offended charge night majesty thou art What Did In ! See it stalks and not answer You Horatio will ? fantasy Is ! think , speak tremble ! my I It ! gone this What mine eyes true this something God , I and ! thee . look you 'Tis own King ! thyself to not Without Before ! Of very armour like the he 'Tis once , thou th'ambitious when strange Such smote jump by this . on dead our Norway at gone stalk the Polacks hath in So frown'd When he the an he : hour ; my work scope , and he me to eruption and the why But now , gross what In Thus such foreign such cast and our . to and subject for the me with the inform ; day task ; cannon of of this labourer , whose week . that knows , watch , him Norway , compact , valiant , by on you even whisper prick'd combat That Who For Did Was , the as , seiz'd , which had same , return'd , design'd as of King inheritance carriage And vanquisher the gaged Dar'd slay Fortinbras which cov'nant , Fortinbras ; stomach it As For to , our , state appear main of source by hath His Hath Shark'd food motive of recover doth well and unto by those rummage : King watch that no - Of this it Well be sort other watch haste A to eye . watch mind's of so this our think Is post it through is it the A is watch this lost . of and mote In watch watch watch armed I watch That the figure like sheeted blood moist empire and sun the in And climatures earth omen stands the the fire to almost whose trains and little The Did with doomsday events , illusion , streets Upon Unto And cross it hast Speak me , me Stay comes , voice ! me be , on eclipse fates again , together coming , to thing to foreknowing country's fate avoid life use . blast where it , grace any which That may , uphoarded womb walk , may me . O art speak ! thy ! death oft , Marcellus not here 'Tis . partisan majestical , invulnerable of show is blows the the 'Tis at . cock , that is when guilty throat at in , warning air hies the earth probation , shrill like I trumpet . vain about then And , object that , or the to the and , herein truth celebrated is all singeth dawning say wholesome witch present say our the And then heard , impart young Hamlet what us watch in part and , nor then stir abroad it believe time . mantle clad , him , life our , duty and find in our the dew we , Laertes , Where , dear and our , be green most I morning ? this him Voltemand and , in with death us woe ; him freely dole marriage have , herein we and auspicious 'twere as Th'imperial Therefore To to thinking this to surrender fail'd be hath Colleagued With Lost most ourself Importing and brother with his brother's , supposal pester us our have dear know and of death . scarcely to are levies made suppress hears . law time - for valiant He To To much by Now , and rid young this . So much bonds those all we , duty VOLTEMAND let Of Farewell To ; all things your with In We His cannot reason thou the is't with . duty your . scope . we farewell our : and , that lose The the Than Dread have return Denmark favour my to to ? Polonius . France France toward again , coronation came that duty me at leave to . seal'd , lord will to petition ; and my ; to , Laertes laboursome ; kin cousin spend consent thine and it , hour the now thy you , thy my last go be , his fair graces best do Upon Take And lord with father all nature through 'tis for Do And Seek I , thy Passing know'st Not How ! madam Seems Together , nor the Nor it Nor alone windy suspiration of solemn in the grief the which might show , woe . father duties nature your lost his , to your , passeth Hamlet term some of , course seem play of suits and , father the , impatient peevish 'tis , in must unfortified , be vulgar most . condolement and survivor bound for , Of To obstinate know mind a a stubbornness and to ; and is , we ? Why As what we the most our fault still who a , whose and so be the of reason of You a with which toward less no father ; woe ' . immediate of our he died throw , remain his son , Wittenberg Hamlet son , Wittenberg in you that Than Here Our a , our desire to of , prayers stay not pray mother to most beseech cheer her you is And in we you . a go ; lose comfort and and to madam reply come . us thee thy shall as to my and loving heart the the Re flesh solid resolve too speaking But , self His 'gainst stale fie 'tis O ! nature unprofitable ! unweeded garden this to fix'd a would . and gross world O Everlasting , Seem How the dew that Fie Hyperion That Or Thaw - That a dead merely Oh ! an so the so ; was , this , woman is were father's thy name old , not to , should not , Possess So to a months two But , Must it think month all ! on of appetite poor , more followed my married — the My Let Visit I As if face her ; and Frailty With Niobe O With is yet I , which , yet tears Would Like me those discourse even — to well myself forget to see I to to It break to I to glad do lordship I'll change Sir Marcellus from that lord Wittenberg sir — even . Wittenberg ? from you make hear so ; Horatio : with name lord , truster of enemy good disposition see you ear Elsinore me see my your . say that your deep see Horatio But not , I We'll I mock - depart upon bak'd meats . father heaven . fellow . foe marriage I think it was . tables funeral . all a was shall man think saw I I ? lord him yesternight like ; him he upon his eye , not was He I In take him My , all again in father for of witness your , the my attent an the Upon Season Marcellus For Been In exactly . A Two to me these , point dead and together and - your the their middle figure Within Armed fear them marvel This his oppress'd stately them encounter'd nights , solemn me , father true both did they at slow their The of Appears and whilst surprised , to him , walk'd , watch impart night they . like . we where this knew not was ? time in third had they Where Form the thing , each I where My ? none away strange from the at It speak none did it address none methought once ; would as shrunk our very And lifted motion then the none like it , my 'Tis live As none morning cock sight of the my MARCELLUS We , and none ? this sirs BARNARDO none it lord 'tis duty ; lord tonight in . Both my lord . toe , top My to his frowningly anger beaver up in in , more look'd lord Nay O yes Then A very fix'd much it Stay'd long tell might . pale . his . And Most eyes upon amaz'd I would very saw't hundred . was beard His , grizzled seen I have I I to hold have an tenable my speak it conceal'd . peace though I hap but . to duty loves I'll the Upon father's in as , Our will Give And understanding it else . mine still come well not night men's ! give the sit then Till o'erwhelm : arms ! embark'd play foul Your My the not sleep you benefit , winds are convoy , My do me But Hamlet For let hear of and Do Forward , violet a and , more so more a toy ; minute . The perfume Think inward the mind of but crescent suppliance the permanent and more does ; Perhaps No not , of waxes ; own : choice persons must fear not ; soil no of may himself , as subject will but temple now besmirch doth cautel no . loves as not grow soul and alone nature withal his his is his , says he yielding must his of for will And The now , health wisdom deed of act far and in his particular of be this whole unvalu'd not sanctity voice your fits Unto which ; so on And is As saying . therefore The And Out The unmask the shot the fear his To too loss head It If Or The Too canker itself before the the strokes ; songs sustain treasure . your of moon disclos'd of be dew brother , liquid buttons their lies most spring calumnious the . keep lesson But some and reckless treads libertine thorny own to way rede . pastors good my not here as like stay too double O is upon ? in dalliance . comes ; grace my father . not blessing , fear the , double a Aboard shoulder with , steel entertainment with with , hast not thou Grapple each entrance them thou unto a th'opposed - dull But Be Nor . Give precepts thy his means but being . adoption . of . Beware ; but , few these And Those do beware soul thine man's not they in most a borrower select proclaims , the and For each but ; true and ; that not , the rank gaudy thy buy chief . can purse man in : blessing my take my ; leave servants and said What , man day tend the false be as to thee my remember . lock'd to touching is't you , well hath Marry me he been audience , as 'tis I ; you he . Farewell Ophelia , So What , said of tenders . honour truth up your tell on so me . put oft most daughter ? you You you believe Affection is behoves Pooh hath lord affection speak in tenders You perilous ; tenders for as to ! not do Or you . the Tender , I a like such my these should wind you'll importun'd with . yourself me me go go fool , phrase to . a poor . a he , In of love , extinct , heat the do my speech his . how burns the to vows blazes , of lord , the Giving the springes given it . in daughter soul is these prodigal , a I , presence a at to with Than And may of dye for they , is For blood in a parley . in Not your much be must something for light scanter so Hamlet Lord his vows given not to As Look would The , Have give with the your it shall What eager is hour a bites air It shrewdly air ; and is . not it does I Wherein , lacks of nipping an . twelve my And to mind And The This Makes The our Soil clepe traduc'd manner heavy drunkards marrow chances in our perform'd it height at . men , them , guilty mole choose they of of other and west , too that of cannot nature their down habit pales ; with not , in , substance comes , scandal lord defend health and his corruption — censure of my particular Shall From all it of grace of ministers , Look That That Have thou cast To Let Wherein Why canoniz'd we his ponderous , hideous thus thee saw night So thoughts is Revisit'st Wherefore our of ? away impartment alone did Wherefore . Wherefore ground desire Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore . pin's my ; do It the the summit . what Being waves again immortal at be lord ? follow I'll as of toward dreadful his base , cliff the flood tempt That , Do not not me draw to What might very more assume Which beetles And if And Go And makes hardy as . My Hold you shall this out ; your cries each Something Let's , make a desperate I'll on fit it of . Denmark Heaven Nay Have me will flames tormenting , come . thy unfold bound thou to serious hear night , the , hear forbid , combined and Thy harrow ; for a ; the unfold stars ; start locks ; list ; dear and Murder ! is it thy foul God unnatural . fat Lethe the wharf Hamlet be ease , on than thou in . sleeping whole in , of process so thou , but a out stir shouldst by given A youth , father's . know crown the did that ; forged my my Mine O prophetic his , that Denmark of — uncle , was - most his with adulterate uncle the there dignity the beast uncle ! soul ! my of So uncle and have gifts uncle , wicked I From Hamlet will wit that , traitorous uncle shameful power was hand whose wretch But court Upon to of me O it made mine lust let custom always . within uncle in a , ears distilment porches cursed of Sleeping scent a to itself of Will Brief My ; heaven link'd bed orchard garbage sate . Though lewdness it in prey I doth it pour . With soft And And And Of The Holds The The Most with gates , blood tetter with my sent unanel'd my dispatch'd head my with not with with , brother's with at of Denmark incest contrive , act leave it account with . to , and ; her bear ! horrible . damned let heaven ; be my ; bed pursu'st , heart else me . What ! memory Remember adieu pale heaven fie , globe from distracted ghost grow not thee Hold earth O , stiffly poor In Ay you I shall all Adieu to 'gins And host , couple hell me sinews ? bear of , table O my All And That of saws Unmix'd That I'll Yea this , youth and commandment baser with one 'Adieu am villain is , be Now sworn't , adieu It O villain , are to . villain , there , Within So , HORATIO My . lord . secure , ho , Heaven lord come . my my boy What , is't , once think — you'll knave . my secret heart my my be and a he's To us tell arrant Why it that without my are i' circumstance hands the right this in , point , from and own , I'll my you faith , I'll offence heartily heartily I'll . Horatio I'll here I'll friends one friends , I'll And know me Give my lord , I'll may much by Saint It And As My O'ermaster't as honest to For request seen , my in . already indeed . lord my sword lord We Nor Indeed , sayst hear this Ha , Come swear fellow truepenny lord , my . by And your this my , Swear Beneath Swear Hic et lay to shift upon that hither of Swear , by my gentlemen have , i' so . strange is this ! mole hands you work Canst again we'll Then ? ubique Come Well said night dreamt before , in in as or as wondrous . shake doubtful this think myself help But you bear heaven things There worthy To I never philosophy me hereafter , it , antic times put perchance , pronouncing know' speak' ambiguous aught : at and That Or With , list of some — come , meet so at , spirit Swear need - is Hamlet and man So you spite I cursed lack fingers of O us go it a your lips , you , right . together , me do , to . Let . I love perturbed his shall what I and this The , And And Nay Give I money let's to . not in , go come , together . notes these Of Before shall will , lord to did , What who lord and how well company this do Than know And You do marvellous behaviour you , I it intend are Danskers and and , friends it drift , and you nearer 'not he's , wild put , and mean I please marry say , will . rank on wild most , such Addicted But if't so so well And , him' he may you ; forgeries As him dishonour may in him you and liberty my , youth To drabbing , But You , as open another may to is , As Faith That not The no the scandal ; fiery in ; so . quaintly , know would here's a fetch of my son , my lord is little on flash I Your a laying And , He with thing drift soil'd , believe Mark , a you good my country or , 'gentleman' — the ' — assur'd or be prenominate consequence . and Very then does At By the At was He And I sir to say about he , I something . I . 'gentleman the gentleman , or : with gaming enter , him yesterday know day perchance was What about the or saw was a falsehood , at such and a such or of With Or 'friend , or , you truth , advice of and assays this so we , indirections my . have , sale' , of See of carp of out and me directions , takes windlasses do with find my lord in yourself well lord son By and bias . lord my my lord . his . you , have so Ophelia what's . chamber my in sewing his doublet stockings unbrac'd ? the been God the other me . he piteous comes thy Mad , I truly of for said he and but ? other As he falls thus of know been horrors To speak not do his He would to the hand such perusal Long my of arm , King ecstasy out to , does No That , I our given you afflict As did What And am quoted letters as command denied mad heed did trifle , and that , we long you you did . sending we have th'exterior death was transformation Of Resembles Our father's Hamlet's that it his So cannot so time pleasures so , to dream from his here by youth days I up with both and , glean gather court , full your bent . entreaty pleasures Your As by , My Thanks , changed son bring our helpful and Ay to and is and presence and lord , and . good good news . and father of you and , I as gracious my my have found that I policy this so of the God my think else do to cause of Hamlet's do — my : brain sure to admittance first very hath it speak As O do shall grace , me doubt I and other him appear'd desires . suppress out , a To It levied his three commission , please for regards such are set and ; time we'll read - well this business well . safety consider'd likes It our at On , you think welcome Most at What My nothing rest , Answer And we your thank and This day Meantime for should , majesty night limbs Your the day Therefore And call it since but be but else and day time , expostulate to and is is of soul , be waste brevity , night . Madam Were we find mad More Mad go nothing But Hath given this daughter the cause I true I no : will him for A And Perpend Ophelia vile , hear shall : phrase thus is — 'beautified' the mark by of out say cause the defective and effect rather Or Who I have this remains me an the Thus celestial you . my , this ; stars sun doth thou awhile to the the are fire her to , soul's Good Came a I be will be is it to faithful that never doubt stay dear fell more in Thine But Doubt I liar . numbers at these best dear But I , Doubt move , Adieu . art , me and , reckon not believe to him ? you what But this so prove I When would seen . I must tell you , you , your , hot faithful told desk Or Or I given think this , what me love heart my Before my perceiv'd a it As I If As might look'd my had Majesty you upon I of from short a now weakness , make to tale fruits receive then , That , repulsed , tokens my no she 'Lord What Admit , he Thence Fell into done to a And be , 'tis this ? you ''Tis , if I it That Take there this , lead from If How is You Here in he the though centre further four together , him . comes wretch carters , not thereon reading Hamlet me leave , the will We O good him I try ? are , does presently do look , me my know as I honest well You be , to , sir of true , thousand my one man — dead in carrion Conception . my is , look daughter ? world . a being , to't daughter Yet he , far as but very maggots , Have a dog love , suffered lord a . conceive may daughter by th' How say walk i' sun . Friend harping — I was Still , I said ? that I'll me gone not at . speak What satirical wrinkled , read that my words . grey old purging of powerfully set lack says ; eyes their . you and , thick like if ? in't . to have am plentiful I , there air the grave Aside of . Into walk is that , replies could My Indeed are ! so contrive honourable sanity happiness Though you my between him that life , except take prosperously o' not I from my sir Fare except my . part willingly . you ; more life fools my you ! lord most , save God Guildenstern ? My honoured lord . As - the are we , excellent good My dear , My ! lads How Rosencrantz the secret On Happy that Fortune's parts Then her , of . her ? of middle we is ; your . Fortune she a strumpet honest . grown , and wards . hands more prison ? one the are so being . so not one th' worst , in Then We think my it me is is too one nutshell , in bounded ambition none which be Why your thinking 'tis that ; ambition ; then , God of airy shadow but a and light a shadow of substance is the dreams bad are is A we but Truly Then beggars' shadows I indeed the so shadow's ambition . monarchs , my . But for ; other no friendship man wait and GUILDENSTERN . of dreadfully And ? servants but halfpenny a thanks in too ; I a even you Shall . such , dear in To your thanks dear for . Elsinore you Were you . at , You your to . inclining lord , are Come , were have the . is Come not it come and more dear a my me lord end good Queen ; have rights our . me Guildenstern for direct no our , confession enough you - preserved I the in . withal you charge , Nay by me But let eye off sent were , my . anticipation so heavily my no or even you your . disposition hold , of discovery custom this all ; promontory brave sterile , a fretted than to seems , indeed roof me work of paragon world in like , dust though by was then delight , you receive hither , Why , angel the of your did you lord players that He the the lady make say . and What mind humorous her whose shall welcome the , shall , welcome they you king are knight gratis ; of welcome the not those the shall me clown you for't the be welcome shall was , welcome inhibition they ? hold welcome the same better blank the ? city Are tragedians . means the city . Their profit their Do are , tyrannically endeavour think eyases , call them — the fashion escoted . say ? players — sing themselves they better as it them are How — exclaim are longer ? quality , are they in cry they ? now on ; pace out wonted clapped keeps the These quills - stages the them grow ; sides both the , are common to to tarre has make their they like much them unless the and There was to Is't has been the throwing possible . of brains no . too in cuffs Denmark of , give is father while for in , forty and little philosophy . could , away , 'Sblood twenty picture . load his if lived , lord There the is there not fifty this in a mouths my for than out natural uncle . Gentlemen appurtenance fairly In my should my are , this but mad welcome garb , lest , more and fashion extent of welcome is outward north and is , to for ; them a he's will the he Happily Guildenstern , you Well see , man old swaddling clouts hearer too at say Mark . Rome When child , indeed it an — is You . an . buzz , Buzz pastoral - be comical in Seneca best world - too , either for tragedy , Upon my honour each ass — historical , only his , Plautus , what he passing loved he Why of judge treasure ? more , daughter no my — and treasure . well , love ? that have I , you know wot was more to abridgement welcome Com'st . Nay row It to of pious ladyship a altitude to welcome uncurrent mistress you piece gold French chopine last and first The good ! We'll . last lady are of are , heard to general once friends . your , be . is nearer to your voice you if million others make lines much — speech passionate Come like not a have not , savoury , nor such affectation the play judgements I said the were in it called there Aeneas' much , remember digested me . Come , as received mine as the might method fine an line this speaks it play the But , it an or indite : it in see , resemble , horse arms the the and his purpose heraldry With Black as , of he more total fathers of Hath he impasted with the a black Head , wrath and , Pyrrhus hellish horridly foot with Pyrrhus it did he begins ominous whose complexion . murders o'ersized Roasted , grandsire carbuncles like thus parching light at spoken with . good finds Greeks he his Repugnant to arm too Striking God , lord him , wind rage his fell match'd where . Th'unnerved with at short With , 'Fore Priam base this , wide Ilium in . Takes reverend Priam , tyrant Then and feel , blow Seeming Pyrrhus Stoops like But as region speechless see nothing his on senseless of , will th'air the seem'd . Pyrrhus' a Cyclops' armour the And out In As synod strumpet on ; sets remorse is down did vengeance the rend Aroused And never so Pyrrhus' work , sword hammers bleeding All ! and , spokes take the the Hecuba . barber's ; Say on to bawdry , or . sleeps say on he — 'The a or tale a barefoot good jig for queen' ? upon o'erteemed , stood , About her the is , rheum diadem late and would she if But blanket this Where seen had When burst The In Run lank bisson Who gods clout down and up A themselves saw with mincing , A , with his mortal sword them in And passion clamour the burning gods tears soon this epitaph ill Good . bad and . Do you of not that she , not has will ; for , less well . man whipping the , bounty your own them much him Follow , old We'll ? hear play tomorrow . Take to , desert man sirs my lord Murder of ? You could would set , friends . Come more should hear Dost ha't tomorrow We'll dozen look you . leave I'll not . some could , speech in't mock need study lord , that lord my Good Rosencrantz . lord Ay , what in But Very and are Guildenstern wi' rogue a his voice broken Tears A his from With conceit ? function he to his peasant . am Now to , b' eyes his God monstrous that I I passion own visage whole all , suiting conceit ; here player this Hecuba soul fiction That Could Hecuba forms should the weep to his Hecuba That have , and , Hecuba not unpregnant No nothing Upon Am a made . Hecuba rascal for and Yet pate in face across life Hecuba lie me me , breaks , indeed the amaze most dreams a say villain the to my me , damn'd As - all fatted : gives the it Who and gall this ere , does th' throat ? coward should bitter , region , villain , i' ? words murder'd it , Bloody , vengeance ! heaven my drab with hell and ! Must a is lack or the have son of I offal most , brave ass , this , A ! the struck They Have by guilty to Prompted I'll I course my The quick I'll observe he I melancholy the I'll my If . devil shape weakness and with I'll my , pleasing this Out As is of to him tent Wherein relative , me to , speak seen power have blench , perhaps the catch very damn The I'll than of spirits , thing King potent play's the , quiet ? himself will does But harshly Grating And no drift on dangerous he with would do he and turbulent why you can cause we we Of a madness on him to . lunacy days distracted means , confession . But But bring When Most like a of his in but of his that him a pastime demands reply any certain told , players these kind of order Majesties your . delights edge . so too us lord my . seeing that myself sent Hamlet accident love as of him , his or th'affliction thus And That may We and he suffers encounter their shall he obey lawful , be of And ourselves by gather Her If't Hamlet's bring Madam , wonted be beauties : That your so , you good wildness We 'Tis loneliness That such are . o'er art with speech 'tis we , prov'd pious . it may so Read may blame ! doth too , that O thing painted helps to true do that much bestow show too And be , in the to be , 'tis slings not opposing them to by against we end , fortune die to sleep : that a may . the come , rub respect and pause to That sleep The , long , and his make bear these us perchance , we Must would oppressor's who of That a traveller grunt bare whips so off bear wrong unworthy bourn have us that Thus dread country returns us fly And sicklied Is fair No The lose The the name of action Nymph my my Soft in sins remember'd , many , well of deliver you lord for you have lord I I gave aught I not , now have ; you No does Good I I That I humbly thank pray longed honour'd There Are lord givers when ? fair ? Are , Ha if , beauty have with sooner . honest lord his into That you What power force than transform believe so honesty gives time now cannot did sometime for likeness it a Could my , will of the Indeed have , made virtue wouldst . a more relish me love a the you , once but . so of deceived accuse . home , them be thou yet with , Where's all imagination in arrant doors be upon shut the him nunnery . lord may plague thee you , If O help as snow this heavens thy dowry escape marry them enough and monsters thou shalt Or fool ice ; wise , go ; house , him , go know heavenly make nickname God's of jig make married already . I all given amble your but , a shall I'll too , and made your God ! me they is of o'erthrown tongue state mould the observers and scholar's eye To a you . You another and , quite of noble , that rest more ; soldier's fashion most of most of harsh jangled noble woe is , youth and vows , reason and , wretched form sword , deject honey that with form and see what way spake tend . not sits affections unmatch'd do it something a of sovereign seen O blown feature what His like , I Blasted T'have have , I see madness which Thus you on't ? his little England : brood in There's doubt , which soul disclose prevent to , determination our himself objects still well love commencement But him different neglected settled of . queen it My tell not show if hold us . do his . need We But neglected you it I'll all England To Of And To grief lord mother so If shall . with her , conference send shall must ear . the , not where do air torrent you the inexplicable fellow pated as - pronounced , as I as lines may robustious are as , all Nor do for passion of your players acquire , who as me I to as gently but rags part as not Suit , not modesty , mirror , to nature tutor It your special to whipped word o'erstep is her Now unskilful laugh overdone both at dumb for own to let your warrant Herod . you . honour a fellow Pray - I to is was own his virtue , overdone so ; playing own be them it journeymen they Nature's neither heard and , I seen o'erweigh a , it reform hope altogether reform'd the must cannot your the that nor us clowns that , not and abominably no speak that players highly and them play ready pitiful spectators of a you . let . the considered , in set And on fool the King hear , and my make Will and some piece of presently players help hasten , too them . to two What Here , lord sweet e'er , art Horatio . may crook let do hast thee my To dear thee could soul men For her hear ? spirits fawning Dost , suffers hast election choice fawning man absurd knee fawning . of with herself distinguish mistress hinges the fawning the fawning follow , Fortune's suffering , one fawning In That sound not heart's I a are fawning judgement a pipe for thou thanks not blood That fawning Hath seal'd in man they and Whose Something of heart and what is my As One is do thee of told thou see'st , father's - soul , circumstance the much ; heedful as have seeming . judgements note , of lord play mine damned unkennel If of my mine is Vulcan's with when itself the Even I They Danish march i' Excellent - are A I answer mine No , promise That , did I my have nothing . say Polonius . kill'd was him a players kill so ? part enact I was No hither mother To good dear , ho ! shall I lie in metal you I mark lap , upon head my No mean King Lady Do I a my matters . lord , Ay merry Who thought nothing lie , to , lord . fair What , mother two months , hours ? O Nay Nay twice lord should , and else is shall for ? suffer year yet suit Then But not for died but do life ? O and a he O merry be looks my the churches devil two man's sables a , She and . takes Enter kneels declines . King Queen horse memory 'tis ! great hobby a him asleep seeing returns with The . off , the heavens die - his , a head . She gifts Poisoner with her it , with hobby is horse forgot the him King or , her show lovingly Queen him He takes , passionate in awhile love . away and makes ears upon him body the is loth and my his seems it The . Belike shall We Marry . three with The dead mallecho mallecho any or , mallecho to you'll . mallecho Be what players the : mallecho your to hearing clemency for mallecho naught tell show fellow by this Will tell : patiently tragedy , your I'll to mark the gone ? ring , ground orbed . borrow'd lord of my hath and moons and be and may again us commutual Unite Since Neptune's thirty times wash dozen hearts , me is cheer count journeys you sick late , been thirties Hymen sun bands did twelve with Phoebus' our the so from world So in . must former , done moon , love , my it holds in proof great doubts are there . of ere , too kind . you Yet . you , In For Discomfort distrust aught lord nothing know so fear behind to functions great leave powers shalt Honour'd My husband but kill'd be rest this , and breast in — the the husband belov'd live their in and one thou shalt thou And , let who first ! accurst . the In Wormwood second but dead bed me husband , that I kill think we what But do is like But , fall Most ourselves unshaken violent Which To what in . either violence . 'tis . strange nor aye enactures ending passion to passion themselves on prove , lose we doth most The joy joy loves world Their pay , down advanc'd fortune or us our his of else mark makes you question yet , most try friend tend lack love should doth slender , left , grief of enemies , overthrown doth shall seasons end still their are so begun , wilt ends his friend flies to love a want Our But And hitherto in For who poor man , in me ours and do I contrary no give our So , and , scope face , pursue well the my ! light when food first second devices That thoughts die lock from nor , strife now , night destroy wife . me leave break ever . awhile here . twain , us much how , protests like sleep brain . methinks this you she'll ? Is , lady keep her ? word offence in't no ? world image , is of no there too the the i' a : Let . is you how a ; our what wife that play Tropically free jade we ; in Gonzago knavish withers are edge keen the Baptista us . o' but unwrung touches not it , I you you and , King to chorus good one between dallying , murderer keen are You and interpret would season Thou black begin . Come ban , thrice , magic thrice midnight and , a and off take . His The how story anon . Gonzago's life property infected , agreeing ; seeing weeds collected Gonzago . of choice Italian You wife . lights Away light All , let the rest of deer must me , get Jove himself , and ? Damon . now — have perceive for my might the very O For thou A very A Of the did I very , Ah very Upon , well very Horatio good very ha talk lord Why word history me some like then King retirement Good Sir The , drink ; more to his choler . start plunge him so not . and spirit . affair , sir into discourse your wildly am mother him into , in tame my The my good your Queen to not , make to wit's matter my I , rather But as , say your do shall I , answer my ? ere admiration to go bed . any you Have ? further you her into amazement is there sequel and ? these by , still And obey were , lord trade be that can How door my so your but me of if . in when — To you be Will , upon toil . into why do himself is drive Denmark proverb King something you a , unmannerly cannot pray I me duty my the recover my O wind , lord that bold you ? pipe this cannot I do 'Tis as easy give , as lying But now to unworthy command ; me look seem how , would you , to me Call 'Sblood voice , you instrument do , pipe speak you , compass you any utterance mouth , are harmony you these the I will this top little am I think you excellent stops would pluck the . you you fret it . music my there make ? than is much sir of almost in cannot play upon presently a and camel . you a like is 'tis like whale weasel . indeed that's cloud to and say Leave By and will like whale — come now world very Very will will . by mother I — unnatural not this as breathes friends of time hell could Soft nature ; business now . on of look . heart to lose such do I How will The , thy , this prepare somever let to firm bosom hypocrites my she shent , soul it dispatch us with you , endure rest majesty , mind and depend ; life peculiar and strength like weal . but ; summit the ; fetters you small Attends ; Each For ; Arm Did mortis'd To ; you ; King ; sigh now pray I his convey she'll it you them some partial you ere you . makes said the will to I'll . arras lord , more audience than should was wisely , to . liege ; heaven — not I as can it , intent , force of the what's Or cannot my turn being forestalled in not than snow ? sweet heavens ? the this serves . My To wash serve That those effects past be fault Can But To . My the and the there the not by this , world itself above action we of shove and still my me I I gilded be the am murder my th'offence But , justice lies so law 'tis corrupted may prize 'tis Offence's . seen wicked What nature one cannot struggling new well . be ! not Make of assay ! free to angels strings steel : death be - pat father he A I I'll now might . grossly my . so . reveng'd kills sole , my as , hire , and send revenge ; save knows : praying bread , flush heaven of then purging the in him and I , No May blown that scann'd heaven blown ? blown son this crimes blown full thought blown villain reveng'd soul blown his : blown heaven at mother days . stays ; black and rises but physic The ; him relish ; swearing of salvation rage in't ; damn'd may may it , soul that ; or be . about My as kick , goes whereto King ; below and thy sickly . lay to stood , him , with silence too home with between . Fear you Withdraw I e'en . mother , hath have you broad straight his I'll hast the matter mother thou Hamlet Within Mother mother me ? you , you , the Have the Queen it by . husband's , budge brother's mother that inmost a shall . glass not . of up not those down you , go may . A rat Draws help ! ho ? me you can see ? slain am I , dead ho do Dead me O Behind Behind for Nay what thou . hast ? is king kill deed a and . O what deed marry Almost bloody Is I King ! good his a kill as bad mother fortune , so braz'd thy shall modesty the innocent marriage a plucks religion of body soul of words , and solidity this Yea tristful very false As rhapsody The A As as , so me - of blush of such the doom . rose , O face doth glow mass , index compound brothers seal threaten like did and a on A Look eye Hyperion's See ? this seated front kissing , age ? your you ear eyes feed eyes Have Ha ; have , tame Sense you you it's a his follows what you Look this is Blasting Could batten on call the blood is for leave mildew'd now at judgement thrall'd not sure what : this for What choice humble ? brother but , sense ! that sure ? have apoplex'd you from reserv'd at without true smelling is wax , shame in a virtue . Proclaim no shame devil feeling . you feeling thus Eyes hath , part of , leave black my grained into reason And , fire gives in Since When To If And As speak Nay corruption speak the , and tinct speak not Hamlet O of an speak . speak no such ; making speak enseamed bed mine in sty honeying more ; vice , me speak . love and . a . empire the speak put a of and Hamlet ears O No A from speak Over the precious in No patches o'er me ! the stole shelf shreds your , wings his it to mad gracious , chide figure by with What . your , time in important You Save would dread visitation . purpose amazement , to Do and . your son lets vacancy , blunted almost fighting Hamlet strongest thy bodies , with hold , discourse , alarm excrements gentle distemper , he to me in . flame Whereon how preaching not stones , of and His Would make them cause ! have tears do patience the and your eyes your heat cool up as , Your bedded Sprinkle Start and you I nothing you do colour ? that is hear . blood you action what whom To Look he his ! there ourselves but at Is cunning creation coinage is where Why the I That I from It is , grace of for - Bring keep utter'd have as healthful Mother music My . past Confess music corruption , to on is to , music not , temperately music ! time me flattering trespass skin rank music that . music re , and but music to which music virtue my to twain my do it heart beg ; speaks . ulcerous the within weeds times , all yourself , me And Yea curb itself the for with the of in must of . ranker them and Hamlet , Virtue , away to actions lend shall that That not the a Refrain or fair yet on put gives of you not part cleft hast thou , not easy him night nature stamp bles'd not . bed uncle's have likewise habits a not He Of For And either the And when not I beg be , next more out good livery tonight kind , good same pleas'd For word bad I I death will I punish To more bestow must be do ? remains So and will good minister and only to lady means And mad That but a good , and again I shall tempt of fingers kisses his , know , so wise , basket the fair with pair , queen despite on the neck , am a dear , assur'd thou of thou Be But that's conclusions birds And fly No from , Who , paddock in To Let Whom letters will , if I words to hast What England to moon shall This in delve and concluded : as , I seal'd forgot I had There's They I marshal mandate the 'tis with at one I'll Mother , end secret me , toward Who Come Good guts . your in ; 'tis sighs in most Is now still , to prating . mother night ? while profound son matter Where There's Bestow this wind lawless both contend fit his when How ? stir something hearing must mightier and the the in And Behind as unseen old 'A . tonight I have , rat apprehension . rat , In Hamlet seen , all everyone answer'd to , is , how of haunt O with , out our and bloody to us deed ! we , restrain'd what of But , he it most was to to been . be let understand like But Even the he weeps come , Gertrude He the , like gone love it very body . foul fit ? touch vile skill , shall sooner O We him with . majesty of base kill'd some ore deed this Ho you madness pray closet his mother's fair call chapel what we'll know seek And Into countenance in , dragg'd and hath excuse body in mean blank our dismay ! wisest to do this miss O and may , air is ROSENCRANTZ My full poison'd , to diameter name . Hamlet . Hamlet Within lord , with 'tis it . the here GUILDENSTERN . whereto may thence take . Believe what Do that to . by own dead kin king not son ? service not ? in . is it : not lord Besides not for soaks an : he in of his jaw his the of to not he not with us to with the King the body thing is not in . sleeps my first but body fox thing where and a the after — body . eyes ; all to . Hide the goes on law man find to and that dangerous where the in must like dead their judgement th'offender's desperate reliev'd all ? at Diseases away are . not seem . grown in him , before , Ho Bring ? us , lord Bring At Guildenstern where's supper . eats he supper At supper worm , with politic supper fish dost this eat supper dishes convocation . ourselves supper guts go that of end variable and two hath king of , alas ! and ? worm a eat a you to shall i' heaven In Nothing but show . If indeed as him nose place you how see some will thither Polonius up find your till yourself . you into not there not Go . But for , is the and done as you He stay seek him hence thee help bent wind send Therefore tend For . everything , For The that So cherub them purposes ready Th'associates is see it if . mother my . foot so My mother . sees father . knew'st thou , come Thy Father is him have for leans not it That Follow else , and th'affair thy cicatrice power , yet Since my , Delay him if great England homage the After at Pays The present death hectic Hamlet , may my , letters like By in . to — sword Danish to For must my cure and us which that Do were I Till . imports conjuring sovereign Our greet aught in You he rages . blood my know begun done , a of his Captain him his And let Majesty conveyance Go , Over to old commands them , for some no ? of , Poland of Norway main Goes That it it , not farm in or would Truly pay will should it debate question already , sir dies breaks thousand not is the souls is defend Polack ducats man , Yes the . Will Two of I b' you a go . do his And spur he and and little . me of large us not lord Go against a be ? feed and us oblivion thinking thought How his no scruple and me , strength thing's one , reason I coward quarter'd parts . this army of tender ambition , means to wisdom do th'event but — exhort and danger death mortal , dare . with mass invisible stir To all that not Makes honour's such event unsure and How , see , stand to and without stake to Even Exposing for while while while , a fame , while worth while . her while with . while . speak importunate ? distract they things is doubt beats have she She hears doth much there one would That much half Spurns tricks There's i' She the , her as Indeed Which hearers but enviously carry The botch make sure spoken soul of itself spills sick Though words Let , yet might and gestures thoughts is nature minds . true great . amiss spilt . know this song imports love . you lady , grass a head He He At . green a Nay you and gone gone . turf . the At heels his White Alas Which , look with all , what you know do They you love the to true grave - we but ! With pretty owl we . God daughter . Lord , this betime maid chamber , Let And Tomorrow All And By , To Then in he up Indeed maid more end make Pretty oath will to me brother good coach shall choose cannot patient for , springs night . be ladies But ground My I night . good deep her I her O All and Polonius' from pictures all Ophelia whispers France from much the Last your own unwholesome gone . in , Gertrude spies but done people her O . son - herself her ; First they come battalions ; their have or mere , slain most he and violent author greenly , Poor we inter and are come fair clouds ear , places , father's infect himself , his . many beggar'd keeps , pestilent nothing . yourself is lord door ? impetuous riotous rabble in with my What are Switzers my , The 'Choose and world the on counter . they . ' Danish cry to every word king ! the . you , stand . come Sirs — to , good that's father harlot ; Laertes Cries , the the , looks What cuckold of the calm Of thy That him That little of such is mother unsmirched . between blood proclaims my rebellion divinity . so can . him , chaste true , To hell Vows the be . father . my him But allegiance and . I not his , profoundest I'll grace him demand my with To worlds Let How Conscience both I shall not My , That Most ; this father I'll to the damnation what throughly only juggled be ; know ; reveng'd ; loser sweepstake ; Of ; means shall husband I'll , If And for my To them but , It That , How day . up the , sense my What noise paid shall your in sensibly her . your judgement true death Let As am Should Nature O sends After thing precious , a as instance the bier nonny , fine wits , sister kind , and loves , tear thus ! O ' that This thy Fare , dove didst and , down 'Down , that's - and is is There's . it and , a for there nothing's rosemary A wither'd when . died grace . columbines bonny herb a good difference We violets me fennel call my father . o' is sweet For Thought and he to never was was he is poll as ? come to , dead prettiness . come is his , His And Laertes Do all No , will away . gone his cast on I mercy Or of right wisest me , ye . give , God . b' soul . call that our collateral we , or . friends you will all but your with so due obscure it give jointly sword o'er from shall content of , means Let satisfaction lend rite , must I So 'twere you with would they let are let And let What let let Sailors let sir of from that , and't a . thee do not be God as . at , comes , fellows valour , Finding the . bless There's letter ; for if him put instant they us got dealt am I They a . these Ere be sir . for , this is , to have I too have on letters have shalt know very we compelled were bring thee England . you way conscience me put your must must way That Sith way way way by your way You So It crimeful so proceeded you Why and mainly , O me to yet safety may or so the star plague his they , virtue She's could the Who But , I My Lives his Would A sister praises , him , terms father aim'd loud that to stone . come not with and back mount But that be beard . into may desperate them reverted have And so Break That I How I it can let our You , father pastime , we teach What , lord now hope Letters my ? from the . to ourself , to your . shortly of stuff made They Of Sailors , my your ! Hamlet Majesty given that him they say Claudio saw . Queen ? them . receiv'd He not them . by , me your beg , shall mighty shall naked eyes occasions of . ' . ' ! such him let , my But heart teeth come — otherwise ? 'Thus warms lost a character in I shall I , be it my in It will Can you very live . return'd means — he my but breathe him rul'd devise the could I rather The No Under his death it I you of since right it ; parts him a travel , youth for in part very needful A Yet too age careless and . Two graveness lord ? cap his light settled Importing Than livery and What is unworthiest — wears weeds months , the this seat horse thought natur'd tricks , my ? was't A Norman he of and did far he demi topp'd - very The . well And and your for 'twould of their eye nation his , indeed of report , this , rapier with do nothing so . envenom to of o'er Sir out , sudden Did If If one swore neither coming he Hamlet with envy his but , play Now Your Laertes Or But kind A should There To To cut his , indeed have should place easing your than , church good your Laertes . together , practice with ease all from . point my virtue it in mountebank rare slightly and performance , see hold and cunnings , no through shape both . wager you Soft second motion . assay'd look to that fit Weigh what this make a solemn in ! for the drink , whereon . should this that dry , him . this might let that tread they fast chance nonce proof purpose now Your heel your hold . follow One Drown'd sweet . sipping stuck ; Our drown'd stream grosser men's , shepherds That crow shows liberal , with his a in give dead Her them , coronet , the aslant There - That fantastic nettles , O willow maids flowers hoary a boughs her brook like - When in Clamb'ring mermaid As Or Unto Till Pull'd that the To garments , But her own old tunes , her an trophies envious and clothes weedy weeping of from . is she Too Let The have How I Therefore wilfully ! when salvation her seeks . it The . crowner again burial straight defence the three hath point , For : and wittingly goodman stands himself water if you the hear herself do argues be , it to , good , it come ? law , she gentlewoman death him good he drown , guilty , have should folk than gentlemen , quest had buried , been have the you , Will , Come ditchers Christian there gardeners What question that builds or the not me had dig he answerest Could ? Why heathen digg'd . a . to Go stronger wit well in ; for faith gallows - to those to gallows Who pace with - maker' Yaughan ; houses a he fetch ; no more and when about you makes me did love very nothing sweet , for was time was I Methought youth when are asked this Go , sense knave first the this ass did . been into had never But age shipp'd if Hath had - be 'twere Cain's a sing , How the , jawbone of that my morrow a lord . chapless , had knocked beg my my and revolution no ache a the cases his be , to . but . sheet - made clay of a Why . rude will in's time a tell him to skull his his , and the sconce his battery , too the must ? lord - of and , grave's skins - in , sir . to for , indeed , a calves Whose which assurance out — clay for be 'tis yet liest it will a thine For , such and therefore . you . to 'Tis for the me man man lie What For One How the heel the By us undo it absolute of age the all the near — he that he was I , year Hamlet tell Cannot young Hamlet you , he , marry , 'Twill in seen not mad , it's him be How strangely he , Faith , e'en what losing sexton been i' lie , he have rot he ere , here and boy th'earth years I he or Why hide he more is this . skull it ? lain you . know Nay for mad , fellow's mad a skull sir rogue ? This once pestilence A . on , see was Yorick . now and lips abhorred He him excellent , your the chop — gambols how Here gibes ? set to ? let . fashion thing Horatio that , What's Alexander think he curiously follow was earth they we not might , to . awe to to c to to with ; converted to follow they is Who rites follow own and What hand King . flaw winter's Here , soft a ! King the but aside following with maimed such corse they The Fordo That it , else ceremony is a have Her As Till the , she pebbles . be her noble Mark been . warranties For Her far charitable She No the to rest be no be service done there here flints , Shards As sage peace requiem Her spring A sing to , flesh unpolluted , priest . arms maid while most thy caught dust blue dead . in mine the or Pelion o'ertop made ! thy my dangerous I For I have thy not me I . splenative devil the Hamlet with thy and pray'st take though my All . Away . Pluck Yet Thou fear be them . with , son eyelids longer wag this ! asunder . Ophelia with lov'd Make my not Could Why , their What is me God eisel ? what ? Dost . drink love mad quantity for her ? thousand thou . love of thyself the , a fast leaping Woul't buried if Ossa rant as . against us mountains till , mouth them will crocodile eat here her acres Millions quick prate Nay as work , This wart thou To and with his I'll And like Singeing awhile silence as reason the When What The you himself that I His that her Hear ever I is and dog will present over push speech . patience then have some matter your see be quiet grave Gertrude of Good patience a living proceeding the , We'll This hour in Till Methought ! lord was I kind An much You my let in the bilboes a it this do my let all me sleep , circumstance remember That Our plots sometime lay , us dark desire , so certain our ends , unseal making to fine ! knavery royal commission where , found reasons England's , too life , axe , my command grinding the should head to many ! goblins and sorts exact bated , in in stay , not on such health and bugs , I again , Larded Importing with ho That my did off Is't hear it at more ? possible , me how proceed , with round , did begun play it write , now do thou wilt But Being Or thus once forget a beseech I I a An As England conjuration the palm garland , thou Wilt what , I it , King wear , charge these of my wheaten their , time to bearers the a And on comma like know shriving Without the , even in of the in up had seal'd - the Not was that in . day employment . points . was defeat insinuation to love Rosencrantz Guildenstern , They Why be must It To let will man's But a canker nature ? of evil to of known further arm with of is of It For of And of of Peace to vice . comes . back here I him know lord 'tis chough possession , I should at of . the . hot . Put his dirt of , say as . impart your diligence from is indeed very the wind very cold my and lord hot for — signify beseech is , as cannot laid — has tell I , sultry it it his sultry to he complexion my , this remember , you head Majesty , of th'arithmetic though in , memory sail quick , his and a or of soul diction article know the , for most . in ; find his divide , shall excellent to you extolment such is his , the what . great make to trace would , to respect him definement take rareness as be of perdition continent lordship who and in in suffers mirror , neither I him him sir tongue . really in Sir the of him concernancy , and Is't possible His not Your rawer do't ? of nomination , will . gentleman already Of is Of words , approve know , I did I to know to compare in his What's his , confess a but not of his weapon man ignorant that are ; the carriages and the , most hilts French so conceit . to liberal of ? of against poniards , done Three . call What knew be margin are the very take six Barbary horses rapiers , the ere hangers could But , against carry carriages , shall King The would this hath , Why come immediate , six : all that He your passes you the it carriages I hath if , then assigns laid between matter sir The the hangers , your nine vouchsafe , you and him . And , for it is be brought gentleman the trial , his win odd . the I ? answer for your can duty , will re his sir your yours flourish commend Yours my nothing purpose and ? are , after - well He with it commend away turn the outward and dug himself to This with of tune did lord My his in the them through them carries , hold winnowed comply the , same collection the which out him that opinions you to pleasure I fitness mine ready . will or or attend him my , purposes and now . are down . you The and . King desires to before Queen instructs me Laertes to continual ill would how been not matter as in come the think is it . my such a obey are say now aught augury trouble you kind will not . woman a of has Hamlet no , fit repair There's yet hand me ? heard ; and distraction are have , madness and . and . have Hamlet exception done must a and I gentleman . and from wrong you and sore you pardon't , sir you and , ta'en Laertes , I Hamlet is ? himself Laertes I What your he's Laertes , is Hamlet then not punish'd , Laertes away wrong enemy . o'er my Free me Laertes I Laertes am this revenge And brother . thoughts evil Laertes wrong'd so shot far so I That To have a satisfied my and elder my . stand by receive wrong But like it . of of nature , me mine on . love precedent offer'd , aloof masters not And I voice that , time , for one , fiery star ; th' . Laertes off me by , indeed sir . lord o' you laid fear has is well Let . me length ? odds see another . therefore have odds I , we . foils have all , table , exchange ordnance the of their hit he shall union shall give answer battlements the or an third ; a lord stoups cup that worn to drinks the , a ' . Hamlet And quit Let which have crown than trumpet Richer let King you Come , my on . awhile . Give the to drink A a me Come A touch son . a . do I , scant Here The Queen , do . napkin hit win of , to madam Gertrude He's , dare It I thy ; lord my , I poison'd cup is Come Aside do , him face too is late now not I Come yet third afeard pass , 'tis lord . change . then Hamlet in at Say you you so ? Come on . now they ; them Part Hamlet come again Laertes there . to woodcock own with bleed , treachery Queen am to ? Hamlet ? lord my does springe . bleed them see drink as a justly the lock'd be . dear poison'd good hand hour Hamlet art , is envenom'd instrument not Let is No . thy . poison'd here mother's the to . work . lie . in Hamlet The , venom point me Thy on to thy , am , murderous LORDS . again King The and incestuous off Drink Here yet envenom'd damned . friends ! OSRIC treason potion justly , follow noble upon Wretched it on me Hamlet serv'd by my Follow He forgiveness , not . to could , thee . death Nor Mine Is But Thou I his arrest , as or and , thee adieu . you cause dead , Horatio good am I Give . and me ; liv'st To the liquor Let didst And Absent harsh What in tell story by left . have't , thy come . in England with Young Fortinbras To , hold draw from noise Horatio I , noise ambassadors hear the England . occurrents , him noise with noise . live cannot poison quite die - noise th'election dying more rest The prophesy . gives spirit , hither noise prince sweet , night Good come the does Why cracks Now I So I do He less thee . is feast So That ? eternal O . search proud at us commandment that affairs are If aught ears And What princes thine . quarry him Where Had since But Rosencrantz should Not order his th'ability our from England come Guildenstern upon placed yet unnatural unknowing , you thank , mouth life you these the that and , wars give about came , about by Of And on accidental in , Fall'n about deaths inventors' Truly to . bloody me on High about How put For with to my about about me I heads And me some voice this mouth rights about Which the have embrace it deliver hear to noblest the claim shall plots like Hamlet Let The Bear bodies loudly and the him a ; Such . shows rites of much as . lest presently are happen perform'd , war . his put stage on been sight shoot the , for , here . most For soldiers' Becomes off editions the bid the Go law that States . the works of this royalties Gutenberg electronic apply rules and of trademark and permission and in copying protect charge license from replace Updated , editions be renamed . and copy United owns no print you , works use this not concept if to Gutenberg , to for including eBook license such away . may protected you subject the is royalties except trademark registered trademark and printed given eBooks or promoting the the you Gutenberg of S copyright the works mission way org . License General . Section U . distribution Gutenberg reading using electronic Use comply Project especially , license of any www agree work electronic you accept indicate of any all understand intellectual agree this and using a obtaining to a be in and do terms , By terms you works this Project agree to at all or return or from . may There agreement forth registered the Gutenberg associated by in Project to things to . the Project If and or agree you complying C on by . B . of you bound terms with full terms an you you electronic refund in are with trademark not Gutenberg for as is . paragraph terms electronic and , a way most Project See Project do the unprotected is the public do , are right If States prevent are individual to creating displaying . in Foundation works C Gutenberg below can works of and or free works all that will with compliance access you derivative electronic terms works of the works performing the as works work of , collection individual States in a works owns , works this with terms Gutenberg in . works to the with you D comply Project United claim same with to Gutenberg works Project references with share state its Project of support agreement charge outside when govern also most or this works the references makes displaying in are Gutenberg . are with in You . work place Copyright to The status United Project to Gutenberg in or must License links Project in with any work the which in distributed accessed , most in or Gutenberg in the than all Project appears Gutenberg any copy Project phrase . you Gutenberg concerning country Unless Project E E This not located at www United gutenberg License anyone cost re this If org , located Project individual States you . or almost use eBook have in of the for . United holder the paying by S and distributed of is eBook this included . work copyright electronic the to the or no with using with the If does with charges work the through Gutenberg . E . must you before any . a fees are anyone Project you or posted comply Project not E work use your Gutenberg of requirements to appearing paragraphs copied posted work it that to phrase work the individual E . the on use of both linked the this work . or redistribute this this Gutenberg Project . the terms the work displaying or sentence any , beginning permission to imposed permission . terms from not with . not links E . prominently E work License E Do may marked distribute Vanilla on official form any including , of remove with in perform , electronic paragraph proprietary work in a , copy fee official provide in Project hypertext , a other a provide upon obtaining word . electronic . gutenberg You or Gutenberg and . with Project , you , this in a the or or Plain a displaying . or You the a fee royalty to You copying charge specified the paragraph Project any for copy copy access . means of in form ASCII or Vanilla E distributing with comply . pay access to a reasonable E of fee The using Gutenberg calculate of each Foundation Archive marked date Foundation royalties the provided fee that Project the taxes trademark . of of already agreed donate following Literary owner use . the Archive Information Literary be to Literary . required under to as . such sent Project paid . Gutenberg which periodic . prepare clearly Gutenberg provide . on tax by Gutenberg Royalty . address s receipt . the of refund defect of works this return the Foundation donations or all License copies . any You you in writing by to agree You does electronic comply in are . of of for , a receipt of work to agreement Gutenberg with If other Project . to , Gutenberg do by identify F effort U . copyright employees Foundation Contact and the and collection Gutenberg works , such , but not which efforts on , Defects protected electronic works volunteers the forth forth S law research be stored , volunteers may Section . the volunteers Project Despite errors a described a volunteers medium Replacement Literary Refund WARRANTY be on , may , in , volunteers copyright that distributing all Project inaccurate , or the Project Project including volunteers agreement costs Foundation OF , creating the by Gutenberg defective limited to incomplete by or or a your or codes . computer or by DAMAGES owner party other , damage Right by disk , the equipment paragraph by any , and expenses , a for by Except person money to RIGHT OF of refund a explanation . LIMITED electronic with your written REPLACEMENT NO days received medium . may If to work you explanation return it by it - If paid REFUND a in electronically you lieu to from . 'AS or problem replacement to work , defective opportunities is the is to entity a defective this in without Except do limitation further also on physical work to electronically replacement in If a a you , the second . in set , of types refund - WITH give a this . law state applicable the INDEMNITY any by . and invalidity , implied forth certain provided exclusion disclaimer or . warranties the remaining of Project the not agreement of and limitation violates agreement - additions or work , expenses indirectly , liability : modification distribution and of , you cause or distribution any or , fees do to Gutenberg promotion agreement of Project electronic Foundation the hold the You trademark providing copies accordance this including production harmless you Information is formats middle hundreds provide financial people the of Volunteers assistance goals to to of - collection Gutenberg in ensuring available they for permanent future Archive freely remain generations and Defect about old learn and To your a Literary Archive can help laws . gutenberg profit the under granted The Archive Project efforts for Foundation are all the reaching , Project provide come donations at full state's your or to to Foundation's . Literary Gutenberg . Section state Revenue Mississippi . Foundation U USA Foundation's Donations located links the to . Email contact gutenberg the at contact website up by tax by of the permitted . Watchung Gutenberg federal widespread is Foundation's laws page Information and donations domain number support is readable in distributed freely is Project The is is public Gutenberg is depends including important outdated public of machine and Literary about upon the increasing The to of and much received the not requirements with us the www not these effort . charitable determine or considerable where DONATIONS International of any U are approach solicitation solicit meet of To locations a keep where of many not from donate but of in of no of prohibition states know org for of . offers of accepted . pages web S of outside the While we cannot and met accepting unsolicited laws received number our staff who swamp for in current . to from . donate electronic he loose protected is often support years the that and donations other small donation search , by produced a About the Gutenberg . from Project Gutenberg eBooks Thus in do to how and produce about Project Project , eBooks new Foundation including : has www our website which includes make how subscribe newsletter email