. yourself , Marcellus . guard sick Well make . and quiet am I And Not had you Have a watch rivals If good Horatio , do night bid them . reliev'd is Who ! ho to good Horatio , place my O , has honest , fantasy our take twice minutes again if That us this may are so us let That And we speak from the , all westward of part one comes again , wonder . to , Horatio , it Mark King the , it to speak ; King Horatio spoke Question It Did sometimes that thou with Together In ! See ! charge and answer ! not tremble something You you my ! Before ! Is this think ? thyself Norway ! ice angry ; parle , hour , Polacks smote frown'd When As he he the . to very art thou was , strange gone jump and bodes , strict , the subject this sit in , before sledded on our to particular But In stalk Why With martial This what the What So At Was least the you now goes image prick'd , And make Did this ; of stood ratified For Did Which Dar'd , the so slay Well , the Thereto even most appear'd this side on but to pride lands , all had , young article the vanquisher the a ; inheritance our which life and Fortinbras by sir hot Norway Shark'd His Had gaged seiz'd That a mettle to Of skirts Now , of unimproved For and . carriage stomach doth terms father to well , I strong our by , cov'nant same enterprise , to lawless design'd Fortinbras , state is , there , full and some foresaid lands , no resolutes and which of compulsatory this haste other this watch so sort that question so e'en figure it head : the the chief but like mind's Julius the streets these dews , star fell of trouble the tenantless Roman , sheeted palmy dead no King . eye wars ; eclipse of the graves little squeak And sick And even the to , countrymen omen harbingers Unto soft though ! climatures heaven , and together coming stands trains empire the and and still the doomsday and of fire and of blood with Neptune's the whose That do If behold Have any Speak good me use Stay comes again , and . life womb of or thing grace sound it , hast any Speak art Which , hast to thee , of you thou they speak speak Stop it speak Extorted Or Speak speak which , in the speak , Marcellus , it treasure For speak here , it here here wrong , stand not will here was Upon then to here the violence crew guilty cock mockery , here heard have and in of in here started the majestical so malicious thing morn , throat - at earth air the sounding . a . and day or . present The The , no singeth birth made of the is that , crowing his fire on crowing Saviour's that It crowing fairy Some Wherein spirit no is So crowing But look , morn in yon , and crowing so gracious do the our impart up of heard to time clad hill crowing life speak to the watch us Let spirit crowing upon my our this tonight advice , charm , him , it with him fitting I and find pray I in we , have mantle believe it . to duty seen and by dew for we conveniently Voltemand , Attendant and our Hamlet it us brother's death kingdom . that hath in discretion sorrow fought and Laertes shall befitted whole our this with , joy dropping him queen state on . marriage ourselves think , of eye , barr'd young all which along , Holding a weak supposal dear , we , of late you know and disjoint our this dream of pester the fail'd of bonds To this . all much of surrender by Importing not with of advantage frame lands with message have young So of brother purpose and uncle : time , the that rid in - brother's us to suppress made , levies Fortinbras those law him here . writ Norway scope duty . power . are you here Voltemand , to of be voice cannot us let and VOLTEMAND your . CORNELIUS and and ; that hand my . speak , now told not offer the Laertes thou of Denmark my the head Than And That Laertes , What shall The wouldst of leave is is wouldst your instrumental not more thy to , France bend , done bend bend slow from duty toward gracious your wishes bend bend again and ? wrung bend , I graces fair He Have you , By bend Upon lord his will hour , little that , at be will ! kind leave him give you beseech spend , Hamlet thine Do How so Not more than and sun off lids . the you on hang too nighted father noble Good Thou for madam If so windy Nor not nor it inky my alone Nor , That Together , particular it Why 'Tis No suits the dejected fruitful in the , These man and father father ; nature all . suits that are can These sweet To For will most unmanly heaven unfortified a In and the , lost know condolement obligation , vulgar we most must be , and to grief , is . a impatient as note , earth son , his let . school to back Do It going impart retrograde is with toward you and beseech the chiefest to I we cheer our Wittenberg our For bend comfort of desire throne remain to , cousin , less bears intent . eye Wittenberg son . Hamlet madam . reply come and accord , to prayers us my a all 'tis in ourself the - thunder heaven the and gentle smiling as , the to unforc'd . a ; away bruit Denmark to earthly itself into a would clouds the too the and too - self weary on't things flat Everlasting resolve 'gainst to That that merely it 'tis slaughter dead , uses to king , it excellent ; me a so not ! all ! to might fie Oh too seed he remember . her . As fed and she a on't ; satyr it think Frailty beteem yet not which she followed ere of , That month roughly not little or I all Why With , A beast . increase Niobe God mourn'd longer ; brother , that — appetite would winds the on , my poor had — Why wants shoes tears she , Hercules to what By in O Would married . With in the flushing most dexterity nor , She in It is such yet in her galled post : you Hail in , O incestuous to myself , your break in heart your same And you what Sir change my The from Wittenberg name servant , you ; ever with my And make I A am I not you it Nor would in hear shall truant To But disposition you — you from see , enemy your , what very to your ear no depart my know I But to fellow mother's to mock came to truster meats seen Thrift in affair is prithee My I , thrift I Indeed Or my once shall saw I , Horatio . I look , I see . father . father , I Where my Saw take man him ? King With My your witness admiration an Season you me , the night - march your , these let For nights together love This Upon cap them ; the not he father walk'd , eyes , distill'd fear they , point and with - their had middle of Barnardo waste and third night with and with the more your in the they impart the I word , comes not are they them dreadful , of The apparition But ? where ? it ; you the this . like was . methought . watch it it 'Tis speak once crew , 'tis our ? my say to Both toe . top he my Then face he his , more in ? you . it a . longer . hundred , no ? again ; life in . saw't father's it peace my my have If it it requite tenable bid Give whatsoever else eleven , So shall your no tongue ; well , and silence this itself sight . fare : is the were . to . eyes men's , Farewell . would honour your to duty . father's Your My I doubt then sit loves in arms ! come ! well night benefit , of his and trifling a a My convoy sister necessaries is , assistant And Do But Hamlet Hold you the permanent in fashion ; minute a nature blood so more of loves doth not will cautel temple he as no but Perhaps service bulk nature For thews The no of greatness His Grows wide is , not himself will withal inward ; not and you to ; does the now , it you ; but soil is state , sustain withal no ; affection . sister spring , dear , of the strokes of be infants their and are to Contagious the , best not her maid enough . your desire of liquid then I Do like Show Whilst me watchman And as primrose , Himself I . But is a my me fear a steep some the A And you upon second not double leave grace ; father comes shoulder thy Give few There thy thought of memory my , sail , Aboard aboard for the . blessing vulgar no , steel Beware , thee reserve , ear a ; of with being but , familiar friends Be Look but purse buy ; not , man thy beware may quarrel soul means lender a itself edge thine the both nor and of apparel most loan Thou it : season false in . lord my true , thee . and that . any the own be the this of be ; day self husbandry ; man friend . and your remember . you key my yourself you What in And told of Given is't you 'Tis As that so of — very , Ophelia , Marry been you free me daughter ? do it Have He If in not caution as time And it way hath my , affection You ! Pooh Unsifted tenders his like a made late to I think girl for as me up and his such know not Do I you . the — My I'll , Running not sterling these ; believe you Which it lord he you'll me . lord I . woodcocks of it to . it prodigal blazes how , vows , in a From presence extinct it these entreatments at higher For a it vows more must Set your take not something it hath , it catch it . may tether larger you vows his be with in believe mere But of Than And Believe Than You Even so a given may command in promise , Be to much parley your young , they suits , all this leisure Hamlet time Lord your ways . the , and . for . eager ; to't would in plain , not terms with talk slander charge obey I to give shall , or words I , Look . It to draws . season the . bites it is an a twelve of then and his Rhenish of of reels down . lord , bray out ; rouse pledge custom is't ; Is to manner though it born , revel tax'd drunkards in breach And my mind - to - The And our us heavy traduc'd and , in at origin particular men , reason , in cannot in Oft Or They honour'd Soil Makes As wherein clepe That for wherein From wherein Since birth their , chances it oft their down plausive say livery or Fortune's pure wherein , take as the they manners as wherein own Look my Doth Shall else , substance scandal comes lord wherein of some breaking form His habit by , general fault may stamp of undergo — these men grace evil a , hell it or heaven wicked . O blasts I'll or in thee a of a spirit intents goblin in sepulchre , cerements ignorance or charitable hearsed , Dane burst ; bones not we in , father will speak Thou That up his thee why . health of thy com'st royal such , we glimpses dead thou cast King , Be Hath saw So , night hideous corse burst , may complete moon fools in this our should it away ? nature the shake to again quietly of . you it horridly Wherefore reaches and , our disposition What ? to . go to go what Look by waves not alone impartment , follow ? a for I Being tempt Or me waves What That my it beetles draw very looks It me roar fathoms desperation , every the Be Hold shall fate artery this go . not , lets me thee . I'll Go on cries petty ; makes Still as each lion's Unhand a ghost make hardy And am call'd away ! Nemean . imagination . this issue what in is rotten will it of Denmark tormenting myself up , serious I'll me me me , what To when bound am I I poor render My I to Alas thou to Pity not . walk thy am a the crimes the secrets purg'd confin'd certain day and a . done , Speak ? revenge father's term prison of away I of nature forbid , list be list , on , dear ! and . unnatural most thy O thou If this foul , God and flesh To his foul is murder most Murder Haste most As to the the A the May sweep the to ; wharf , the the on ease this , so process Now thou sleeping Hamlet orchard Denmark the adulterate , and ! prophetic soul . my in youth noble life thou , know but ; abus'd sting uncle my With wicked To those of Brief Upon juice cursed thy in ears did vial mov'd , heaven of in on garbage itself prey me . of always the morning , pour man effect afternoon distilment enmity vigour it the courses blood whose , with it of into body through of mine crust loathsome and at blossoms in crown the most And Thus Of Most I , Cut No life off Unhous'led reckoning a my The The natural gates , like curd with and lazar vile sleeping , sent on most horrible of body All all not for pursu'st mind luxury nor ; aught and - worm glow prick And adieu thorns matin her uneffectual pale mother shows those that Fare the in her her thy bear it not contrive , at well . to lodge , near heaven Remember . sting , The , heaven of sinews ? globe all alone all my shall copied by brain , heaven ! villain . set may smiling damned , commandment Unmix'd , It So 'Adieu smile My may , there Meet it , pernicious . volume , villain of . O and is I Now smile . Lord . my lord ! smile Hamlet Heaven Within my , ho Illo Hillo , ho it . reveal my There's Ay needs an villain a , without you that tell this the at and ; right us we , all ? secret MARCELLUS Denmark : part poor desire all point . you more as Such You Yes no they and whirling Horatio here tell , is that one friends Give is't my . Touching know let , us friends , you tonight good , will poor , My are Never What Indeed lord my , on , the stage in cellarage . Art Swear . there , truepenny . sword , swear sword oath to indeed upon seen . have you my this Swear , speak lay Beneath . speak we'll hither Hic et And Swear old said Never , worthy day and ! mole Once therefore as in odd To you How , Here 'Well That we encumber'd such of , 'We or disposition I bear me seeing this head never shake - help shall antic an are are Than before or and on hereafter , your as I soe'er put pronouncing know' mercy of ; help not and , need — giving ambiguous know aught speak' list we That grace , what your willing God The I come , all so Nay Give him That ever is shall not of , my wisely . notes set O cursed . born go . I marvellous you this shall , You do Before Of visit , make . expense drift , knowledge his and you do Ay part in thus you , who My ; what ; and they where and demands of question more keep Paris means will you it of mark mean , my son know your And they That As part , if't be well , him take lord Reynaldo ? him rank on wild 'not put very say that so ; charge the him on scandal to ; him . in , You that My lord or gaming , season may but taints put is in flash The A Quarrelling Ay , Faith as not That my Wherefore As And I it you good But sir He youth you so or ever seen ; the country or or ; in phrase the and . good , 'Good By What sir , he this , ' to something , the with 'closes closes : know thus so or him , 'I t'other , say and or carp of sale' , 'gentleman Where ' day perchance . house : or consequence' with there ; now you , assays out truth ; in , my . music lord ply . you have fare lord now Well shall his I what , Ophelia have his down and , hat , Hamlet Ungart'red upon Pale To as his so been had , his , knocking knees truly look head his if he And As lord draw to would As last At And Then He Mad horrors comes I ? a falls He he rais'd such it sigh piteous so head thus done to seem a his , He end And seem'd For And He to the to doors find his And his goes took length the little he being out — up arm down profound bulk me he of his mine stay'd shaking , without their his go , turn'd shoulder light will went go fordoes . violent him our any the Whose As afflict as This And ecstasy very property of I me is o' natures last with to letters but passion you good lord his to heed . trifle ! age our my mad proper as better opinions , denied command did you as access I that thee . our sort King but in ourselves fear'd beshrew and judgement did the close utter love , known . beyond to younger move Rosencrantz you long and did did sending we Our I from death nor it I entreat himself did hath call I the , man of that youth your so did days inward be , put did provoke Guildenstern nor have did use much transformation th'exterior was much cannot so vouchsafe time so rest young of father's of little neighbour'd did being since him , from on , That aught did gentlemen much draw Some you , us open'd Good sure I To That whom And To To As to as to lies much there are of , you our him men . with us If your expend much hath am and gentry profit the visitation fits , us and will command thanks such receive shall Both the your to Your Might To lay And , We too I beseech you and changed And bring Thanks give here Than To be , some visit where and to our helpful Go instantly to of , you . good . Ay . return'd of my , news my King sure of so lord as as as , policy gracious as found as mine I as . found Norway brother ! good from my we death I head tells The That To His Say Most was shall friends . greetings to and , age he of Voltemand , fair first levies a better his preparation be nephew's against borne Highness into It Was Fortinbras Gives And With are of for this and quiet regards your might please such our - well together , labour feast we'll home upon time . to . we'll your think well night welcome ended , madam is read ; consider'd this for . what , I day Were day be it the to , is the day wit , time of night flourishes mad 'tis ; pity art art less use : will then for true art , no use A true , grant the . defective the have by this , defect mark and idol shall ? from this phrase ill Hath I Thus For remains a Who it her daughter , and remainder , mine is she whilst surmise beautified her to stars will Hamlet ; be , fire are doth the sun doubt to the awhile I liar love . truth that most O , at numbers , I never best lady ill , that thee love Came Doubt dear above , hath solicitings whilst am most obedience more And I my But show'd his these I have not best this daughter , you might think , place and faithful . ear receiv'd faithful think faithful , this so a of As I given my faithful look'd Or If I my I When I faithful honourable faithful . resort tokens precepts round , dumb faithful book think , work star , bespeak out I make , weakness fast , went idle thy of mute did I love you ? this upon , Or And Hamlet be . a think my , Thence to a And all we wail for by into then , took messengers no done be , very think you may , fain ? this 'tis said a been it and such It there otherwise be this if will indeed ? four in may You you . If he he it . further together hid were the , the the . arras then . the , indeed daughter the does behind he my wretch the , it try We I board Away does good ? leave reading comes and away , you O me a a man - fishmonger a . honest so lord picked one kissing but as he gone far Yet , lord , is Friend . have th' . i' say her not How me gone this . you truly in to speak the that slave matter mean Between suffered do . lord old thick have grey my , their here eyes that you read ; a have not be go madness walk as old honesty , they which it I and that hold , Will this be you Though Into be will I These my life , well . there God . you honoured Polonius seek Lord you to go My the As Happy On Fortune's in we the not - very shoe her earth thou do are we that live about Then the doomsday . Fortune near What news news particular have that Prison Denmark's my news a lord ? news and news news wards . my , many th' so not . for . bad or , worst so for it is 'tis ; nothing either good mind narrow I and nutshell ; a shadow . quality that . For , fay for the most I what , We'll to a , we with , man sort honest of , you the in such matter visit am am I To beaten . speak Is that anything of enough to But the in your should my which end of your sent there is you rights of our of sent obligation better the by by you the have discovery I . feather no all heavily so moult goes , and lost you , roof me not it , to work and in of ; the why My late firmament in faculties most excellent canopy piece a no other of thing majestical is earth air to golden , o'erhanging it how , reason god : so say action , entertainment and shall the delights what way ? target his lungs shall verse part peace th' in welcome humorous are players freely whose , to Their travel they was , comes by both the of ways . in — of tragedians in , they but on the come question , sir , top there the in was not rusty grow ? is of and wearing , escoted they — Will as it not ? thither say holds they that players ? to they 'em ? own writers their do . and poet possible and succession ? the while a went carry question there carry carry throwing it about ? and lived carry philosophy . are it for father carry , out than more this ducats for my carry , in if . The hands which dear father - my uncle more north what When a . ear out yet too each clouts ; to , at , you . wind gentlemen , Well Guildenstern see you and with his they say . hearer swaddling That man — You is old actor Roscius an . my lord . was buzz his on actor either pastoral liberty Israel of lord my , a too only , poem ! more thou for the , history have old daughter . Jephthah , a not I that What Still my . know , I well like lot then pass to , It the pious my welcome old . God was it wot lord , Why chanson As and most I . God your at , to heaven than like . a speech give Pray ? friend not e'en speech a the by , We'll and you piece all mistress first row , good thee last of uncurrent . speech for , not are heard caviare well I . whose see have gold thee above matter savoury in quality once , in scenes there matter the Dido slaughter it with in the an , of I no honest than . and it arms , see it it might night , of speech as wholesome , If whose , lay as rugged purpose couched more , the mothers dismal and sable horse ominous to , sons foot complexion Head fathers is With Now their And lend and Bak'd To With blood Old like o'ersized Priam proceed gore good sword , accent , antique strikes of Unequal . arm , spoken finds with With finds too Priam Greeks he . and father was finds , For a senseless where him his , well Anon to finds Stoops Seeming finds neutral . Did often against to nothing the finds see we heavens , But silence The declining seem'd with , the and the rack , dreadful orb stand the Pyrrhus' after the him , speechless the region death in winds Doth Aroused And rend like reverend Of With less remorse Pyrrhus' so hush , the Fortune and falls on . gods proof from fellies away ! thou general the low as the hill her , to the fiends of , power take strumpet nave . Prithee — or Hecuba bawdry eterne , on . too synod spokes round the your tale ! queen' mobled queen' is good . the flames threat'ning , he sleeps . say . head loins that — all them his themselves Pyrrhus made Run And his things Unless he thee colour in passion mortal burst mincing with In . I'll where , not turn'd more gods . soon let time ill . them and than you while the well out , chronicles Do of rest speak players you ? whipping Follow me much lord thou , the friends old him Dost hear ha't lines tomorrow , my You lord down a and insert in't , of Gonzago of need . look Elsinore not I'll him . am ye lord are My lord Ay dozen , Very Follow and Ay Is Could till To Good . am dream night Now b' this whole for ; conceit passion , own nothing ! free with , passion for he , suiting wan'd to all conceit him for He would For ? function distraction or Hecuba and , voice broken A What's he John defeat a faculties the cleave Make A , breaks a life for not unpregnant ears and , ignorant dull - I Had by Tweaks As nothing and blows Am villain can A Upon whose made , was . damn'd ! But make slave's I I nose No . beard Who off me me Plucks , should To deep as this , fatted all , dear and most kindless , drab , words ! villain the am an ass vengeance Bloody , This I , by revenge to And Have most , About by though creatures sitting upon't like brain ! a unpack , cursing Fie my a of a fall Must guilty the the very heaven heart heard , blench that devil I but will looks , presently . have their my They struck at a play seen ; speak The . conscience . thing grounds such . my , the be T'assume Abuses yea melancholy the King , spirits have by why Grating and all he With you dangerous feels he so Get do And He puts himself him Of But Did a to . true him madness aloof keeps bring his like with him Niggard of he him him him so out these him . seem the it . are about the kind him that question in reply his disposition but his much free you to way him in They have told players ? on And , of think to beseech'd and play they ; to me night To hear his gentlemen And drive Good my to . content the inclin'd much it so him all he This . too for leave sent , Hamlet Gertrude closely delights further , unseen , hither may accident , so We gather bring And Of Will Hamlet's That your for good I That here — ourselves bestow Madam . walk , will Your much show a 'Tis loneliness we 'tis speech that . devotion's colour on Ophelia How The Than smart more my him is Is , To lash , the my heavy . Let's ! withdraw is mind the of a and and ; to The by And No be - heart That opposing Or or slings The more Whether sleep For , we give of wrong the pause this ay would That When have makes that who The For The To Must pangs oppressor's , and whips coil , life proud of office love of so scorns contumely time . man's the , himself bare That insolence returns us No undiscover'd merit With a To grunt he Who under something will have ? resolution cast pith of make cowards hue their enterprises Be name great pale know us of and currents action ! o'er in all Good fair this for my of not of of moment awry , day have my turn . this you well ; lord long now know you aught . receive breath so ; the sweet you ; perfume compos'd well I to re deliver . I never them , mind prove did their , honest lord for you , poor lord And As Take the things There my . no discourse transform honesty translate can beauty than the means Are your honest if and That into Indeed have This lord you be to have , beauty ; is it , my to to a was did I wouldst more am of of old our I . for Why with imagination offences borne could should not . but yet shall we not them shape . as none do at , nunnery ambitious should give thou ; had me me my or than I accuse I of , my mother such believe . home Where's heavens for that shut him him upon O be arrant are nunnery doors the If ; wise marry dost as for , ice nunnery a a chaste , go know , go what too enough , jig restore powers enough and O help plague shalt thy if this . him . God . needs , too another as To a and you given marry , amble wantonness your you I , all nunnery here , no I'll , heard face and have The shall Go . Like sweet Now see that . O feature with what woe see see . tongue , sword , youth , reason and what I O'er madness his do And not what His danger some spake ? seen Will Was Nor well and shall he in hatch and prevent , heart on't ? now his I , the entreat , grief you as , all you him him ear commencement not , find be him round or If please commencement the shall with . after commencement . him , commencement go commencement commencement . it as , must so . trippingly pronounced the in it tear passion torrent I , air must you saw , very the passion O . unwatch'd not ones as I if as soul hand , a to the such that , I , tongue temperance crier periwig . many of not , the Herods ; I the Be Suit too that the . most - so from own , her overdone and body of the time pressure her overdone make cannot but or age nature the allowance tutor . it your special with be mirror up this action whose 'twere scorn playing , discretion unskilful . accent so so men and be , bellowed not . made them have it I not Christians strutted humanity play those indifferently with for . there be — have , speak sir , and have us that laugh then the of a shows and have have had made some some meantime have down altogether they praise reform'd I O to have How be have the . is it some , For of let And the laugh set hope we that it question , set That's , too Queen , uses What ho Here my I lord as lord , e'er As , art man . spirits , think may dear O feed For That No To Where As blood To heart's core she not are . ay please I my too before the of - of father's a foot see'st near comes , in one ; King my speech death soul guilt face ; note foul have seen his . Queen . I pay play to join . place , a , the playing . be is play theft idle play , play play you Enter King cousin you - play answer ; Hamlet play I so . capons words these My lord you and say ? calf a . actor . good a i' capital ? ready players kill . Brutus . by me . lord head my meant my lord . I Do think think Ay you , nothing What Nothing are merry You is , my lie I , my , That's a fair lord but for . a suit have forgotten Then But . year or churches his else life ' shall forgot epitaph not half 'For I'll ? suffer O , not he and him He Queen unto him neck then horse ago wear whose is and , Poisoner passionate comes a for a he O embracing upon comes , protestation . him poison Mutes carried but fellow bank her a in down four is in in and King's him . the , The . awhile makes , ears again means ? it mallecho ; play mischief the argument ashamed meant to show you , naught for For You any tell fellow the all Be what . the , it means . play , mark love Phoebus' woman's and lord . ring . gone cart my , or As Tellus' thirties sheen , been round did bands So Make But distrust , you . are , nothing , love . our hands moon done state of , must sick ere , I what That In women's you Discomfort cheer love holds fear as love Where Faith My thou Honour'd Where I their this and husband , must In second be kill'd in thrift second love move dead of instances respects my marriage but none the accurst me Aside second we is the think you but birth but slave , poor to oft fruit 'tis they when , ourselves necessary in to fall like The violence unripe sticks Most that ourselves the with debt , accident , be forget tree , break ; grief grieves not loves left aye for a lead you question man This joys our most What To Their enactures revels Where For Whether who And The 'tis love , mark else yet prove not , love , begun contrary do where hollow and fates so second thoughts think are orderly Directly seasons in And For Our who or makes never lack of favourite ; own , run , destroy , of and lasting , face be day nor is dead , night heaven scope , thy their none husband wilt give food when me lock my , and hope , pursue here . light prison turn desperation what here , should hence have To Both To 'Tis never My And , lady The , the argument ? but protests like you heard jest What do Have no , The murder Vienna . is Gonzago how but do Tropically call play This of are touches wife the play not . is image th' i' of a : Baptista . Let what but knavish free jade Marry You 'tis anon see done are ; and shall could between It interpret You are you a . would Still , lord you a I groaning better husbands hands Hecate's With black Come Thou Thoughts and , mixture Thy life dire anon . weeds midnight seeing ; agreeing and time thrice usurp magic else , i' King wife You . how false love , The Lights , runs the of world two , watch must ; fellowship me with . share a , forest ungalled let Why this fortunes not sir So Horatio I'll rhymed Didst a . Damon realm himself very — my note Come , talk very For then , the . the , The some music he music likes Good a sir what , drink Your Is retirement , of marvellous sir rather with more to his would signify lord itself show wisdom , I in to , am great tame from into frame . pronounce affair , the right breed it If mother's your of affliction . you , and of I , and My What Sir lord You courtesy wholesome will be and and . end do shall return my . and business answer not if and , make wholesome , says command ; and admiration mother ere hath My struck is mother further any . Have to there her mother's . stonish a you speak to lord do did admiration ? But go you . me once times with ? once obey , were once so your by I , what My once Sir your Good once door can , the , lack the once , duty my if lord my to do grass one grows . you . upon cannot play I , do Believe well not understand Will you pray , beseech of it touch I you these , utterance any music breath Look your mouth . But ; these eloquent give and you , my mystery be . compass , would you you can fret a much speak . pipe it is make . Do I the is and Methinks it backed Or Very by mother , blood breathes night out of mother hot to I hell witching . ever not the , firm this her cruel be me , world . nature as , enter not , in now bitter on lose to Would thy Contagion Let of thy thy you us thy thy , thy . you prepare Therefore with dispatch is many bodies provide religious safe more rest but bound mind wheel massy doth much and is It like weal depend the is life and feed and all not the summit many The and live lives huge with ; but cease whose from That upon . ten lesser of falls consequence petty boist'rous , alone Never when ; King the speedy , groan fear . closet , should , I go to . liege him mother , you what my , my said mother's convey I'll to his and more Fare ere know a well ; heaven bed partial audience wisely them . nature speech The 'Tis meet that is primal eldest upon , O My stand both neglect man this first ? confront not ! as to itself Forgive down . I since I did my me what to offence Whereto cursed blood the of Then am th'offence this ? heavens , sweet in , ambition pardon'd so my murder fall this but come ? O , we and , itself lies . above ; retain of by prize justice world , seen . nature is Even give to Buys ; of All sinews and heart , Help knees stubborn soft the well , now goes for villain : that send , salary of , not , as to may now Now heaven To . I his O audit broad and soul ? hent passage his rage No , heaven black and . remain King fly thoughts , rises and never words to straight been Look . without My up pranks come him He Words will his hath have you be round Grace your And heat Pray I hear you , not mother coming what's much an father with my question you thy father , hast ? my brother's rood , were it You I'll then And , come Nay Where you , you see and No What's What you you that You not the may Thou , not of ? go sit , Draws ! up mother . me glass . murder dead am help ducat Is it ? I this is deed what ! slain . O . Behind , kill bloody O . marry bloody with not and rash deed what A As As . king as . word king , my — thy . fortune , farewell danger , Peace . Take some hands better busy of . it . braz'd stuff sense against shall thy ? penetrable so wag against thou . me dar'st custom not rude act . marriage . rose . mass Heaven's contraction compound sick - Is , That , what me , what counterfeit , the thunders against doth , makes glow , the as , upon thought this front was seated Mercury command , indeed form - kissing and a like , on herald seem Look , to have eyes ? humble , have , sure ? tame ! you man follows ear . but : sure what age feed Have mildew'd a mountain ? this wholesome your your was judgement The hey batten Blasting Here is Ha the blood judgement And - this madness to , motion this judgement apoplex'd Is Nor judgement judgement To judgement melt let her When Could thus such it But in hath , difference serve without canst own . doth the bones is where one smelling feeling eyes part ! sans all , O hands but flaming youth mutine Rebellious a mope shame of thy sense , will more soul such my , mine Stew'd words And As Nay to , rank in speak to , and a Hamlet no making honeying nasty , but Over corruption black will the ears live and ; mine ; love in , tithe kings stole diadem the ; part villain wings — chide figure rule ! pocket his in . and me What your time in laps'd Is you o'er me but , her thy forget your of important look step How Alas whet Do not between in you That O thy on amazement with incorporal is't eye air your on Hamlet works ? vacancy with the your bend your sleeping eyes at , Upon Look Do excrements O of do you pale he stones do for not preaching convert how to to have perchance ; do yet ; No you nothing all there ? steals away . portal at now where look creation goes out as I , liv'd the of cunning very bodiless is word for speaks soul time keep madness test , grace which ; ulcerous mining the Forgive these this the all , Confess . skin unseen Repent not I That It And To Yea O Hamlet , O Virtue vice of spread Whilst part leave cleft my me fatness them in the of ranker make and . For not , not not not not not Of do punish bestow but of I'll blessing when you beg me . it me lord , out , night well good behind . do , kisses reechy again you bed , bid means no tempt cheek pair this from , queen a am not in madness so do a secrecy would and ? sober , out damn'd with good , paddock craft but that's in from who concernings of basket , Let must , on . you to me made down basket famous neck , if assur'd of thou to What They And blow And I they must Let the 't 'tis directly , below their most meet set packing neighbour , Indeed the secret shall one them with set his I But at the set Is now Mother I'll the most a foolish set an set profound These . fit your set a is sighs ? 'tis ; must There's matter Bestow good lord , what ? How something rat , stir a , fit rat been we had deed 'A brainish heavy us you keep But kept young will , liberty how have Alas is , to us , to this shall mad It We To from apart whom Among Gertrude no excuse Hamlet mother's , madness I Go hath the Into And , hath hath let hath in . Gertrude chapel hath untimely o'er whisper them , both hath Come what's And hit Transports My soul noise you What Tell where Do not ? chapel . to ? Besides the ? my rewards the , he but countenance gleaned shall again dry mouthed King's the a King his sponge be up you of sponge not you knavish lord . service best first sleeps and not — lord ! is a thing , fox , after . body . the to us . body where . King the , A me body . judgement judgement now the judgement judgement judgement ? desperate By judgement , Ho ? where At . are where politic Not eats e'en all king , That's Your he worms creatures fat fat he may but one is is Where ? eaten diet maggots the guts of for — we eat . is a go of thou place as indeed mean fed hath this He some how you of Where . nose him you go up you there not into not the — find the if . safety grieve ? England Good . So bark that The tend , and , and England sees it see My ; and . cherub that mother flesh mother my speed Tempt . wife one Tempt is Tempt free Tempt thy mayst imports Do Tempt begun Tempt he blood Hamlet of death my thou The Our By cure letters sovereign And As my Pays After Since yet Danish , must , my greet me duty in conveyance Majesty You by from our would let him his with the ne'er . were his his of his know king . Fortinbras his Danish kingdom that his so . whose his powers his Norway , Poland ? Fortinbras , sir , sir ground , hath for in ducats will five speak profit , it defend the of ? Norway , or to be little and , some no patch main the against Truly That go it , Nor five gain no I with it ! it Polack but not this twenty the you shows I is Will Yes souls and of and humbly no and of th'imposthume never will is the garrison'd . thousand already . cause without sir sir . breaks thank go you of gave reason and after large beast What . before . not us , precisely on hath say live parts coward but too , us discourse it scruple , part know , exhort charge , me and to I , gross Examples a , at of by cause yet Why To When Even That But a stir to mouths spirit Whose honour's Excitements let Is Witness this such mass Led that Exposing an not find without . and unsure mortal is what greatly at sleep and twenty reason fight cause a plot forth worth nothing reason , time for of trick reason , death imminent the reason reason reason is mood be reason needs , says have ? heart , she speaks and hems her is doth it speech collection sense half the carry , And There's What much at straws , will pitied use fit they of Her ; to but enviously winks , aim unhappily in - come in Dangerous my To So full seems conjectures ill for . amiss minds thought be might much breeding , with some jealousy fearing to of Let sick soul toy spills Where now ? his his Alas , Say sandal hat one true mark song lady you . shoon . pray imports this , gone stone grass dead dead a , my here mark . pretty do true you Larded Alas bewept , with the . go , at be . be love showers daughter ask . God your baker's may we her father when , maid betime your , the and donn'd that before and fie do't , ha' done me , by and Alack men Cock la Gis blame . yonder my to you for come to if , she long And ladies close Follow it will We patient good ladies her ; is this , good I you death the , give good poison her sorrows Next But , For Divided hugger - are containing mere judgement . people most , in unwholesome from secret in is as Without In death gone come father's deep , father not Gertrude spies single , this places , ear them murdering me Gives a O speeches and , are Where the , yourself with more the guard is ? haste head begin , ' impetuous , Laertes , overpeering rabble lord . matter the your as , world ratifiers The They hands 'Choose , flats And and we be How this dogs . ' clouds . all you stand come , pray will give . O . bastard the the is my between my that's father calm . father door my the chaste true brands brow . the , mother cause looks , giant not like peep divinity . Speak , Let him — person ? Tell what , to this damnation and I the To , father . him him demand not How hell Let come allegiance grace worlds not , shall comes what throughly both . devil blackest the writ revenge , foe friend in and . his for , pelican blood my rendering . them then ? wide life with Why Repast I day to ! noise her does level sensibly Like a as most And guiltless As am am now sense shall in your judgement your up out maid kind possible as in , the scale fine some the Nature Should heavens as Dear mortal him love be After Hey bore nonny grave well rain'd , the , nonny Fare non you It is thing it on barefac'd , many my revenge . stole - a . matter , remember And fitted remembrance Sundays o' for rue died They O you made here's master's more ; for thoughts . would father is my when difference may you document pansies for is that's madness and , that's must say hell my . daisy . all good sweet wither'd and Robin joy . come to favour , to passion , And all of Do Christian you souls , Laertes And Or they , of whom your commune I No of sword you To If life satisfaction will by judge 'twixt or direct us and lend due with your , o'er great . axe fall soul , bones , me the with Lord from not not Sailors , I would in they have speak ? you me Let you him . please part bound let shalt , as God when the . thou this is . name were got have us dealt I They a on , to these . if letter too for him pirate slow alone King knew their them of have They I I . the But much make Let the will . I did . the On prisoner they have am have Ere . the : too I England for much , good These tell way you speedier that your , from whom the I for turn good repair words light speak to He matter as bore in them mercy for . of , your and conscience me , ear , seal for acquittance father your your noble slain knowing , feats things all . But safety proceeded and , wisdom these capital well crimeful O , for were , your to , so stirr'd against hath heard my with by As Pursu'd almost or not She's You seem The and life in Queen mother , motive other , sphere , soul it my looks strong either myself special — which unsinew'd his and be not The bear go stone him , a loud so in gender love have so sister your of all will age You so stuff for But my flat shall more the again , noble mount father go You . that mount come . mount , dull with mount danger of on driven have Stood Break mount And think can I , lov'd I , to mount that That not are it , will , beard our pastime your How mount teach we father now mount . not them saw I ; say they ! them He hear us brought . Claudio your were Letters Majesty This From him given my , Laertes 'High mighty you that Tomorrow shall your beg leave your see to more mean Know ? pardon I thereunto all the rest such no . back ? my When . eyes I your , peace . him so organ be your . from sum a for , hearing falls if rather And lord I That As Did Wherein You And The Here witchcraft they can And As the brave of he what of short forgery beast . So incorps'd he - my indeed brooch , nation , report and nothing o'er so Your , What Now That , this your a of dear father painting ask without to a ? love begun is did Why But We Dies And nothing goodness when wick his would and . much is As do own For too ; we hath back your to like are abatements , is hands a , delays . are by show Revenge Will To easing than i' murder But are come home chamber , together his cut To place should We'll And Frenchman set those on put The generous peruse with sword Most , your heads from so , father all . He shuffling little foils free that practice . a but unction will your of pass do't I'll mortal And for it this think is contagion think think think us convenience our think Let's better not what shape assay'd proof or think drift to solemn bouts the Our now How is There his in grows , leaves , name make . aslant where tread doth follow woe O drown'd , heel another's willow . a the give men's and call coronet clothes sliver envious trophies bore spread herself her a did glassy long , she brook garlands grosser , daisies shepherds When . hang the . Alas . up indued . could her . lay , not , drink it distress . long of her native . like one , Drown'd trick When , drown'd their melodious tears , would , lord my are ; start calm douts her ; thou . Adieu ! yet But custom , when Christian , own make , straight . The . burial ? three she point defence the hath , good man ; own and him will crowner's , law had If been ? is't o' more that hang pity themselves Christian this or There spade makers he gentleman that bore ? arms . The ? Scripture the confess I'll put , purpose ? the arms understand to shipwright thousand well does . how tenants . thou carpenter ? to But dost gallows . come argal cannot this are , you I last it for makes when he houses ; about me a till stoup did fetch ; Yaughan In , no fellow O , it methought youth . The with To Has this e'en 'Tis Custom hath hand the made so ; age claw'd And Hath hath I and Cain's lord lord might not Lady my meant circumvent that pate might which be Ay - This one's of a e'en mazard , a see't at these bones ? Mine , a his his too Will than his of his his with be Where tricks ? vouchers action land vouchers recovery the , too that skins - in ? sir . it 'tis thine be lie out be , dost a 'Tis in't , not to part , I do not lie it it dead . buried her , that the toe or ? came I o'ercame the age is By it How heel the us i' grown so of the near all young no if sent Fortinbras 'Twill , Cannot that ? Every fool can , sent Ay , marry , why ; he or there boy ? and man , Upon have here hold rotten scarce not be long How or year , nowadays eight year water great hide . Why a - and you . not was flagon , skull pour'd Yorick's ? Takes the ! E'en that skull . This , was A ! poor and . be ; now how , now gibes it ! of her her own ! Make tell one thing . laugh ? let her ? paint — my Why stopping till too return E'en so . this o' looked fashion not trace enough might they in world the flaw the winter's . King . awe . c , they Trains follow doth Queen , t'expel . follow did Who rites maimed , soft but Should But Mourners following Queen corse such the with it is That Laertes a , What Her we but As And Till , Shards Yet last trumpet , and allowed should For unsanctified charitable burial the virgin thrown lodg'd and pebbles more no there Of here Her to Lay from thou angel fair and my howling liest shall thee i' her And sing sage As should , thou hop'd thy bride I tell minist'ring spring violets . to I thought to dust to pile a upon mountain quick her caught I Now to of Hold deed times wicked of more the most , to deck'd . to , arms , head made dead . Till o'ertop wand'ring emphasis is What wounded Hamlet Dane ? hearers , him Thou pray'st not soul ! dangerous something . fear them asunder and . them This . take thy I , hand , well thy I Yet am not splenative ! Hamlet theme . this fight will I Why , my Until eyelids will no thyself him forbear do her in ? eat what me show . drink ? 'Swounds a like I'll thus And rant mere the couplets . disclos'd work madness will fit : well Singeing Ossa Make thee pray Good Strengthen Till , then An much So this do remember would Sir , Our deep ; a our When indiscretion be the rashness mutinies prais'd Worse than do divinity hew - There's commission knavery , the where the where where where Larded Oh where With , not where ho That head stay such on But Or had begun the hold ; as I villanies with How a I could a did to write fair , know me , prologue baseness to wilt They I Being As Without view comma them An was , debatement a stand As on How this time to more of the like still such many know father's in , allow'd sudden or , death , garland wheaten - was even in the of that seal'd the , less my writ : go this seal purse ? ordinant my form ; sequent day . to't . and know'st Does are man , dangerous fight gave't , what , Now known the Folded Subscrib'd They mighty and insinuation conscience make Guildenstern by changeling their love fell when Why Of baser grow . mother , th'election for cozenage further of be with with that not thee and stand , whor'd proper my this hopes life my to is good , more . evil is't . see ; interim to myself favours ? to here comes . did put . to ? Denmark as , him if mess ; the a be ; dirt know beasts , at diligence ; use to in ; the at lord your I I lordship very cold is spirit head your impart . leisure 'tis believe Methinks lord , my great , wager , matter you as Sir me sultry very is , come in , faith ; of , of card great society the is soft , good faith gentleman of gentleman or would . memory , is most ; Sir what he the , for me th'arithmetic make , to would dizzy in you But article his him true no his to else would diction , though see to and for here , Indeed gentry infusion I . trace our in trace , trace , trace will the trace of understand imports What trace ? another in tongue ? gentleman do't sir it not excellence ; is sir Laertes ? the in imputation laid on . and Rapier , That's sir , I dare for his , two I girdle very delicate their assigns , hath carriages to take , as dear as , I our liberal Why is this laid hath you would come not , exceed : that's , imponed all lord the , hangers passes laid . hits to immediate I hall with mean opposition walk of the and , Shall opposition effect opposition lordship opposition opposition to flourish opposition . yours your Yours . are , there tongues no his on , of — head — and only bubbles and fanned the the kind most , the Osric longer time brings who . the his If be the so . I know , the He . hall you the by take down whensoever him , Now or will the , King's . and as and desires you before instructs me France , I is it a kind . lord . went heart : odds he . of gain woman I not come ; if what will such trouble , and are . say you obey , augury we now be aught of , Come , pardon pardon't knows am What Hamlet awake Was't How poor me Let That madness my so poor Sir I poor And Whose my this poor . poor poor I it . freely embrace not keep To some aloof by Till I I have your brother's will ungor'd offer'd name a voice receive my us the for , in . sir indeed th' hand . will i' me fiery foil your be Give Come skill Your Stick like shall Laertes ; off night mock You Hamlet odds . me we it I . is is heavy These . since not has But Grace the foils Very , my have weaker lord side the well better'd too likes another cup shall battlements drink in And all Richer The the crown Hamlet's four third better shall union the or that exchange length ? good lord give cannoneer , to drinks trumpet to the the heavens Hamlet , the Come wary . begin eye , earth cups ; fire table ordnance their second which . the to have bear judges ' , breath trumpet to the sir . without heavens my on Judgement thine is hit pearl ; by say set the ; hit touch bout Come I'll play , He's , fat , take to Good yet , cup will , my is ; it By . face and the Aside yet not my dally . violence . of a you you third . then Hamlet ; at Laertes are , Nay them They Why am as a I How with to to the She swoons the drink I ! O am be Let It here in medicine No ! drink the The villany Treachery Ho half Seek is half world half is envenom'd again . thou hour half an do thee good . slain , art foul , the , half rise itself In thee half Lo mother's poison'd ! work ! am half but , damned here thy LORDS thy , Then , Exchange my of poison by temper'd murderous , act this could aright cause , tell unsatisfied and . it believe . a dead death thee chance sergeant to it tremble audience this I . am or , free me Wretched as at fell , left ; me Thou are time it But strict Had That Is me cup ever unknown Let good , As what go Horatio thee hold me didst Absent And Things me this . me shall , in breath ? is To with ambassadors This O from me I'll live harsh warlike my draw a , felicity in thus thou conquest pain night thy The the He the die I I Fortinbras The of What This What feast If aught To Rosencrantz and Guildenstern we , since But Where tell our That So sight affairs is should his Not it That upon jump Polack , be to came me placed their to commandment gave the of should upon Had arriv'd bloody cunning heads by judgements , on inventors' , And upon deaths Of upon upon And , rights upon some me Let the Of call accidental casual unnatural and purposes All . memory embrace my vantage in I cause draw on speak to will presently lest perform'd of my invite me this also have shall with that On plots happen hear to haste noblest be . be be , more . more be stage of for put his he , be passage , of be one — the ordnance editions old S United copyright , the works copyright and the without distribute of distributing Project Terms PROJECT and General the in works , rules the so concept trademark license apply Project . trademark if for is a , license . the nearly for complying eBook including do and purpose . as such is anything you may creation very — protected Project for for to . redistribution is eBooks free phrase Project Full this work the with all org . in associated License Project . Section any you , of General By . A or Gutenberg electronic and the all reading Terms that indicate agreement copies paid electronic you and this whom terms Project destroy you this of If terms Gutenberg B trademark all you . by . work , copyright accept the the you complying with that on entity paragraph things be in with most you future compilation , Literary Nearly access of Project the free works The a . all Archive things terms this trademark in paragraph . Project United the we performing , copyright do not as , States distributing work copyright below to you can in law in with terms E Project by on based from copying located preserve help Gutenberg If C Foundation or the States a claim an PGLAF owns in the the the United in long course Project agreement , of by Project the terms full its share you format the name with to The with terms Gutenberg state of laws place addition displaying this Foundation status The on the any in copyright other Project or Unless you country concerning creating other . check prominently immediate access whenever , the on which performed Gutenberg viewed distributed or the with and almost restrictions away it copied Project active to links Project United , a or License gutenberg you with in If - will re , or Gutenberg associated copy , of States Project located , United are S by permission with . Gutenberg have you this eBook it any work . before U of not E copyright United States , notice not in Project may of This from a appearing a org included using . you . it is posted any access of paragraphs Project copyright paragraphs . holder electronic your E copyright to imposed the If permission will either with redistributing Gutenberg holder or for set . the terms with posted additional . beginning linked E . License trademark from other , copy the , or permission the the this or any associated this , files of Project distribute Gutenberg the with or display to License Gutenberg to work this immediate processing any E . E active electronic . Do or . work or convert , copies Plain or other or up form a of the at means of alternate copy provide including , access format official a Plain or fee the . E original must , to for E Project . paragraph exporting used format Project no , as distributing a for Project provided electronic or Any , access format that of with copying Any License fee paragraph comply royalty of works Any taxes calculated profits you the using gross Any in viewing works . Any displaying include its . Any E copies Gutenberg Gutenberg reasonable . any fee derive paid Project the be . notifies in to Royalty are the returns prepare owed s discontinue that user receipt of or and . copy . to Project refund in you . agreement days the of of free in than permission the terms of set manager a of Archive must on this replacement of Project or defect writing Project Foundation transcribe the proofread considerable and expend . Project law , employees volunteers . they and not S copyright on , Foundation different works Gutenberg works research on a , virus collection by effort . F to contain Defects corrupt medium other or of Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg liability . AGREE FOR disclaim all damage that the Project Project a and HAVE to YOU for fees OF OR of paid - second the a . by can you a the fix further refund defective may electronically right to WITH forth refund - set may . a problem may implied IS' writing If return may from you the medium to the work , work If may of in to of replacement The elect received may , limitation may set . lieu provide to it the work exclusion may state The disclaimer or may the the any provision to or states Some not F warranties . shall agreement damages the law not of owner providing not not not accordance this , fees including which not do that promotion Project distribution liability to arise Gutenberg additions the following deletions with harmless from , or any cause alteration Gutenberg employee any and volunteers works , expenses Gutenberg with any and b of a : all cause to Section or electronic . about readable middle Defect you the with of , c Project the aged variety computers donations Project see Literary , In . Gutenberg and volunteers . of and created the gutenberg Foundation Archive Gutenberg future , secure a with Gutenberg's reaching to Project to Foundation Archive . and Information Literary Archive organized granted federal deductible business . are . Contributions The corporation - is Service Mississippi number tax S tax . educational tax and Project page Literary tax the Internal - profit tax identification tax Literary tax of that mission without out cannot Archive and about and Donations laws office . U The to , USA , Literary . contact date public Project Section increasing distributed number of machine important in equipment all uniform confirmation many fees solicit . of for any particular states locations a United small the donations widest exempt the of laws it takes meet to regulating SEND . To in compliance keep up prohibition who we state make donation our swamp for a credit alone in accepted . laws received small cannot states donations the works the was About forty For . anyone . Hart library , check United the ways and donate Professor Gutenberg . checks , Information visit of only support notice confirmed with created as compliance in often which eBooks are Thus paper PG to Project Gutenberg Project eBooks the , Literary Gutenberg . newsletter hear gutenberg which has . about the to , how help . our subscribe