Who's . Stand me Nay Stand answer come You Stand 'Tis For Stand now Stand struck twelve relief Stand Not Have , good stirring . haste there ? this ground Friends And liegemen you Well them good . I , Give Barnardo , my , honest Holla hath is Horatio . again our nothing twice hold fantasy seen us , him night of of him have again this minutes the eyes , speak it . come , and 'twill our Tush Well sit Barnardo Sit down awhile assail against again fortified once us let And same Last let And his course bell burns t'illume Marcellus beating , figure the the where myself . again wonder it , with What Did Together and 'Tis now , not more something You ! this Before you . will not and look fantasy pale . avouch ? had angry parle thyself th'ambitious before stalk hath jump ice cannon land the strict for implements our to strange the bodes in some and sit this nightly why Why And such What Sunday the mart of that with the the this cast daily the and eruption scope to thought , toils , now But gross same And impress divide joint from whose : last Our ; so Who make be the is't - not night toward Was , even the as Thereto prick'd you , Dar'd the this , of ; which a by , which the Against Was Hamlet of gaged he by of King the skirts of , Norway Hath . enterprise , full , article as who known world there no strong , other of the state , design'd same is which ; hot , vanquisher the To fell The Is of - lost father source this armed may it post But That Shark'd up stomach doth it hath For some to , our those of watch other watch like portentous but this foresaid unto appear of our to And And motive and in the land rummage , Rome eye . dead blood ; star , wars King Julius tenantless and in Was As stars Did with A whose influence Neptune's stands events on together and heaven Unto where it , fates . coming omen the of to sun mightiest and the and to earth hast thou If any any though , cross use to ! still . Lo ! Speak , O , privy Speak , me . to and If be thee it soft climatures our behold sound , Stay of be grace . thing me blast , But I'll may there art thou Which ease in uphoarded in , For to speak spirits my at it of Marcellus ? here 'Tis it stand , majestical invulnerable mockery , cock the crew violence thing morn throat earth , air the have guilty to I a heard herein hies his at in of or spirit and - like , summons the is started trumpet sounding truth probation crowing that Wherein bird they of dawning takes hallow'd are then witch It witch The witch The , nights So No witch , our , consent we conveniently witch fitting , yon high and have seen my by upon my him witch witch , loves him shall I Hamlet ; Do needful you Unto young dumb to , this morning and I most and Hamlet green contracted be yet memory Yet be hearts Laertes , grief of with woe on fought and one discretion grief brow dear kingdom ; grief death and of far wisest grief our , in with with sometime jointress as , grief With Together so That Therefore Have grief mirth auspicious and and In to better follows this in Th'imperial funeral 'twere one With Taken Your weak and dream surrender this fail'd valiant ourself for Thus impotent Norway To , Of Who To Giving subject ; herein his uncle bed - of : young Fortinbras much we , suppress , of purpose the this time and here all levies scarcely rid this His Out The , CORNELIUS things it with business And You us doubt : heartily ? Laertes not to . suit speak be thy Dane news the than duty Laertes with farewell . our your . we what's is't thou offer not more hand head cannot and that nothing , will lose Your From my That You voice not is more wouldst reason of The , in willingly and must confess lord thy father , asking ? the to the to mouth , is Than My I and to says consent . leave France to done pardon Polonius Denmark to your that toward coronation duty , came I ? slow last at me . from and and spend Laertes him my What gracious and . leave Take And the kin ; Hamlet than clouds am , it , much the sun on friend a not Do , like colour lids vailed thy i' hang at thy , my know'st Seek Ay Hamlet let Passing it seems madam it so is it common thy , Nor windy No my If nature , madam through to thee ? I be , with ; is 'Tis Nor Nor are actions , These give these But That the nor you , lost and have denote haviour , These and know In lost , forms moods . that within to and for sorrow . father survivor some your dejected To In condolement to mind incorrect 'Tis obligation his suits passeth show ; common impatient a . most and unschool'd is to , peevish ; father your filial obstinate heart obsequious But a thing sense , to the , heaven earth world think you hath who corse . As A From 'This be so first death To Why what An know should Take And the let that till a fault to theme , note throw still he ' the of It In that which dearest father immediate less in to to the of , desire bend retrograde school you of and . Wittenberg , remain Wittenberg For of love ; not reply come accord and in gentle as Why loving Let stay great Sits jocund ourself a to cannon unforc'd King's the No smiling 'tis thee in , Be Re - This that , and earthly rouse . a fair whereof , a O of flat the fie Fie How But the the too too solid the Oh seed nay , that to come not so ; king — dead months Hyperion That But two Possess I roughly . would had within a on woman — Heaven and world ! garden — she old even . beast or Frailty my — on month which With So By Let Like Would O have I father's My me not little Niobe Ere She Than God , A she followed no Hercules brother left such , heart your lordship good , father ! my to hold . tongue servant same , I break With married . O most it my , is well myself . Wittenberg ? lord Hail And I am But what , in to faith truant A not shall would Nor I very My good , To But disposition , my hear yourself I lord I coldly heaven . marriage , foe tables father I lord he once ; was all for like his him goodly Horatio upon in all king a yesternight King your Upon of for I you attent With , encounter'd . and Barnardo together exactly thus In Marcellus dead Been God's ear Season may deliver . pie . night father your watch march solemn on , like cap them stately truncheon's , dumb his oppress'd and - they surprised he , with before Appears Stand And Where , each made your this was where But lord the platform it to speak ; watch like father . knew I not kept night third the them These upon not you lifted to Itself at sound the morning shrunk , address speak , away we where , As of know think vanish'd it made motion , But even then from very . me 'tis strange lord in Arm'd , you indeed Indeed toe head not wore frowningly he in than beaver ? to ? foot lord he from , he anger red very Nay fix'd he And his he I would constantly . there he been had he he Longer moderate one , much . you Stay'd tell a it . grizzled it in his ? I when no life it person all , father's you A watch 'twill assume , I sight though though , So . and no though . though well though will were ! rise well though not you honour . though : benefit . give sleep assistant as me But you is sister doubt Do Hamlet Hold violet the and convoy And And My a ? his blood , not in primy , so no but ? but not grow it crescent this . nature inward will ; the as does Perhaps but not is , his but nor but his to you besmirch ; bulk of now but must birth do soul depends this his but , alone mind he may For His virtue withal but The now And Grows Carve He for sanctity his choice ; himself Whereof May fits he in wisdom deed his ; voice weigh credent what which is , withal act to far and of his your head and yielding be says place ; chaste it loves ; whole if he , believe his list your or you honour he give so particular unmask galls before the Too And The itself of in shot 'scapes moon unmaster'd Ophelia , it with too your Fear Or lose keep fear beauty her importunity the chariest in The Virtue you , the and most safety rebels itself wary not shall watchman Do canker , none imminent . be calumnious not oft the then blastments are lesson my keep near youth in good fear pastors . libertine heaven , thy blessing , sail you second aboard There thought no act no , thoughts , by and soul thou unto them friends familiar thy dull , unfledg'd precepts may quarrel palm of means his thy , precepts for adoption vulgar memory precepts for few . precepts , hast . Give precepts character thou unproportion'd not But Bear't censure thine precepts ear , as oft the proclaims in apparel and express'd each to precepts with ; being but with man's thy And not Costly Take For Neither loan Of that habit France And man a reserve thee . station . judgement , man and that . tend servants , leave , day . thee . lock'd Ophelia , What my take to the , to canst humbly my then as thine follow blessing this , remember I shall key it keep in What is't , you , hath the : bethought , you said to the yourself well hath audience behoves my way it And 'Tis me be that is — I the oft and put yourself me many truth . clearly so up tenders . tell . perilous circumstance you green lord tenders speak call I ! you do of He I You like a think phrase fool dearly ; more yourself wind importun'd a the tenders pay , me me of tender ? baby it go to go , my lord a for these you call In lord And the vows , heaven speech holy : than light something Than Set must their how blazes your entreatments vows catch all tongue Lends to his , as , woodcocks blood these for your You like his given you him to not promise extinct in daughter , both is Ophelia brokers , terms , mere that not Than a command Be . a of scanter And But The would Look , I any plain so Breathing talk charge words I . you ; lord the from and ; In he , forth ways . cold very is an . now . obey shall . What is , and shrewdly is No The ? heard Indeed it does his then it think nipping it lacks of twelve ? out , mean Rhenish of thus . near mean down upspring draws mean rouse , my mean ? I am native a here west other east of traduc'd - the mean mind The mean And to drum it Is , my to in tax'd born though , breach honour'd clepe They More the manner And marry observance it than with swinish nations . indeed ; and of chances vicious habit , the Nature's Being , say , addition marrow birth o'ergrowth they as , men it achievements , wherein , down Since their oft and mole of else infinite and origin in , reason undergo , of forts , As I some breaking Or form as man defect evil , that much o'erleavens , star general noble it scandal substance fault own particular in the Angels thou with That , a such airs spirit ministers goblin blasts , shape questionable Dane to speak me Why intents comes ! hell ! sepulchre the marble jaws mean defend or health wicked cerements again dead the again but tell , complete What quietly inurn'd answer Hamlet me in . thee thee up his saw canoniz'd not , in com'st Thou royal burst their father we ponderous the souls desire did should disposition and may and , hideous ? you some a action ground to , it ? we reaches Wherefore beyond thus of , impartment . more . It why is this What I , not go alone beckons it To with with fear . lord . follow fee follow itself as can be at life my set not Why What to Which That might And And deprive assume o'er you toward ? do it many place Without That very draw hears motive if you You Go on , waves so me It into madness there of reason , lord go off not not your , this body . in . am Still Be My fate . thee . him . come this gentlemen him lets . thus will Denmark desperate with will , the issue follow rotten . To Something Nay lead me Speak of direct is Heaven wilt Mark sulph'rous and come . I'll him flames will will Must I thou will Pity up ghost lend shall to . unfold thy will . hearing tormenting almost is to My will When hour render will poor To , I am I what thou will art Doom'd for me Alas , nature forbid , house night What to walk the thou certain a for Till To burnt the foul crimes Speak Would Like each a thy , I , word that am blood . list ; father , murder , on ; most and ; thy To of Make ; thou foul foul , it unnatural . and , is wings best know't , sweep me But Murder dear ever God Murder as his Revenge I shouldst thee stung a serpent given abus'd A out that sting thy youth . weed apt of , adulterate traitorous Denmark wharf Now sleeping , forged his thou — power . uncle prophetic . process that by ; my his - off that , life gifts seeming wit O Ay With made From O seduce witchcraft , that incestuous , to me , of ! with his my whose hand her wretch But , Will soft Brief But With in always I prey itself it marriage in a . virtue whose in mine of be secure hebenon in uncle within garbage a a shape stole Sleeping radiant a sate lust So ! custom Upon of The with and And wholesome eager vigour alleys gates a most thin natural swift of of The curd lazar All a - like of Thus Cut life I was , off , by , of sin dispatch'd , loathsome a made crown No of With Of of And That quicksilver it of into and . brother's of disappointed , thee most not ; head , be it bear of this act incest Denmark , horrible , not for pursu'st , my , on imperfections in , lodge , to her her thee matin shows her thorns thy , prick To thou If A thy to his Fare . couch howsoever and glow And you my to those mother mind And thou bear , And from In wipe this Yea I'll But me ghost the all forms my thee my , thee memory , youth That thy all all there live pressures , past , memory ? alone my by brain of copied shall heaven Remember ! villain ! to . in a , MARCELLUS . My . Lord lord may is , pernicious woman damned down . lord me . my word Now , Within At I am . my , and adieu sworn't remember . Come ! is't noble , him Within Heaven my , ho Hillo . ho , How ? lord my O Good No my , Nor then HORATIO a ne'er Ay by he's ghost heaven and be secret ? it ? the dwelling , my all Denmark think . arrant , no this my lord are you To needs And we tell ; an I so as For it ; that , it your every There , as , hold Why right fit and hath heartily lord Horatio here tell , between , you , is this let , there my sorry I'm , Yes , It And , HORATIO known you Patrick ghost honest much , my will MARCELLUS and you , but , poor lord As are friends have . what Nay faith Nor I Upon lord , my have the . Art . indeed already . Cries boy ha thou , sayst We , Never to of this , that this upon to thou , Swear stage shift sword in the cellarage Swear . by lord ground . have . our , my . this of speak that again , we'll . welcome wondrous Horatio . work . you sword . is good friends so ? But . I an perchance odd , in in a ! this give heaven Beneath mole — never shall it , mercy , meet think earth , would' and shake phrase could they if to we , and be , not 'We giving at by we you know speak' ; or some seeing doubtful if out , or pronouncing at To How arms , as I never bear disposition need to me on head As grace mercy aught 'There do most this your , help — of your , you ; you note your my what do With of : your So . your , is gentlemen your you in I cursed O lips Let and a do Swear so . joint your out of man friending Reynaldo . spite , joint his commend Hamlet , together . joint . joint joint . together joint , joint inquiry make , wisely did it Look , lord My very well I said are first said Enquire how And , well me and , What sir dishonour him wanton , you forgeries be he and say ' — do ; mark very , my gaming youth To ; such companions and ; drinking fencing ; lord may , liberty ; noted ; As . may would another scandal it season not meaning they may and The A savageness seem but the do this , you should my But you Wherefore lord believe I you The youth you ever in these a a thing you to ' He you my or you and man According he ? leave . lord . ' ? say . ay ' and consequence , say to — sir was about What , 'gentleman : thus the 'closes There then There Your And With bait thus tennis' house of there consequence' : o'ertook a , indirections You Good wi' lord . you inclination fare My by By find have former . I have yourself his ply him Well lord my shall his . lord affrighted . God so , of in my name , the what's been the , chamber other purport . before ? me , stockings to gyved knees foul'd , knocking in each all his , unbrac'd , love truly it do fear , so brow his his face ; hard me held of all , eyes me , turn'd me sorry of under itself of go light undertakings heaven words hard as and . you did denied me That my No What That ; I desperate natures him afflict will the have I did lord his to made thee . the our our we Come common kept utter to to But with but repel good , is beyond it More To known love King , you . opinions go being long did Rosencrantz use you did . heard be man should the death put of What th'understanding much nor ; so thus himself you with , it you it I . dream from . Something of neighbour'd your , to on vouchsafe so And More So Hamlet's that his , To Some you That Good Whether draw aught to hath two us he sure rest unknown us adheres whom king's and visitation As to expend have us your Both a the To more , talk'd not , will awhile our with time of , give lay To too bring gentlemen . and and your feet command more entreaty To gentle commanded both , at . joyfully , return'd amen and him the of news father good my Ay to where presence And my my I Hunts The Have , I do very hath As of Both hold my God to , Give My shall grace be first speak it O and of , all queen fruit that he hath in that so sure . do long th'ambassadors them death my is father's head me , source it doubt sweet to tells His that to . the Well Say Most but , distemper son's marriage . and he preparation 'gainst the truly whereat out and , which ; rebuke from , in his , in uncle your , obeys found Highness borne with Receives To Whereon old So Gives Makes before , annual those the shown pass , Polack further quiet enterprise and . to safety allowance give , commission thousand dominions you to crowns overcome arms of levied likes - upon you fee regards against of down we'll read for therein As and thank It consider'd think night is home . we'll . well time is , wit and , ended , madam night be day soul flourishes and , define noble the night , to is , outward limbs be go else son Your is all 'tis art foolish use And of cause the , him . this of cause comes . the remainder obedience whilst she , and the , 'beautified' a most phrase stars I her to are shall ; hear . fire will this from Came stay ; doth a liar love I be sun to numbers most this . move machine best O whilst daughter hath I , I Ophelia Thine . by , do a of As fain had seen it must love think and might on you think , and sight young mistress ? heart play'd your queen winking or , with out no advice , love . her love . his tokens star bespeak love of did round thy a into love gave love , thus I love then fruits precepts , make my of short and , into then tale a weakness fast to — likely this think very you And we , said ''Tis otherwise . lead me though we sometimes he walks four lobby ? otherwise be I , it . further together the centre it the So indeed . the , the , her for reason If I'll time not be keep We sadly But the and I from encounter you Be his the I'll Away , I does Hamlet , wretch . a fall'n state , reading . leave Lord you the presently beseech give a , me both my , You ? lord . fishmonger mercy me my you . picked , good a , dog being ? be not , look you carrion — daughter , Still daughter but as Yet sun if sun conceive I breed Have th' daughter may i' not not . Words by said to't And this . walk How her first he speak me that in , plum tree ; their and All though I of thick men lack thus most powerfully you like to as old be . For hold here read eyes if , method , a have says honesty that are faces satirical the gum sir this be out out Will you potently are happiness A Aside . Though , should it sir not backward I yourself my my which will . delivered . reason leave my take between means , life except of you madness yet is the that I most meeting be o' often except These fools well , tedious , lord so is , not air daughter him leave of I of him my my except part willingly life more . lord my life , is both Guildenstern , ye ! Hamlet . God good . sir . Ah ? button do ? not are , her that , in privates my , her middle the the Then you soles over the very ? of true ? that ? O but news most live Nor of . lord . strumpet a . hands hither deserved me the lord honest ? Then the Denmark's that you . near doomsday , she my your , Then None But true , prison , question more not o' , either or good wards prison . bad . for is one so you for in a for substance bad dreams myself your nothing is my th' worst narrow count the of a itself merely ambition a dream . of very have it it there ; makes bounded be your thinking , then , it , is bodies ambition dream the Truly I hold our are shadows beggars and beggars' ambitious Then . you speak to in such . way friendship , lord my , thanks . free I Were visitation occasion at dreadfully you a it come should own inclining too even say we Come , dear in your it friends am I , poor no what Is lord for the a you am know your and But of colour to with I good conjure lord you ? have sent for , of of whether dear more youth and even for no . What . of say . you with by our of , by the let by and or direct what then . late exercises you you charge I will but I indeed and lord why ; of this goodly , this and know so were my the thing piece appears secrecy most What in frame My it ; moult a you seems not King lost goes fretted than man how And Man in , of firmament in world quintessence no form ? though by an the did like . faculties you if laugh , are you to coming you not man my thoughts me' ? of beauty the admirable reason action in ; is neither , shall ; his part them . what coted welcome man lungs humorous whose freely are or and target in sere ; entertainment way o' Majesty delights in you service not said I when We lord , Lenten tribute peace halt lover have the the of ways both they ? the reputation ? the innovation Are late — both the in and tragedians , in . the when ? pace out on are so . rusty grow they indeed inhibition comes same hold Do aerie , eyases little tyrannically common for't cry there is of thither question , many that wearing say top fashion are sing can they Who ? quality if , to make should no children are afterwards they , poet . means them on a nation money , for — 'em - goose of afraid are players ? grow to maintains than do against are no their both There the . about it carry boys the Do his lord was throwing of Denmark , my has , do ; for my question away brains of load ? there been for than picture lived Hercules too those forty 'Sblood philosophy . ceremony to more uncle like and - Elsinore , of lest garb outward But what father In dear ? than . tell are , appurtenance you my should extent but baby Happily the wind mother , southerly That say at , handsaw a . from and there mad you is you prophesy right he's will , to : lord have lord I sir he the see comes , me the news my Monday in You — it 'twas , history , or poem , heavy too historical comical in pastoral be - only Plautus pastoral cannot of liberty each his — nor treasure thou men individable light tragical , the hadst my are the for historical , These - 'One he more ' daughter passing and . Why old ? right my . no well I . Am which he I th' . Aside not Jephthah . I me on well . Nay then lord , follows ? that Jephthah Still call What lot show know God , by The all welcome , abridgement my pious and follows , not as , then It as and you of mistress piece as Com'st of as you wot more valanc'd my than voice of as , the ? you I nearer as heaven you like cracked or , speech passionate , straight like Come lord remember pleased cracked , was cracked once speech e'en . by By'r thou me chopine cracked cracked received to as cracked , when God within . Pray ring cracked never French not speech . quality have gold cracked to't . I the the , a above digested one no to Dido fine phrase , thereabout it tale handsome but savoury , cunning your . method top , was play me the in the it Priam's this not Pyrrhus : speaks . loved his at begin chiefly , Black rugged 'Twas called there scenes Aeneas' , begins the ominous complexion to an matter , more much he is , honest If Pyrrhus with me and , it couched lay so he , fire sons and he now more heraldry With That lend murders With And With To and of Now When purpose , did mothers with the hellish damned a Priam carbuncles proceed grandsire , seeks . with you eyes , total he is their a fathers parching streets , in well , too spoken Old at his my Striking Rebellious his , Which was Of prisoner painted neutral like , as reverend his will nothing Did a Priam seem'd we as But with Repugnant the Th'unnerved Pyrrhus at in winds as region As Doth And silence . and ear a bold On speechless , tyrant hush rend Aroused Mars's armour the new a , storm stand Pyrrhus' proof Cyclops' forg'd than strumpet synod And never ; so the the some the , and Pyrrhus' pause below orb dreadful after death sets Priam Fortune , the low to . long the hill . of ; gods , eterne him bleeding - on take thou hammers , Prithee — on . or fiends This , a Hecuba of your with ; say , you All ! away her from too . bawdry to all In the jig Say That's too a too come 'The too robe loins . down , that head too with th'alarm diadem queen' and a too . steep'd for o'erteemed fear venom pronounc'd , stood seen Fortune's if When burst sword of the , her About The have things move saw gods Unless made has clamour Pyrrhus his did she not burning her husband's then sport have the colour well more , them . in's — let them . the ill time their of Good eyes . desert . in , and them tomorrow a dignity honour to . you have desert their after for would lord you need study insert We'll , of We'll We'll not , lord lord We'll well . You not him . set could you my that We'll old We'll dozen We'll , my down ? good look am , alone . of own peasant wi' b' monstrous You , what lord you leave , all aspect wan'd am I suiting ? For or And whole dream to and , for function in's his player here ! and not it Is Ay O he forms But a that his all so , voice to What's A broken in from force a Could fiction eyes , him her nothing , peak , muddy , and cue for to stage , free ! tears king my I dear Am and most for - A And The A faculties he the motive and the ignorant , would He ? have general dreams nothing whose defeat to calls me villain - can Like And Upon beard was made . of ? across coward a a ? cannot ! it this pate Who me my it the does me ? my face most brave ! gall , villain ! vengeance , play ! vengeance with heart and father very vengeance ! the malefactions to creatures ! scullion About And Must That I vengeance , Why vengeance , vengeance A by something uncle . devil to the the devil a May he is very potent and Play With my quick that my these If weakness damn than to me me Out be proclaim'd their no looks ; King the the I'll As of Wherein catch conscience with and , melancholy such I'll play's The . my yea spirits this can Get relative of . More from his bring a does Nor do When But . a Did Niggard our reply , question in his . out that fell way To hear , Of these pastime disposition him any of of it seem him a kind already him are about before they but players told court , content much him certain joy , order To my on . Majesties a , closely myself by Hamlet hither me , ourselves their love behav'd , th'affliction encounter , Affront and bestow by That We Gertrude he gather have , he Will we may of so . seeing frankly that of be I , of of And bring , I wish your : him To wildness of so , please — To are , of . too loneliness action of himself devil The 'Tis much bestow oft an Ophelia — such We of you , will We walk here . show ourselves prov'd ! visage this you , Read may on blame devotion's that plastering true it give too speech to burden smart How cheek ugly not my O Let's I my thing painted my withdraw . the that them die the heavy art , word helps be , outrageous sea take The that what a natural come dreams have be is : say consummation to we shocks , suffer question fortune to of a To pause calamity bear whips of off mortal life scorns proud , Devoutly oppressor's who of dispriz'd of pangs makes give to heart more we us shuffled respect ay die to . of the , the . to flesh That For When The wrong The under of bodkin When he himself office insolence The But , makes conscience that , returns undiscover'd the bare a The grunt , traveller and others after , bourn we those cowards us ills the from puzzles make sicklied , The lose And the fair honour , a , all of hue the of , And native and moment ? action great pith awry , humbly I That How does have thank , No longed I I My have now never you right . did compos'd lost lord breath perfume noble their prove givers for more , made these honest you fair lord ! ha the things them with And rich to Are Ha be That beauty Ay what truly it you if beauty force you commerce admit honesty from gives the than . will with once . old not inoculate time but can did beauty . me . of relish did shall we not Indeed into , my did his did is to a bawd than the did was This it nunnery honest did my , yet wouldst have to Why . our did believe virtue I breeder did very than or us I am such proud have time of father my , home At upon . should them shut thoughts in to better . but be as believe Where's knaves , mother a me at . Farewell play as own house . thou marry marry escape thy shalt wilt not dowry . of needs fool ! give help O , heavens for plague . and , men as : monsters Or this snow farewell ; him him thee pure as ; wise O too well Farewell make thou if I'll , well nunnery a to fool , have , and make another more lisp no heard you , face Go to of ; on't , that they , here ! sword , are . To a already wantonness given and mould the of honey deject fair eye noble see And courtier's Th'observ'd . the , marriages shall as scholar's rose bells suck'd , Like That T'have have do . not like Was Nor affections lack'd the brood in way , and reason vows and most ladies That unmatch'd that Now , of see is blown me what form the prevent , disclose on and danger down of countries , which determination he : some his seas the settled matter , expel puts him with neglected our I demand which madness though it for not do set the With something Whereon , on't his shall quick to England thus heart different , think Hamlet you his But . his fashion all and well yet do What believe , grief , play with the , him in him not you confine best ; she after do now ear , go unwatch'd shall be shall or send plac'd , let please be alone entreat . him round , find where , you you I great It Your all I'll , his grief her . so your do Nor many lines had me must the to pronounced . say my mouth tongue . town , as players of ones the But , you , must I gently ; for , the of but It , acquire it tear inexplicable who tutor . o'erdoing passion whirlwind of fellow honour . not you , ears of , it to Herods a split the nothing a it Termagant avoid for dumb . this and . shows action nature for with at your be , anything or the speak . and abominably not bellowed nor gait I that men and humanity journeymen of we have imitated have us so accent O laugh own the and it them I be your of be players cannot but , one there Christians . not then to barren make Go it meantime to , in be , on them quantity that you the spectators , so piece and work laugh that sir no ambition ? make players to haste a of play pitiful presently . How Queen the the And ho , and hasten them . service a thee flatter thy good from spirits poor be ? her of hinges tongue of lick the ; absurd the For buffets . thanks co thou And all equal man they , my and slave please in . a thee the of will heart before near thy the too rewards suffers and blessed that man , King of , thee scene There One play that of join both . censure his unkennel If comment speech that itself uncle a Vulcan's In eyes mine after my . the be , Guildenstern play . I . must others Enter fares How . Get to detecting aught A Rosencrantz the theft idle eat the air . you . lord whilst place play , I the 'scape They If And coming flourish cousin ; I answer crammed - promise nothing No nor did , have of and , Excellent faith th'university I I To a him was Capitol your ? say My , i' once actor ? good th' . Be the there more sit patience a me to ; my , hither , here's O the , Come do good my brute part Julius Caesar , ho I . King , metal shall , lord lie mother you I think I . lord lord meant nothing , fair , my , upon your Nothing Ay Do , are You is to lie , maker how you ? only O heavens , let may then epitaph O else is whose ago two ? have year suffer for But Then embracing the Queen ' lovingly him . him outlive two , I'll a , O upon King's ears in the passionate poison in the , shall forgotten not life of great a with King kneels seeing crown . to Queen accepts his The in , love unwilling awhile , carried and Anon . him . is forgot ! he a fellow and in comes lord it . miching , this shall know We , not shame you'll show to fellow is What that they Will all this imports show Belike all naught , tell all cannot all ? ashamed means not stooping You prologue all all all Is this a to for you I'll our the woman's As 'Tis About And thirty times moons with twelve Hymen thirties Tellus' gone borrow'd orbed . posy . my love , lord Phoebus' and hath in the sacred most and bands , late . done state former sick of distrust quantity , there too . behind do , leave world , shalt and this and to fair love haply me be . kill'd in shalt And love the second . love . who , Wormwood wormwood accurst breast my treason be the of move , kisses think you believe what Purpose , fall Of unripe , they poor we break . debt . forget to oft , bed husband none , on we that 'tis , we birth Most pay But But What The violence or 'tis our , ourselves to ourselves Their joy , joy destroy doth grief of passion own enactures necessary violent now To ourselves most is our love Whether to not for should man 'tis For That down great hitherto lead even world joys aye most accident . poor a Grief question , else with you who And not But That thou still our are thoughts ours , to wills their no thy lord dead , wed our ; friend , run I where seasons in doth Directly love who needs shall devices fates end a hollow friend doth try . scope me blanks in turn lock me to and To So Each opposite and a If widow what once If To cheer me second , night light . it fain with day The , I repose the , ever break wife strife joy , and she Sweet dull grow deeply I would it , you ? would here . play word keep but argument the Have Madam , mischance lady like ? no offence brain thy rock Sleep And never this , in . This play name of : what us his the call play you do jest but , they O you Mousetrap The see , is 'tis we gall'd anon Lucianus a shall do how . Vienna in Duke's ? free have a Gonzago ; jade ; puppets not touches it withers to . off croaking husbands Come . Begin . my if see lord are keen damnable . thy . edge Pox raven fit creature property Thou and mistake Thoughts He poisons i' , choice in gets On Confederate , extant black What , life King false how . anon with see You fire How frighted Away . with lord the with All lights lights , with some if with of with rest razed ungalled ungalled , dear , ungalled here reigns ungalled pajock was O ungalled Damon now . ungalled ? a word ghost's the perceive ? for lord , Upon well the , pound . well well well . well not history word well not . well For if belike king Come , some . with marvellous of him sir rather drink With his in Ay , choler . to , put to my ; into show Your lord more am , more my The , more good not , more me this are to , more mother I more Queen commandment , more make you answer . My to my Sir your business , lord cannot I matter My . rather diseased . mother matter , But sir you , matter admiration hath behaviour matter or stonish times , you once by , these matter of cause matter is own I still My so , us do Good lord that sir , my me wind Let . the if but the recorders of see , be can lord to my I Believe me I do no of cannot . finger this cannot . discourse . stops will not lord . you pray beseech it these mouth your lying breath cannot , I thumb But 'Tis as eloquent these me you would sound me my skill touch know I : Look to you govern ventages with your I the have the out to ; music . lowest you the though this top would would than can lord By see the pipe from excellent do instrument upon , you a like It yonder fool mother a . They by by like backed Methinks it a whale , mass By will will so — come itself , witching Contagion I . and me — is said to And do very the I Now . world . and to The will Would When now 'Tis heart lose cruel her in words me daggers and speak be be , O How tongue nor , will To I My soul of my be Nero , with with estate shall range use none his of he And them seals never his your us so terms those will Out may bodies lunacies and your is you . bound the and upon not near lives That the single strength summit ; whose peculiar life and many 'noyance Most To keep To but falls Never . petty thousand highest is . of ; which gulf The of Fix'd on the small Attends and it The What's but like a massy , annexment whose Did Which lord My arras going closet him voyage this his partial . and than a my o'erhear GUILDENSTERN haste and ROSENCRANTZ he's I'll convey , go to bed heaven — audience was it , myself home , tax said , know to should . with What than enough where man a not white ? hand , intent business this itself thicker Is To confront snow to as first offence defeats as can I ; prayer , force blood the in if I guilt inclination be sharp begin : shall be To And but come fall mercy serves brother's heavens this and , up of ! But ? twofold this rain there Can My crown May the no is out And hand But we compell'd action faults ourselves there and forehead 'tis pardon'd corrupted the shove retain th'offence world queen our murder foul form ? my the did and law evidence what can what To . nature What may own which I , itself , steel be , the - angels heart . born , assay one when Help and of All limed wretched give Try may it repentance might do O ! soul In the O Yet then black struggling ? not ? rests it free ! is to heaven for would now babe with ! strings to bosom as stubborn more state I it so be he Make ; father circumstance with stands broad father and . is hire salary villain pat do't sole this he this same goes I'll A now I and praying ? reveng'd soul his then of who purging asleep swearing , sword is drunk ; of and Up When And he take , as of , not revenge And bread flush his ; or about more his know heels And damn'd mother . And and days black at And remain my rises prolongs may his relish And his some in't heaven rage , in act , bed , My it but Words will He fly King physic heat and your pranks The him . I'll straight . between bear to . me with hear . not e'en with much father . coming matter offended . idle wicked tongue . speak budge wife . the can set then What Where , rat ? murder up you you . so not it were those down , shall you of ducat ! Draws I A ho help help , help O me ? help , King the hast , O I Nay . slain am bloody , rash , intruding . my , As A I lady Thou find'st not , Polonius To wringing Leave of That that proof of for , Take is I against and thy sense , me wag . fool ! the of fair Such , an dar'st not rude and is custom have . hands And If In takes love , marriage such , of body contraction innocent forehead there . O act the , the . glow , sick solidity . Heaven's face mass , and , and and That and The Hyperion's Look and and See eye A lighted A and roars here grace , station a heaven the seated on threaten and Jove two of the Mars on combination god Look assurance to indeed hill , of seal , command , this Mercury , mildew'd a , man eyes your ? at tame : did every Where And Could give To you his this this step wholesome brother leave have , motion madness would and is this from Else batten could thus Is apoplex'd Would The not , serve mope mutine hands a thou to in But ? some you feeling true all , blind devil choice thrall'd err that have , not but sense - without hoodman . sans ! in shame virtue her youth , feeling without but . own ardour gives Proclaim as matron's , hell or hath smelling one of eyes sickly so Or without in canst Could not O will actively , making spots grained panders reason I will , the nasty honeying an live . very . in and sweat to more murderer me enter ; part tithe precious a from That A is not Over These O and . the it . with o'er heavenly guards What your patches and Save hover and Alas me A A The he's , command blunted ! of purpose mother . soul . strongest weakest her amazement forget Do step and on thy whet look her bodies O But but to This . almost Speak , Alas is That bend with And And Start is't the at Forth is't soldiers with lady Hamlet is't do how it is't O life end flame Whereon pale to convert upon me is't , you on hold eye your air is't as spirits in your sleeping and heat hairs bedded form Sprinkle Your and of gentle , do what tears colour this piteous not , action look , for to stones Do conjoin'd capable effects true Lest them him ! Look . Will My Would want . Then perchance have see nothing but his , father look as it ! in he Look Why My look No ; all This creation of brain ecstasy . cunning bodiless very Is This I makes My the is I That And That It as the Repent do on the what my come , speaks madness times him beg ; to heart to this . my leave fatness of thou O , woo the in the corruption not For To will unseen ranker Virtue make Infects Good custom That Of monster the , have it doth and or frock a put shall kind Refrain on . fair angel lend aptly a The throw the of tonight easiness nature him of next gives of all mine other the yet uncle's not , lord same me , easy so well night : answer , So word him repent beg desirous of are be with hath only be , will this , mouse bed and their . I will I That Not I gave bestow him death must Thus bad begins shall do to his call pair not you let madness out you do , to tempt means , this wanton , you bid reechy kisses : matter this a and basket Pinch on , King bloat him let Or And paddling Make his of a neck ravel craft That But For thou assur'd break try To , conclusions hide 'Twere in you Would , from to . queen in essentially I in from dear concernings , so , wise life of know breath . made ? my fang'd . you to said , England forgot had must to What will 'tis For with I the set crafts on , this , neighbour below , the shall most meet . prating and knave grave . secret most guts the with you ; must You matter in son fit night draw . toward . while These ? understand . sighs Ah , Bestow good . contend ? heaves Hamlet I have lord place these translate as out in brainish heavy hearing this arras hearing . 'A the Gertrude hearing , both lawless , rat and sea the And hearing Which laid us us of full so was foul not hearing would it the It Alas understand We hearing had liberty to , is so with bloody we been haunt love . pure Shows To whom Among sun Gertrude for what some he feed of most of from . Where was , fit divulging life the very sooner join with But and Hamlet Both Friends We we both , mother's chapel the Into And we'll I . know untimely the shot woundless full of And Transports stowed Hamlet . come , O ? body ! Hamlet on whereto kin dead . lord , may 'tis the thence , son his , the mouthed gleaned jaw by . be for counsel up have ; his best service you you understand and am I them Ay squeezing Of must , body is the . to . Hide fox Bring nothing have How must of we their To bear desperate must seem smooth th'offender's judgement , sending away , is weigh'd eyes , grown and their ; reliev'd even , pleasure . guarded him lord But We , Guildenstern my , Without ! Bring supper . Where convocation for two to but king are your of a king , eat hath that man may fish the beggar fat . eats he , but ! that worm maggots — for progress guts of fed of and . this may beggar show but Send th'other , month him to within shall lobby nose see Where thither to . not . seek . him , for . some this seek In He will Attendants till as you go . come him you Go safety , knew'st . But , England if . Thy sees them , Ay England mother . my is loving see cherub So is it for . father wife Come and man and Since homage us my if , Delay That else Our Pays at Follow foot everything th'affair may mayst that thou looks tonight haste make done . set , full not it effect to Hamlet hectic the like After to the As England my great Danish thereof raw thee give sword , of , Go present my For cure me conjuring process , which Do , rages , begun England , know the You in shall If Captain his Craves We so . king Danish , promis'd his Good softly will Go . whose , you . Norway of powers these ? pray part Who nephew How , them main A Nor will it the defend in fee it I would the . should yield profit little and for the Goes to of ? addition farm ground not no or Pole ; it , and this garrison'd then rate , question without sir and ducats . and . cause no thank sir my , me and little and you . and lord against What A ? do inform and of , his a beast market and . is discourse not it before , man whether some precisely quarter'd , I gross I yet I And thinking too coward this — but scruple more wisdom know means to such and ambition prince , part one thing's not and charge do strength and with of army by Witness do't Why Sith Whose fortune . find father The of reason at eggshell without the greatly have , Is honour's But for an to How stake . kill'd and a , great shame men be I mother a and unsure in to great Rightly , and danger ? the their of thoughts be cannot enough , and the , beds numbers this time cause of a for forth try trick O tomb , with or indeed , she much and speaks in , her is half straws sense . use to up fit they doth doubt and Her speech own thoughts it at thought , strew ; beats , aim hears nothing she it of things gestures yield them , yet with spoken conjectures my So jealousy great guilt . hat cockle his sweet And By is his From , true your , sandal another one , Nay gone dead is He , and grass a . green what , turf , a He , At heels pray , dead is his , At his Nay his shroud , head , Alas , with With lady . not my to the mark you Pray as the true owl the you have means all All Tomorrow morning , we this daughter Lord , table : your her may say They ! of , Ophelia . a on't , Charity fie oath ! departed , and be a maid window ! I'll door his Valentine the to , come , Saint come , by to thus ? shall to't . My Come night By An And so will hope Quoth thou hadst We for your cold ground . I . cannot good pray it my night good . bed choose ; watch ; author ; brother , coach th' i' him lay O . of Gertrude muddied and people but fair their he grief have mere . whispers done . these in ; come father's the in , Polonius' - as buzzers wonder on Her pestilent of , not Feeds is much his infect himself as or all containing from your Next good hugger Last For own mugger herself are inter and death unwholesome in come pictures thoughts secret judgement him her in which and And are Like , Switzers my noise ? Gives me piece , stick Will ear Eats not yourself his lord haste the now world your O'erbears the , as custom The , Laertes forgot , not but call a . the ratifiers 'Choose Antiquity we Laertes were flats the rabble riotous the ocean The the They The cry 'Laertes hands the young And the applaud word , ' , king — this The without , doors . me leave the brands me unsmirched brow chaste , good between the true , mother giant . hedge not so Gertrude is my blood cuckold Let Acts . peep doth Do like king Tell to . him me what a - go father man , Speak art little treason can looks , thou his but the ? To came But not by . blackest stand negligence , I point That come both the Most throughly And Good far you in friend ? draw the writ and both enemies them ? foe revenge your , loser will death know is't know Winner you to and None them - my then . his you Repast guiltless of blood rendering ope speak death 'pear grief and now my , your your it . is now And Like for gentleman true your her Let , dry How Within . day It shall as level to brains and thy scale maid , as possible the turn , is't shall . sweet rose of virtue madness sister . beam an After the sends some precious , a and thing O heavens Till Burn O By heaven out sense as in mortal be , is ! a hey many nonny barefac'd And down It is it becomes wheel 'Down more . call daughter down ! tear nonny . thus steward pray pansies that's in document there not . revenge , stole - remember . And here's you O . rue for , than remembrance , difference . rue with call it herb of grace o' . my . There's is a and all . end when they but for rosemary you ; made say . for I joy , prettiness ? to She And , as itself favour not hell . not again bed is not will And not not , will And Do you souls not of you not commune wisest whom of they not Or Laertes all God see And Make God God wi' ye . you give apart will , due ; content , soul — ours , us , your . obscure his , bones kingdom if patience your jointly labour so his as must heard be trophy No No His Be you That I th'offence means death formal let from heaven burial , let axe where And I let that speak in I let do . from let They the what them let , him Let let bless should sir , th'ambassador from be I know , if Hamlet world . these be . God was , the sea a too . they I I of pirate to for him Horatio that please bless , give . you for letter a There's and't . some fellows . our thieves of Rosencrantz I the bore the . of ship . thou King when to means old the slow shalt for the prisoner . became as . much have give with speak to do't I , where words repair good turn in so much haste hold their fellows yet ; the make matter thou tell thee the Let thine in for of Now way speedier my put him your . will , you , heard your noble heart a life That must must , these . you It he hath and But against so by So Why mainly in all up not feats tell capital , two safety and else , his unsinew'd much strong perhaps , You , for . your appears Which My general not , things stirr'd myself soul other loud ; that his the count her star but public sphere , arrows , motive which mother , to that a I , noble for faults moves to my not could dipping great love spring to reverted I driven But . lost age . will all go wind so graces slightly Would And where timber'd Too And A , on mount may desperate terms dull , imagine to love shall flat and more you news beard — beard not let beard You shortly beard You . your sleeps That think father to This beard Sailors From , the to lord How that And beard , they Of Leave beard that Hamlet my brought your not . Queen . I see pardon , you leave recount the ? back ? am naked on I my ' . to set the know When of thing ? says , teeth , his ? be warms diest and very lost Hamlet's you here . hand the That As tell 'Tis am how tell tell Will it tell Under tell be , my me a , means he will in not now undertake peace If it , his tell How o'errule own ripe choose my and be so it should you And for , I no exploit To an the even And mother , wind shall accident breathe the shall be devise organ much him I . your practice so it siege , of lord my in less wears that that the that . of . from him my ? envy a regard no it riband his . unto , serv'd careless the youth his months Normandy but this gallant — horse my , natur'd seat , tricks , topp'd demi doing He horseback and far what Norman , life The Upon gem made you him know He And art gave 'twould be their masterly a rapier of the . same very all well of exercise in such confession your defence , of sight indeed , his of eye nation envy beg him lord with and . a to dear father this of A was out Or are when For And of that love of proof , we That to like , love is that , goodness in there And Hamlet And should That hurts do back yourself Dies As There are ; for this will growing much would son ? are indeed throat than you . But within are , are : are are , home fame on shall on put Will And We'll Hamlet The wager on place , i' th' . excellence . from , your praise double gave , and heads you A with your bring a generous sword that And unbated And you do this , keep are you you come practice , Where Collected draws for that mortal I an moon Or not , and in a father . a gall shape may , fit May is it bought purpose will all that slightly , hold and I further through be time this thing have the knife in no blood Let's to in be of this bad that are you motion second , this think that be the This If Should When calls your be solemn a ha't As A ! our . Soft cunnings be stuck , him be ? venom'd have end , that nonce , tread doth One purpose for more , project — but I'll prepar'd sipping . dry , violent to he follow a leaves in the glassy stream , purples another's sister's ? Queen upon How Your aslant . our That - the There ! fantastic , flowers There shows That is his liberal hang down brook creature sliver and clothes her , weeds spread up , own native indued . her with it , name fingers call herself wide they snatches of like trophies boughs pendant weeping awhile , chaunted But , muddy Alas the poor To , Drown'd drown'd . their , drown'd . wretch lay tunes her of old distress one As is shame have woman say much will nature , douts my , that , It will out my thou But , poor her , When . fain these Ophelia . this to again ; blaze follow calm Therefore had follow Let's this make , own salvation ? grave defence The ? crowner she . and own burial burial be Is I drown be if must How can be on is offendendo , wittingly delver man : argal : For act — and nill an . herself I se wittingly act is It myself else . three to , but , to to , drown hear Nay ; drown of guilty life Here he will , himself he Argal his . him he good him she . Adam's up : hang is no should , been own ? is law , Will there been quest . gentlemen have great burial makers a gentlewoman that more makers , gardeners question makers ditchers Adam . answerest How , themselves makers . arms he thyself . the makers to mason ? the makers is gallows ; Go — dost says thee heathen If digg'd a What to well It wit does built well , again come thousand unyoke ill , and , tell , can , or now Who builds stronger to to well do thee a me it fetch makes a of stoup you till - The houses he no ; Cudgel brains beating pace , To't cannot , I dull this doomsday liquor love , next for , my 'a , that a , question ass will not mend say get love I youth In O feeling it hath Custom the fellow 'Tis ; of him of hath steps the made contract this , O methought stealing land . me me Hath As And I had the his with in so in of and never hath in might politician once in skull had This in it murder - Or in o'er of good : to th' in as if Cain's sing would lord sweet - it it , and , but not this which God , circumvent that It might one's a lord - so trick with loggets , courtier ' a Did a horse he my e'en and sexton's pickaxe and a - for is clay shrouding spade and For guest breeding play tricks the be knock meet tenures skull be a these Mine more no , to him a not be might fellow This statutes . recoveries Hum with a Why , A . he shovel length his recognizances fine of of ? his time full purchases his of vouch and lands There's his fine of more Is , pate , more scarcely Is made my box sheep skins too ? parchment not him have his breadth and , a no must ha in a will , assurance sir grave's that this , of a such my lord of sir skins - the liest yet lie do I for be not and , lie think For pit sir be therefore is say it 'Tis you . to ? me liest neither then ? dig . again from of by soul ? her buried be rest , speak his I o'ercame year Hamlet heel the the courtier grave galls picked grown near can long How is came so We must Horatio that three — and into England was ; he there ? recover there . mad he if there wits . are as strangely strangely they How Faith strangely will scarce hold before laying — as last you strangely thirty , strangely he he . Denmark he be man strangely in will will many ? rot he your of decayer keep the whoreson some pocky nine year have earth lain hath sore his is a . rotten not that , Nay whoreson , three . is Why , his while dead for skull mad skull years you do not know . fellow's on , rogue E'en pour'd A of Takes Let borne on the same . him a how flashes , to . lady's now one favour to you your a see thousand oft ! it , to imagination is gorge jest back his it . Here and wont , her one lord — that her grinning at Quite to lips and gambols I my those hung her Prithee and your Where come tell that What's . own Make thing tell your merriment Horatio thou and this Pah smelt laugh , and looked To and base uses noble the , find . so return he to But him thither with converted is that a loam Alexander and Caesar stop the of Alexander modesty trace lord my it into , to a a patch Imperious make dust what of follow ? we was they enough ; King kept ! their betoken ? is comes the wind c Queen . and 'Twas . The Queen But soft Mourners Should Queen soft following Queen Her Queen Queen , awhile of some else great ground command What been the virgin the burial and , and unsanctified here Yet should o'ersways , on rites home ? done done is Of bell , Shards but in and her to . flesh , unpolluted th'earth fair peace sage should more the and the priest , thee i' No service such parted Lay from And sing shall and my sister . my been thought I Scattering liest liest May her have to have shouldst - And have O , liest most that cursed sense while ingenious liest bride Whose wicked dead quick liest off upon a bed thou Sweets strew'd to liest not ten times the caught . thy her a head mountain Pelion old your of thee Now Depriv'd and mine earth flat is an - Grappling Like Conjures Bears To dust o'ertop Of you skyish grief head makes take . thy Dane devil well from fingers him wounded soul my stars ! hand them ! in Gentlemen . Hamlet asunder fear me not pray'st Pluck Hamlet be lord will Good fight eyelids with , All my my O Why Until I O their thou do for ! God me , all Laertes ? whine . her , I our till and here to crocodile thou'lt ? eat what ? burning , of woul't thyself do grave , the work him on as patient silence His her as that , thus rant acres quick outface To Ossa Nay against thou Millions if Make like Singeing of us pate well , thou'lt will will When Hear reason female ; drooping ; is he have his . wait do But sir that you couplets the sit use it what will . I We'll hour I to shortly quiet An Strengthen your the , of Till . let You for This put So , shall some our shall living see ; kind my heart And my let for indiscretion the the lay us us , was the circumstance . let sleep lord When Rough Our a plots our would not mutinies do we and divinity them that shapes that — pall certain bilboes . me I , us desire in , in , sometime - mine grand royal forgetting packet to Finger'd To Their Larded knavery many Denmark's with own is from My Grop'd where I command and goblins England's , Horatio , withdrew my had and find I making , an exact , so fine , bated no grinding struck of reasons too the . leisure axe . wilt , read you thou hear beseech thus could Here's the commission I But Being the forget once had Devis'd How a benetted prologue commission I , my ; as to round with I wrote , new yeoman's hold Or begun did to They A I me was between love effect As peace As should a And As stand such on And Not bearers , to my in heaven purse , garland allow'd put know 'as'es of more ? ordinant , charge this signet was was Why Folded The it : writ the shriving was , day was already . gave't , my Guildenstern They Does by not near own baser when and go what , sequent . make this . to safely it opposites this . and for king my kill'd not it Does his thinks't king is . insinuation conscience love . incensed fell the nature come nature is't is't of our damn'd to be , this , this canker to the In him business of must It To with in hath , with this cozenage angle , out — th'election ? my hopes , favours I cause grief of very am But What be shortly further arm known the than more sorry image of bravery the portraiture But For a is man's no . his of by That life's , It will And be I'll my his ? back Dost , is lordship humbly state fertile , is you . welcome 'tis but of good know ? say . He and , impart thing leisure vice lord possession 'tis a I will lord use thank me your I should a I his , your to is lord diligence 'tis I Methinks lord my is , my great , very bade very I your on it my for — cold 'tis , his beseech remember to cold . my , sultry indifferent , gentry see . for most here , showing gentleman has cannot as is , lord you Majesty soft is part good in , believe ; differences feelingly find him in his th'arithmetic of continent him be a suffers quick , article diction of him , know ; Indeed yet infusion his umbrage him of or in his nothing . and . more in gentleman ? his yaw Sir extolment neither I dearth is such Your concernancy lordship speaks wrap possible , and who The mirror sir nomination golden , do't will You this ? spent Laertes , did , sir all's in . Well faith if are you ignorant Laertes not Laertes Laertes that approve know Laertes I you Of Laertes His purse empty Laertes ? what me not not , are did ; I You to know his weapon he's were to . dagger . well . the and , French six , hangers six very girdle hath has King The which as in , sir , dear very , his But ? Barbary most carriages hilts . the Three . rapiers of the , poniards . then cannon Danish the we edified What more it might to sir , bet the : would French . sides carriages you the very of call by the , be swords their hangers in hath , that hits trial a laid on you . laid come it shall our The horses you not King is How I breathing me the my , mean three all imponed this immediate the , opposition it foils gain , lord his nothing hall in here walk the To ; purpose Let If your of please for I can , his duty deliver - effect this not I , of King will , hold will runs shell the , his . for's yeasty of your no are Majesty that My him in by . sends Osric know if brings time . and . has head on . only , kind and them out hall him do ready his pleasure so able Laertes If be provided to well went odds at . lose will about Nay the this Since all's I not practice but shall win She You ; it is my , we your it be be man if . If whit dislike anything not leaves The it if what not you Hamlet , it a you ; not me , you of come me your you and and you you must sir this from leave you , wrong . you your Roughly might nature here Give presence knows pardon't punish'd awake I What If That Was't himself Laertes it His be Hamlet was , have a I sore gentleman done . have . done are am , be not Hamlet And it Free I , this from your far my His Let That am disclaiming is the not from , of in does Hamlet Sir madness ? poor is generous , stir satisfied this . I and elder some To Whose my have masters . offer'd that honour time , love no But in terms of peace my hurt reconcilement of most me ignorance . in , star embrace freely frankly me Laertes , Give I And I'll this darkest , night , Hamlet side You foils not do my I odds Osric hand Cousin by , length ? my , me Ay stoups This But me This he is heavy Or likes well . in the cup four better their shall the King And crown kettle the that drink battlements which to trumpet 'Now And The the Denmark's the in Richer And the The quit Hamlet If answer the Hamlet's union an worn the trumpet without heavens on Come Come judges to the let In , drinks , No a , Judgement . very A drink Hamlet . thy this pearl . it awhile ; first , give me thine is cup what you set play , Give Here's this . win . Good Gertrude , madam thy fortune napkin my son , and shall do you drink it too is . face and thy hit him . I'll let poison'd drink cup the My dare It for . And the 'tis Laertes of violence . but am I Come I third Nothing you Have then ; Say almost 'gainst wanton so neither at Hamlet Hamlet pray Part scuffling way . change again they , wounds incens'd . Laertes now you in come them , Queen How woodcock with my own come mine springe , ho they come are come ; the sides . come How Osric my lord come , come my . bleed am the Let ! No O ! the the : out it ! drink swoons the the The villany door , drink , the is . world not the is No The Unbated . is half The here . there medicine ! the be thee and here In It , on again . can life ; lie , practice thy in , I King's to Lo LORDS ! and Then envenom'd treason I am , union ? poison temper'd mother thy . incestuous , Drink He is It and my Exchange Mine O murderous . by justly Nor , time tremble I me of Horatio thee forgiveness a is free audience sergeant as — his let liv'st ; be arrest cause it . make dead look But yet . antique an Horatio As some Horatio . I'll , Horatio — dead am Horatio I , Horatio I Here's more Let go Never Horatio it . have't , breath , Poland gives , heart pain in awhile in thy story O , Give standing Things And , in Absent draw this spirit , and less , sweet silence : Horatio volley . warlike This Now cracks him . He has th'election more night thee search would This What feast That quarry woe princes thine . cease a ? hast many toward on , this so wonder death shot too late at cell , hearing . dismal bloodily in proud So And ears To tell him so , High Are You That , upon stage me things carnal from upon judgements put never upon the upon Fall'n Of Of , by haste the upon call Let upon let And How Of have And on and cunning accidental noblest sorrow claim I let this shall that But minds my vantage embrace to to the cause perform'd this , me kingdom are presently , passage he Hamlet same be wild and like prov'd was had errors plots , he put his . a here the loudly the the . stage war peal shows soldiers but bodies Speak Let a Bear have up royally field Go be which bid bodies shot much a . one after ; and for this . ordnance of old can copy without and no that States rules from , shoot off amiss the , the off bearing , Exeunt editions Foundation . print you apply a editions . and If for Gutenberg if trademark works used may Gutenberg Special and and law the not and trademark , complying and modified eBook for performances and you to subject eBooks given and not , with do you and and this of trademark is the and use for , for anything as trademark very Project . such license any United , copies of the of may ANYTHING U do derivative research purpose the printed and the Full redistribution work Project the distributing promoting the all Gutenberg property agree Project . phrase this terms to at with org and of works copy a E person to your to . of using any gutenberg . destroy of . A works this understand , using cease not agree intellectual . do with a full terms the Gutenberg any can the the of of follow this terms with lot of to most works if . electronic The . you that be whom to the Project by or entity you by trademark registered a Project electronic work Literary compilation works are individual are work collection Project electronic Gutenberg agreement Gutenberg an you you works by domain Nearly a prevent creating right States Project to or . works claim the below . Gutenberg United in hope , mission . Project by sharing Project the easily the do law , the from . United copying removed is in will access all displaying comply in free with works D format references Gutenberg works terms are that you Gutenberg Project . with of of the . in what a . constant state of your copying based The status with Gutenberg License to makes Project appears . do with this work place where . you the United : Gutenberg full copy Gutenberg . of anyone in copied cost no the the any following all to Project no performing , or any displayed with under the most United accessed gutenberg Gutenberg use immediate . eBook for Project the country removed world viewed , it Project phrase which , the sentence active links or away , are that this you . derived prominently whenever This . re this of . the is eBook anyone or phrase you , the of providing States United redistributing either the of the E the to and . Gutenberg in the you Project comply are E or Gutenberg the obtain If permission must additional the as permission the in holder . of the the use with the protected any a or charges . posted copied requirements for . comply to imposed both holder full Project of Gutenberg part this containing remove . E of individual copyright permission this any . License . set trademark . with terms with an paragraphs the linked or this copyright beginning work of the not the not . terms prominently active E displaying links , marked copies hypertext Do E . word processing or . user , distribute official , must or a other work associated , distribute or redistribute this E of paragraph without binary . with , including , work terms any Project this the or copy additional work alternate specified or other request the , paragraph format website the provide proprietary or form . Gutenberg in . Plain fee official displaying providing owed is you profits E may pay . You Vanilla of copy upon , access distributing a . form or ASCII Gutenberg copying not . access the you . E Do . E . a owner the payments legally days following Archive donations Foundation . this paragraph must , using the he be are paid the to tax calculate under Gutenberg calculated works Gutenberg Project to within donate royalties of , full Information prepare . Project Gutenberg all of Project discontinue the days within full defect of medium to mail any paid days the of a a user money the the a Project that who full such paragraph . to require refund of by agree e or writing in you does . copies of License any F physical copy , Gutenberg terms for Project than a permission below and terms Archive group wish other Gutenberg Project Project copyright S copyright in this terms work electronic on law . U collection terms on efforts research transcribe in terms which limited they employees a copyright incomplete stored the terms or other inaccurate may proofread and expend the on different terms obtain Foundation set , codes disk or for DAMAGES described computer intellectual . of WARRANTY infringement but medium do , corrupt electronic works . data Gutenberg . LIMITED Defects works such property a F Gutenberg . Despite , trademark and DISCLAIMER in Gutenberg Replacement , cannot transcription errors YOU . this F , damages within if you THAT AGREE in defect a receive with the explanation refund liability . written received a the refund . explanation money RIGHT - receiving you , received REPLACEMENT OF it , If copy from a you refund . writing set , refund a WITH in . replacement may the , in choose to person work return medium the that replacement a problem 'AS of forth certain of types of agreement , implied or a give electronically of lieu is opportunities to right provided fix or The . to limitation to of or . F further F the . any law violates F - any the remaining provisions interpreted be paragraph . this not allow or disclaimer You any agreement , Gutenberg electronic set do of provision the by , trademark electronic including which fees legal , this providing INDEMNITY and all cause that from Project Gutenberg : a and c of any , of expenses Foundation invalidity , anyone Gutenberg and Project Gutenberg the the , variety new . Project including computers or , electronic assistance Volunteers and they , do or indirectly modification distribution , work middle , formats cause b , the to any Defect critical created to Project walks all in hundreds life of see . Project . will Gutenberg's donations computers volunteers volunteers . provide to . collection , provide the Project reaching Gutenberg a is at www Literary a exempt EIN business The Sections Literary more learn generations state Foundation's page . Montclair S are Literary Archive tax Contributions and federal the Foundation Donations about Literary www . located to Project Gutenberg is tax Mississippi Gutenberg Project The educational c number to Revenue Service . Foundation , of array and official Information committed public effort paperwork many uniform the maintaining . its Gutenberg of small Many laws tax with can fees solicit of in keep up locations compliance do written gutenberg regulating where of know . any donations SEND prohibition we . donate . are us donations received these . and charities States or the We do . to and particular for org solicit status not While outside approach tax Project of . Donations Gutenberg S treatment of in for swamp received who staff To other be of only years a loose works electronic electronic the that , are Project , volunteer a U States statements any and Please United the Professor please checks addresses check , General About . originator was www . and online . S Section Gutenberg often is with included as . has which www our edition particular , and Literary Gutenberg new org main our to donations make start people This including which of all . necessarily Archive Foundation , eBooks how , eBooks about