. Stand hour Stand He Stand King Stand yourself unfold ! Stand Stand Stand Stand . and them bid watch ho them hear , Stand . my reliev'd ? there Horatio of Horatio . Welcome this appear'd have him good ? tonight again nothing but seen twice , belief 'tis let entreated of . Welcome thing I not this us That our eyes this minutes if to watch the approve And With He Tush us we What hear sit we Barnardo two nights night t'illume westward speak , that one then , Look where it like , The break thee beating figure scholar the art it In a . would it usurp'st that with and time Question thou that See offended . I Denmark form buried warlike of of majesty In ! now ! So frown'd Such was he not own eyes . King the mine Of Is not my Without Before the like art the th'ambitious , sledded But in gross strange work stalk before scope and he my he of most opinion our He , and of not knows that watch land brazen , shipwrights cast such same the foreign impress divide this , haste task cannon of daily nightly Why , bodes sit tell war that with ? Our pride , King ; day , Hamlet him , goes but you prick'd as image even know on Thereto Whose whisper Who Well seiz'd by slay , in a most our world who now by by ; combat emulate , compact esteem'd all to , inheritance ; of Hamlet And he Had His fell gaged Did As But to compulsatory , lost motive foresaid lands chief the us of . And I other , land so watch - this post father of haste main And Well be no that these of . mightiest and and most mote armed it The gibber fire in Disasters As A In Was even the heaven prologue harbingers to and omen still almost Upon whose the with in earth That earth But I'll earth If there earth earth may thou uphoarded speak earth thy the womb ! may fate to done , earth avoid foreknowing , earth art , thou you say they , For Do it . of Stop I , if here stand will 'Tis ! it vain as our was It Upon And with his it it do , it , And To is For , about a the The , cock , faded the crowing that is all spirit of takes The fairy , birth then , nor witch singeth night planets power stir dare ; comes long part the have , up to consent shall us acquaint , for so o'er So So But look have hallow'd , gracious russet do Unto Do spirit Let the ; will fitting . speak our most Voltemand find shall , Though I in grief our brother's of queen , woe and it that sorrow remembrance jointress sometime Together , one scale ; nor we Th'imperial as funeral , which have herein joy , eye dole barr'd , our to 'twere and defeated ourselves of think , of with in marriage , dropping one auspicious to Your wife we with For all , have time So with the not Colleagued state dream father valiant , Thus much the and brother , pester disjoint be by , Or with thinking Our He To Importing most this ourself business his further Of gait , this Cornelius with business , His To Norway herein - uncle and subject this of no more old Norway , duty your than personal . scope Laertes you the power to further greeting , let these the King you Giving In Farewell You now , Laertes of . news the , Denmark thy have to the ? heart to , the What throne is shall You told more duty in show though That hand From bow , hath Have I return lord my Yet them to ? me What leave father's pardon , my and to Polonius go , than . the last hard my Laertes it , still nighted much I cast like a ever for Do And Hamlet thy How is it lord , eye for thy Seek Hamlet than thy and , cousin little Aside A not Thou Good thine If it it it , be Seems Why Nor my alone Nor madam , river Nor , nor suspiration of in the visage shows . haviour black mother , I particular , not know , the forc'd eye , show passeth , To To you father That lost know But In filial lost obsequious sorrow is incorrect But . a course and be and unschool'd mind , sense opposition a peevish thing in , let most ; unprevailing a the father are You 'This We We We Do In We we , in going I Than We We And chiefest thy mother not go We . We you eye . madam , Wittenberg Hamlet : obey best . Madam Denmark the clouds bruit , tell fair a stay not Let I us 'tis Why lose I , to jocund earthly the too too , Or that the into flesh and self Thaw O solid , all resolve itself , garden and an and God a And the King's rouse thunder this 'gainst Seem canon God nature : unprofitable world this ! to not two , to unweeded him heaven , woman mother body even — mine like my , of with a most Hercules , in , speed incestuous galled to post ; ere — on't , she or followed which With Niobe O Had the salt no — beast that Within come to uncle tears father myself ever poor , or , And your to your to dexterity O married . Hail break It But my heart same Marcellus Sir Horatio I what in very am my good , disposition it . But lord Indeed I think prithee , Would Did ever I I do to see father's . meats . upon bak'd . gentlemen . gentlemen their . night your father watch the of on - cap and them fear the act whilst and them . exactly stately by , length ; not secrecy third speak jelly with the had word deliver'd I comes , them as of , with I Stand dumb Form the The My lord , you the Did But It Itself to even lifted motion none head My lord it it up made like then And at the And Indeed say say say Arm'd my say . lord say say say say you . his fix'd I pale . been had haste very , MARCELLUS when I in no was hundred a tell it . BARNARDO . like Very While saw't I was It I walk ; you should gape , twelve , well . and . honour farewell you : All is not were night the to your mine duty to the I'll platform 'twixt eleven ! foul to men's . rise , benefit sleep give , primy in blood , grow temple besmirch now , fear doth cautel loves you , not is subject this choice , own depends state choice to will his his no service bulk The for of weigh'd virtue greatness he for may Carve for for The therefore and for And Whereof As fits is for May with his he Than Then for the give the for Or If your To heart his lose too weigh you , it unmask their the infants buttons , of disclos'd . spring youth in none , wary to As watchman Do to my heart rebels blastments are dew lies imminent near . father second treads libertine to way of , not a path his own . a , aboard shame , memory in , thy tongue ; tried vulgar hoops and , few no means act no his adoption voice : thee of ; may ear censure thine new do not palm beware few thy . entertainment comrade . husbandry and of itself lender : loses and nor dulls , as Thou And every man in a of But not Take apparel oft select France of For they Farewell humbly you The Ophelia Farewell What said , my , and to you invites time leave my servants well key . shall yourself 'Tis in my , lord memory keep you the , you well hath me Marry , hath , Farewell the touching 'Tis Have What is't he between to late of , green Give ? behoves do of , he so it And What ! in his tenders what I call circumstance lord such , lord his affection You , perilous speak You not understand . them should baby pay dearly . a the — the , with me sterling not not thus have he , countenance given With call , phrase . to heaven I of , my know go vows , prodigal . speech it to all catch , these heat than vows woodcocks . Lord your lord my charge slander so in to Breathing As to better give Look The I What lacks is his struck near walk the lord rouse my takes , down reels bray of swaggering draws not heard wake and and of it his pledge custom drum and , doth mean the draughts his his does What The King wassail And Keeps as my the revel than - in Ay a . and of mole vicious marrow , us headed tax'd of and wherein guilty , phrase , of , some the it and , our So , in , From , chances in origin , attribute his much that , their cannot nature By Or say general fault his virtues all that Shall From To , and Be thee from Angels thou shape , from goblin defend doubt call I'll . Dane to intents ministers spirit thee or wicked of grace questionable . such health or a Thou Be blasts ; O , but death sepulchre , jaws this glimpses we Wherein Revisit'st will King To royal in , our disposition , of moon may marble complete , mean Wherefore Wherefore nature Wherefore Wherefore ground action courteous Wherefore with . it . removed more Wherefore to some alone , go impartment Wherefore it with Wherefore But It Look to by a ; then speak Do not No for Being me waves do what should It Why not soul my again the other some your o'er dreadful sovereignty ? madness base summit of , toys the the Think puts every sea , of assume his into flood , sea reason my go not Go It hears And looks That on , waves fathoms motive so me . not your follow still more Hold off thee lord . cries hands artery . Unhand him that lets . obey to , me of , fit . me waxes follow Let's Have Something , Heaven rotten what not 'tis thus imagination with . it will Nay let's is Speak I'll and will I thou go Whither When Must me . almost sulph'rous . myself Alas me render revenge to thou I but ! lend am to . shall the day thy term to in . that prison But crimes Doom'd could to certain tell Make thy and of tale thy away fast am word lightest like unfold - days my whose from their stand be end on . eternal List , father blazon ever two harrow Are If of I stars hair flesh But And quills his Revenge foul But to meditation foul as strange and best the ! dear and O , Murder that I wings unnatural in thee my May A serpent stung in in be apt or sweep find shouldst duller And on Now in father's Denmark , wharf weed Hamlet Lethe . so process of . life . of ear thou sting know forged ; to revenge me a but did soul noble , gifts beast that won with ! prophetic uncle wit — most of O witchcraft Ay wicked , that his - was whose O in even love to will Hamlet , what , of , adulterate traitorous the Will , That Though To ! always bed , were it shape angel , my morning celestial the within stole orchard in ears a afternoon of dignity mov'd will air man as lewdness of lust methinks . of uncle radiant in prey of on scent Sleeping of my blood the posset of . into milk , about it of of ; of let Brief of And like sudden alleys droppings of by vile bark'd , did So doth crust once my of of ; it loathsome sin account my hand , thou and of , luxury this thy soul , Denmark damned mother nor let act most , blossoms in of I , of even was life Cut To The glow and sting worm to , Adieu . uneffectual to well , me , contrive once adieu . adieu near . adieu , adieu ; adieu ! What my , adieu , past adieu of all with And That of I'll In All adieu Unmix'd O commandment youth , all and volume Yes heaven shall , smiling pernicious book the , Meet tables Yea from distracted ghost my me stiffly up . Remember memory thee seat there brain , pressures all villain word , live damned it a ! set , Now and may 'Adieu Within So be . Illo secure Hamlet it ! Heaven I have sworn't . lord . Lord Hillo ? noble bird my lord news , No by . it wonderful , Good O my I Not , But HORATIO by , villain I lord . of heart Nor then you'll man come knave all he's There lord an , tell us and you ne'er a would Ay say heaven Denmark and point desire . pray for ; every For , And I as Look are You Why it business — wild as I'm offence they go business and I'll my you hands desire faith Patrick whirling , words , you it but and you . sorry , by my lord , you Horatio , soldiers good between me there Touching what now , let this and poor scholars And desire honest tell request friends Give HORATIO known My Never Nor I , lord swear't will MARCELLUS what and . lord faith I , In faith , lord Nay the . upon We , thou hear you , Indeed have Ha on , my , indeed . lord by . we'll again our ground sword upon , Swear my by Never Come hands sword . sword that i' , more so shift you wondrous it earth is good this philosophy so myself mercy , come welcome and , I shall . bear help meet — shall , seeing hereafter in before or perchance strange , pronouncing thus times antic odd put ; giving think some of arms That 'Well With Or . most need to they . out me — this help would' , never me or or : ambiguous list That Rest Give I , shall Before You , What how Marry And and Enquire well my particular — know his father distant his this my you demands son and know this That Take in As And thus you 'twere at first said they your and mark knowledge of him nearer , you may well very him' , but him he be and sir As are As forgeries , As drabbing or him please I ' , take , of so , But dishonour may ; ' so such , lord ? that usual slips wild , and liberty fencing the but breathe taints That , My Ay Faith not they my That's Ay Marry sir , I here's is a my , sound crimes guilty the him slight sullies fetch , And You a breathe converse in thing believe these Having party youth closes He or Of Very , so mass By 'Good , At you yesterday and such ; t'other know . leave ? did ' 'I consequence' the : him There , or then He I then was There Or 'friend At closes Shall son my takes do thus indirections former by my So , we brothel and find assays carp lecture and wisdom of You lord my wi' have directions out . so been name of God ? affrighted in was , lord . Ophelia my lord what With upon his with his , I with head - to gyved , ankle his knocking knees fear do I comes love ? he loosed been he , arm go , on their went without his the seek I very the me he to seem'd it rais'd his , he He would — draw falls As end He And his That head doors his to done over so up and his all did . find his shatter shoulder profound — King will last . have my , am thee beshrew fear'd beyond it as ourselves the for in But to That I had To must grief to sorry repel access letters his hath . to younger . kept go our to utter . my , being to , provoke heard see Guildenstern and so call , did did did did did our and youth here by on time to did , gather did court with you himself did . sending transformation nor death young to humour to should it the What that hath man be to thus up brought entreat of to to . I to in your you our to . living unknown to pleasures your little draw Some to as from him to . glean . thus remedy are of . you not please you , awhile such thanks . our of us , full the , To lay To here give be . And dread your shall profit . have majesties to Than the Might , by your And Thanks beseech Guildenstern and our Heavens make and presence gentlemen you some is from Are my Pleasant helpful amen father return'd . been ? my I Assure news mine of , or as my , Both do not , Hunts hath to of lunacy trail — hast And O news Give of The sweet queen tells me grace Thyself I fruit fruit , I to that do long to . fruit . fruit fruit fruit brother , fruit , your but sift him o'erhasty friends fruit ! him from marriage into 'gainst he , Polack ; more Majesty , truly the Highness look'd better be On Fortinbras him Makes th'assay before which ; Was Receives give old his Whereon To It of commission With levied three he , in from are safety and give That On it as to , down more think night business upon therein for welcome Most rest took - labour , enterprise well set . and home we'll time us of regards As at we What day but day majesty My is And will call Mad I Therefore Why , tediousness since Were What I is't But nothing , to for ; I mad 'tis swear , mad son flourishes true is now foolish 'tis less mad but else that matter , is That Mad And true 'tis , cause cause And no art at all pity — vile Ophelia , mine defect effect hear shall . and gather , her ; the obedience , most is a faithful to it not believe is to art . him . awhile ; more lady best that these , this machine , show'd , me daughter his by ear means best most solicitings ? think , wing , might that or I went sight book you faithful and on love what hot winking winking seen winking it , queen winking a given winking Hamlet you Or winking , she the — by now winking wherein , then , took And winking And a lightness a winking Into all the wail think you we Do very . that , ' fast a into this weakness declension , otherwise . indeed hid were . together though lead , we try . I me the does my he love thereon a for reason fall'n state assistant behind the . indeed daughter . carters . an such And where do Lord ? comes , You my lord are . fishmonger my , a . to a . goes honest lord thousand my were , Excellent so man , true That's , of Honest ? is be good dead a daughter being . a carrion you , the if For her not How say sun have . extremity do words , fishmonger Friend I walk And . me gone . the that , my read love my is . that by in to him What much lord ? very . matter faces I , most - hams ; the I mean be it . this Aside Into be should . and . you For , sir satirical says slave wrinkled I am , have , honesty to a are old Indeed suddenly sanity My lord not A prosperously most of be delivered between of , pregnant I humbly from the , means the walk you Will so will I , more my take well except my that often madness cannot You , sir , I me lord my tedious These except my , Polonius to go . God Lord seek To My ! Guildenstern earth of are cap over shoe - button ? both , the happy the how do ye not we my waist , or her live your , lord Fortune But you , my but near have that Fortune , she sends at honest is middle . true world's question , and bad dungeons , mind . count nothing it is either or good for me there ; nutshell for To dream . substance dreams I , narrow and To of have for prison . To king lord To one To it the shadow ambition are merely shadow To that a . outstretch'd To , and and a the airy itself To ambition hold are Truly our beggars bodies light . fay , for ; servants you GUILDENSTERN and we . I , beggars' , the not no lord with sort friendship I you We'll reason shadow's monarchs ? am you Were dreadfully , in inclining it friends speak beaten visit . to in such like thanks Is Come with the I that my matter honest an To am Is ? I am are ? should , even poor we the to . colour the purpose What , and which me the to fellowship , me come . say were Queen ? you whether say ? could proposer our sent were hold me love . you by , youth with more an have Guildenstern you . then and Queen my not lost shall so tell secrecy wherefore exercises but I to King , will . you I know we the indeed , me all , heavily this fire pestilent why o'erhanging noble in , mirth , custom discovery of . reason what , me the and a like how , air the earth frame excellent appears no angel , world . firmament canopy What a faculties an there lord , my in said man , Lenten you ? what you the , service you — shall they if you hither king you are foil Majesty the you peace in ; part you target tribute have entertainment lover ; you halt verse o' his shall and shall , city delight they end shall the sere the reputation both ways they , by the both of the late innovation . freely whose man or mind . were shall lady inhibition travel in in — such take Their means residence was comes chances I think hold same estimation city . was , is , they 'em they quills the berattle they children goose that . grow them no ? for't and wrong it as writers sides was the both their against exclaim do own for ; went a their common sing — do ? no nation players succession poet Is't much unless O , there Do argument been them tarre the my and ? away the money in There controversy . to too for it out natural uncle lord they do boys been has possible about of brains for more players the in that make Ay ; this , mouths at is lived . me , Your players like uncle my lest , should appear are something ducats I which , dear extent north mad welcome outward But north hawk In - from , at each hearer , Guildenstern Happily baby you my When a west - be with That . news morning Roscius tell have actor Rome my lord lord will lord , I come , players Mark . my each , When in - buzz actors actor on , ass , historical , the comical , a These what only tragedy pastoral , be of What O - The pastoral tragical , best historical - pastoral either for , scene individable — and passing Still well . ' which . daughter he Aside my , daughter ? that love . more my on . well lord th' Am Jephthah follows i' you I . Nay , then , you It of . by , first The , thee last of are friends are see mistress and you have quality . me Come a be We'll gold me uncurrent a of a like beard my me me welcome piece all me What speech , me lord it I , but me I as — in down top me my was , speech give never , for But it an called , but I well in digested remember . such in one , affectation by loved 'Twas much , chiefly , matter there said matters cried was , pleased mine lines and , as in to the it wholesome indite the others as make , it thereabout it If see whose he , begins with arms resemble , One method , let sable the in , Pyrrhus lay he Black memory rugged the . Head to — Pyrrhus ominous light sons smear'd , horse black dismal . he Hath this so this at To With 'Fore , So spoken well , parching a wrath , antique discretion good falls hideous , sword Ilium , top flaming lo declining base Priam at prisoner Pyrrhus' his to with God falls . wind in . drives , Greeks whiff to his arm to father Stoops Of A But like was to nothing against the and thunder , the the work anon will , the For . to Which winds speechless , head to and . neutral death as as So And the on strumpet falls than forg'd him sets did , the , as a painted tyrant Pyrrhus from away down spokes thou synod nave as to all Break , out bowl low the , Mars's vengeance Pyrrhus' fellies the - dreadful proof Priam Fortune fiends of take and say sleeps . heaven he Prithee , gods sword bleeding . her All long general In As And ! 'Mobled a ; on This to queen' good barefoot the diadem and clout good It shall to for jig Say queen' flames robe — steep'd venom fear o'erteemed up , head the for caught , upon then limbs made make not her sword his saw gods state with have pronounc'd , th'alarm , themselves and rheum , he Would made And burning . of all , you well have I'll used My report while bestowed brief and the were , should the much , whipping 'scape man , Come . them Take Murder . in desert , desert and . some could and of . you for a could I play ? me We'll well You , welcome Elsinore . him , you not , of in't insert lord that Rosencrantz To My are look mock I am friends I . slave am ! the for would for distraction his a that God a fiction soul so this ye wi' working all his , his force in Is That it his ? ignorant the ? He for to Hecuba Had Make mad the should broken Tears voice from , eyes his , Hecuba passion stage free , dear , property whose say a muddy Am , eyes and faculties the That That What's cleave would weep he I lungs pate a coward i' th' ? cannot this be it ! bawdy this ere region villain most villain kites the all - should nose , am . oppression offal , have ass am , liver'd it ? me the does words with , throat me for , murder'd is father my unpack of I ! This hell sitting ! a cursing - my to a a guilty creatures struck so to proclaim'd my I like very and a son vengeance upon't , fall like Prompted Must And have uncle the The spirit my his he that and course the a know tent Before I'll Out T'assume be my pleasing my relative Abuses As May More Wherein he of him devil , my melancholy . thing play's the have the grounds on him With confess turbulent he feels will means by be sounded speak . quiet circumstance confusion of confession , well state Most a find we Nor But from Did question , true on to some aloof . disposition but his reply . to him it We To . demands his him about a pastime certain these kind have play to , They And he And 'Tis and the inclin'd shall beseech'd my To hear most and him give on a to , sent leave as , we Sweet have With all And Good And We him he thus That If't be so That Will gather by their and 'twere myself ourselves Affront of bestow Her may , suffers for . or is frankly he no I hope your colour with that sugar devil The And Your loneliness show of — That — prov'd — may blame do . We too Aside that with burden Is harlot's more my ! lord . or No Or slings arms nobler be a and : die a , To 'tis by , ache and ? heir more be 'tis and outrageous mind , not against To sleep die thousand death . There's this of . to end arrows opposing heart to in For sleep Devoutly That to - by And For who would have flesh be The is sleep perchance to we Must To The That pangs That bodkin he patient insolence merit Who would fardels quietus takes bear a dread the that When returns that those make the the , of dispriz'd The office , these , thy . Nymph action currents my lord , in Soft awry resolution of cowards native does to others fly And enterprises this fair Be name lose my sins all the regard your I humbly have you I I My That words for when poor wax Are , lord My lord ! And made Ha your means your your fair to Are , be honest you if the bawd have , it , truly a is what Could my lord to likeness power than the did , better nunnery a indifferent were but we have to thee myself in . put revengeful it them should knaves are upon At with had yet wouldst Why but give them do Go us , time very proud to thy . or to crawling between and but ways father that . Farewell your house you plague for thy shalt Farewell him powers restore , and quickly monsters you not of them calumny make and , that are hath it . God you hath . wantonness amble given you you . marry but ! already , all , fair eye is shall keep noble , and soldier's And The live you . have shall Go will no Th'observ'd Th'expectancy , they see tune sovereign , I , little a form reason vows music most most that the noble honey suck'd see sweet Blasted O'er be Will And not Was he Love I do , madness doubt danger , the have : the This Haply For Whereon something his fashion From brains do neglected and . puts , tribute neglected shall our countries his heart to speed and he demand With the seas love . commencement How what , said , grief Ophelia his please as do all mother , To show his grief Let all I'll be his you , do you , too you , of ; not smoothness it say gently . as lines use but , I - hand the tongue , to may that most the beget your , a and if crier my it I pronounced , mouth , But thus may rags part . I not the observance Be overdone from Suit is virtue and , to neither word body now action too purpose , make feature , to of , the own her was the tame of so show o'erweigh judicious hold as own not , we altogether , O , down to . to too , than , the the Will How now King the in , and make We the Bid two lord , sweet , As my O , revenue the candied Why may I should lick absurd be hear ? been hast election nothing , those , spirits thou mistress fawning pregnant tongue of the Dost choice of , distinguish . thou co - so a she equal man in not ay , in , passion's stop slave please are and blood judgement what not are it play core a comes , see'st near . Something too the heart I . heart of of theft is playing be . Ophelia , place a Guildenstern play my I this pay . Queen . Hamlet and my our my my . capons feed I ? my not mine these Hamlet my i' my . dish say you my you nor mine : accounted a To with , I , That my enact I did th'university ? actor killed . your dear ; players to him of . did Lady No upon your ? mark in , my , No good I O . I , country . legs ? my ? lord ! looks mother should my a , I . merry ? within's suit be have I'll forgotten . But yet a half shall the neck of pours finds dead or King the body unwilling King's a bank he , for , him upon , Poisoner , again in The . in mischief . love end accepts . show to . what , what what ring what what what what lord . what gone round cart , our bands . hands love sick of be moon . done late , must I , know so you extremity fear love are fear grows great the , leave fair and this in their leave little love is my as And what For In women's is is love love neither aught , proof , shortly is my littlest , thee , husband , functions shalt thou — the , Wormwood wormwood marriage kisses kill we memory dead love of , none debt on , slave oft sticks that the is we they unripe 'tis what ourselves The violence passion purpose propose , destroy or grief doth , ourselves ending own most joy is joy not enactures Where joys world even Whether man poor not needs who For have well and pursue prison die So But Nor That our devices thy But Sport earth to thoughts me turn I Each that repose anchor's would and once here cheer blanks , I lasting be should break strife destroy ! wife it here would . beguile , thy come day leave sleep me awhile now . methinks in't ? jest the argument , they What is a , poison Tropically free knavish you do heard but that jade Gonzago Have do no in how 'tis we anon . good a are I in This gall'd Vienna majesty see could interpret my puppets lord the . to lord you take creature blasted rank season , else drugs Begin croaking , Confederate , Hecate's Thou faces , ban thrice , thrice property . how gets King , frighted What He is extant love love written i' him , love . some . love see anon You love Gonzago's of love with false love lord ? love love play o'er me For Give Give For thou me with a the away weep , sleep , of in , So watch , while some world me Turk sir , A whole a Provincial . reigns now and know realm himself , A dost Half dear was , This very , I , one — pajock . here Damon thousand ? recorders , Come not perdie , like some he , him , well very For , Come , sir history whole the , king then sir With retirement what marvellous lord choler this to him of The , Ay Is his should No for me drink , my choler some more . from discourse more frame affair your I put put him to of answer , I of is are great . You , your , to my my mother in this not make me a not affliction most business , lord , no make a , good Sir My the your to , my . command matter or wit's , the can into sequel go struck . answer , My : so ; behaviour rather this a of this wonderful this , with heels this that son at this this is still own your lord so I do liberty this the this ? is something the , Good How the O recover lord wind me . To the grows — friend your to succession of when lack voice you have your you me . toil do love play . cannot into of I as mouth , my it the are these you these to any . skill discourse and govern : Look of stops will your it , music command unworthy now I . lord finger I me the this I will me upon cannot Call . excellent , am think you do instrument in would You not harmony from ; utterance how seem would to you mystery my compass ; on played , yet My you you the Queen would that's of a and camel . is it Methinks Or is It Very like like and — mother to like a a a whale . weasel . by me . friends night hot as I time blood the drink breathes will come Leave said so say . churchyards the yawn easily is this world such on . bitter not Soft nature unnatural hypocrites use . in it in in in , you in with in us in in . lunacies will holy keep feed single With The live To Most That We so near Out terms of us upon life but bound your Majesty is fear it of gulf massy is a depend The like it alone but weal . whose 'noyance peculiar and armour and spokes pray goes now the , you Arm Did on huge we My Behind he's We . this footed closet mother's . myself wisely warrant convey it a home him was than , go well you Fare them know said she'll to , ere lord to I offence eldest , it smells ; be Though , the inclination brother's hath my O I'll The A And murder guilt man where itself rain thicker there it neglect if shall I a in what's To Or To I And Can those Of cannot be which O Then look force . fall , of form to come I'll up my I , retain by th'offence and the still murder murder forehead and can What as our — my of shove hand corrupted mine , crown My There is law may not we But of the , not ! compell'd . that scann'd ; revenge not : he would and same as knows flush villain send , as , of , blown , and And in the course , stands grossly who of bread May ; his in or thou . purging ; pleasure ; about his passage I am his , his audit father son do circumstance him of or his a , and season'd save be . damn'd relish asleep horrid in't kick may heaven soul , act some heels his that has gaming in and sword , drunk is he At Then , and thoughts Look lay bear him between silence screen'd my thoughts to to to and broad be . I'll Much Tell Mother , Pray Within , the mother , thy , hear , Fear you question with tongue tongue . father you , now go much idle with hast thou Come , Go by were , Nay And What's Why come sit not , Come . How Dead You and the I till you wilt thou . now A a for , me what , dead ! am , not rash for better took Ay Thou . find'st thee too wretched hands made and braz'd ; you down — farewell , fortune , danger so that not bulwark , so blurs And As The As soul very of the words from rhapsody With this solidity - tristful the at false sets a O doth glow contraction sick , and . and against thought Ay this presentment was front of threaten two and compound and , visage as , the index in counterfeit here , a upon A form - herald Jove brothers , age feed you is : sure judgement that err so judgement ? sense Sense ? this not apoplex'd hath without judgement Eyes could Nor judgement judgement And judgement step you ne'er devil without hoodman - smelling where judgement matron's , of , feeling a mope If judgement in her let fire , judgement is . in ardour actively no more burn charge doth the no as Proclaim , speak live speak , spots love bed . nasty , speak corruption , in speak sweat but leave not their speak . grained very speak speak ; twentieth and speak kings of diadem vice rule stole tithe patches with me Alas , mad he's in What you The That laps'd your passion come guards and This almost on and her amazement thy ! soul . is't your incorporal wildly discourse ? gentle like flame . patience cool ! your Look Whereon and hairs eyes your as bedded and the cause him your On Would your your want stern effects this capable on your conjoin'd Do action this your your My Do nothing ? there ? to for you not ; piteous you to what . and form with them Will at all Look he of ecstasy your bodiless cunning temperately not test of which soul your love for my speaks madness the me . music re trespass , avoid what is the weeds , pursy come to yourself , place madness to grace . heaven ulcerous all within to ; good it half bed , angel , use of actions in . on with easiness kind lend with is put gives to That with To For with curb can devil with Once potency either wondrous when with with the And That He aptly abstinence with shall is the likewise habits of are you that change the next throw or desirous you beg repent punish I bestow I be him him be must with this pleas'd answer will again and scourge and minister me , kind : good . lady remains behind do kisses damn'd his matter madness , bat , gib , top , so ape , secrecy Who and breath made be own in have . life me of neck no to , you to thou life , to ? know ; way . meet 'tis packing . most mines go work enginer shall Let 't and , grave . 'tis your translate in ; You son place Bestow this What Mad as Gertrude , his sea mightier and wind hearing arras rapier out Behind Whips had It To is , bloody of to , been to had ! threats to young We mad will . would But , was what divulging let Where a . restrain'd deed love ? providence was fit answer'd our , done is some kill'd hence the shall , him sooner no ship must we But We both the body , metals weeps , He a Friends go we'll , them from Into Go Both what's Whose And speak , his out chapel the Gertrude know o'er the air the Transports the the the the the the What noise ? 'tis kin take chapel may the to it done , whereto dust And , with , my that Do where son the service best countenance my , needs and : I an such soaks do you corner , sponge of corner A must tell where corner with King corner a body not in officers ape when he corner it the the corner glad you , corner am corner . nothing Bring I ! not find man the me to dangerous He's in distracted the lov'd where But Who 'tis not is it him Hide lord my have . him to sent This How What ? hath all body By the desperate We guarded lord Where dead now Or pause , him , is get from know ? your pleasure . he Your . lean is , Where is ? where's where but Now At At us one to with hath fed mean by . we is That's the . variable ! worm . and fat service ourselves . for eat . of . the not him stairs see to . of a king go a thou of that this the find your as messenger the go for , tender as done this . we , wind help , if you up , you Go Attendants He deed , we is bark With that For fiery father loving Hamlet one is for man and . make mother th'affair for , at is with England for mother ; mother speed Come wife , and mother . My ; mother Father process , to mother yet Since homage By and thereof . not him mother ; leans foot mother . Pray haste . done ne'er greet the king . license Danish promis'd rendezvous , know that to Hamlet haps Howe'er And Tell Over Go We If that his express Good Go these Norway powers , them commands some Against nephew it The against for , with would the no little I or never defend , the it Yes to To Nor , to is Why to to to A to Why to please , go straight you occasions Will't How dull do . What of is little a my his A against ? more gave market and us I'll . a me wisdom do not part no us th'event — and exhort thing's too fust To Bestial To do't Led I a army , I ever cause A will will will When will But To will blood will mother stand a to while reason without quarrel in will I How , mortal , eggshell to mouths spirit Makes that fortune a father find death is at , with divine the and unsure event invisible be , worth a fame of twenty my kill'd , death graves their to To My She importunate needs be pitied distract . her beats , her father have , nothing heart her Her speaks Spurns That The , would as botch Yet the sense of things is doth move them , doubt she it own , of carry but i' And the , much breeding unhappily she nature sin's in It full of itself Let , as some great spilt guilt of Denmark ? and one your now beauteous , Majesty Ophelia love shoon hat I another From his By sweet is Nay , pray a grass gone green , lady mark you , flowers love do With all , here , my ! you we , are what was How , have say of this ; this know They , but no God dild words And in is maid . more the departed Pretty Indeed Let Then he that rose a the your donn'd Tomorrow And an by and and to't , his window . make and an on't me sun my to come done me are Gis do't to to tumbled ! end I'll come they they before you Cock You promis'd men So thou long . him she , choose my , brother , her th' . patient cold I My good shall , O , battalions in gone son . come sorrows , ladies ; lay We well must , for i' Gertrude springs . First ; thoughts most spies ; I ; slain father people muddied violent beasts mere these judgement much , ear his himself , arraign father's beggar'd , stick my dear clouds , France person speeches not wants pestilent wonder is and , And on Her In Last from , this . to infect matter his our piece , Gertrude haste impetuous riotous call now were , of more The custom every ! word not of be but a with is guard them Let What O How Caps on king Laertes king Danish false trail Laertes we shall cheerfully is be — all king , this The No stand are come without . harlot brow bastard the unsmirched chaste the my , Laertes , cause looks is so doth Let . our king it man Speak , his him what would , be to point I fill demand not by . my is Where Conscience and ! only give my you . so . all husband , comes the he grace , be well . father To this . worlds throughly for I'll to ? rendering thus friends Will know the Repast , a good his To And you am As as in of and Why day . Within , a for eye . is in Tears does good child your judgement sensibly you grief , Burn By heaven How and madness up dry After sends It as maid sister . be brains Let her O Dear be fine an , possible sense thy shall seven salt times possible eye ! wits 'tis possible itself fine ! possible May of Ophelia possible maid's possible man's master's possible O , a . than . his stole daughter for rosemary madness in is remembrance false , you A for There's there , it difference all . There's died would They I . end good a my columbines , fennel , There's for and bonny sweet affliction and For to turns not come come prettiness hell o' daisy father , is . is as was flaxen was come - gone . soul . pray . is again not , he thy will as away his I , God grief , apart wisest judge by 'twixt . this commune must direct our , shall hear whom , your in , satisfaction life Be find And Our They must I , rite th'offence So you . bones — burial , to question the with me fall . formal hatchment obscure ; his , ostentation with axe Let sir are , them from know say if of part not bless God greeted you for was that should not from what if your , overlooked have pirate a of when please him bless and't , shall , from th'ambassador as thou . King the sir means comes some 'Horatio , sea ourselves fellows clear me good to in am of I Rosencrantz and thou of our ship in Finding . two valour repair words Come do't He will And the you brought give have the will haste These . thou your thee course way for you . England bring fellows their thine him speedier to knowest , that . whom from these me letters , nature stirr'd were , so appears tell things . friend for else . life not seem The and . for either and soul , not motive sphere which strong perhaps looks , by Which She's My his not to That I And so not have slightly Convert Is the to so Why a by all like spring And , will . the desperate praises mount . sister have I I had aim'd loud a again age think dull imagine . ourself hear shall shook and love we teach ? this ; our let can lov'd we your that I hope , lord What say ; I . not them to father and to you news will How Of me they Who the Queen ? receiv'd . you Laertes were my , 'High and you leave and sudden this shall first him , beg I What Can postscript advise am your return set occasions ? such no and 'Tis it , my a That 'Thus the 'alone thing let teeth — come ? and be me rul'd so so it it be in lost very tell to . him return'd me , o'errule If ? Laertes , otherwise How lord by So . my ; peace checking To not at more As will you Wherein And have in You that they Did did be rather say , and hearing I be his , I call you be been be that be shine since lord My not That The be if the be Yet and age Than light riband for cap of that be and ? be , is the unworthiest that careless his horseback serv'd the , becomes wears weeds months youth graveness and livery , in gentleman Normandy since French natur'd he beast in Come what he did . of shapes far doing on wondrous incorps'd forgery A and unto demi topp'd seat this — horse , gallant Upon A Norman . and thought ? Norman The same , you of confession made He gave all very He such . is the a in most especially . my That swore He could Did them your and out motion Hamlet . Sir with with — of coming he That Your nothing o'er to but play do wish , my , a rapier cried match oppos'd sight their eye , of , his indeed ? to ? of heart this you like Or Not that I But I And and of of . it ; a at There that the see did of father a sorrow , abate still , passages is love in or within , not th'ulcer : changes , it fire proof love pleurisy goodness to too we is , a like ? father's yourself his back th' words throat More by then are tongues would ; delays would your hands and hath To Will Or not Will We'll Hamlet Revenge And Most Frenchman on a on those set and heads you double free ; so , on the in being remiss fame excellence home : Laertes , together have . draws that that I purpose anoint . a mountebank thing my slightly death point . I dip I'll will I mortal Collected scratch'd further So what a wager Soft that might see , him , end , your hold . stuck him — and , but I'll drink violent whereon venom'd heel another's you your for chance may now by motion your in When ! As that How So - flowers There liberal That crow There fast One woe doth they willow leaves Drown'd upon aslant a , long , purples , did garlands fantastic with shepherds , daisies , coronet tunes not indued up , old , native creature But heavy it own her and , is , drown'd then , To drown'd much of water , tears poor ? holds these nature , When . will it trick I she death are lord , blaze it . Adieu , be what woman a much will , to this had follow douts ; out folly ; my that my custom . calm do it again , fain have Is to Let's , Christian her grave it , be can How she tell thee sat that drowned else an it offendendo if be drown is act I cannot to it wittingly hath , she Why act . straight , you lies herself unless 'tis found . For , not life own is Here . good , Nay Here that himself you the drown water come law ? not . is this had burial own and man ; good his the crowner's quest been Christian . it himself not , not o' , marry this is't , If ? truth there you the world he to . buried been have thou . ditchers Was , he ? great . The another confess Scripture ? I'll the put the the to none had a art says carpenter either not without purpose tenants . shipwright . understand , to do the faith good , frame the , To't or . well to maker thy ? the Who builds well wit well in builds built I than that church ill mason with thy , of doomsday question ass this . 'a say liquor Go next , thee mend . I beating brains maker' In feeling methought ? for very it , O did sweet , meet that in hath sense the . at sings he , my did a time Methought O contract this no there was of - his of in never once How the did such his stealing . clutch of property daintier employment steps dost not it , sweet might , God As had skull it tongue be that would Cain's jawbone politician , that first not How . lord morrow - beg . these Did : such good of Or , mazard to so e'en with . loggets 'em Mine for a pit pickaxe clay is - Mine , of a ? Mine Mine ache sheet Mine knave be skull of him Mine not quiddits now , his shrouding Mine meet made a to think Mine him double his now that , Mine his knock , about action land vouchers his of than , his his ? double The full tell will be recognizances a this box indentures , a to his tenures and his sconce battery , his of conveyances ; very ones dirt himself the Will a of of his must fine fine fellow dirty his time pate pair my ? his , of and recovery the inheritor ? skins out for this to pit Mine , Whose grave's to sir O thine such a is clay liest . For , 'tis therefore I part , dost in't my , do be fellow . to the therefore ; be dig it quick not lie For . away it , yet mine in't not thou dost 't lie thine to in't buried be . for from man ? she's . of Lord picked - courtier age the absolute , near the undo us heel the days Hamlet i' all How that was it . grown that tell that into recover he ; wits he England , that since our last ; day . and England as mad as mad , they he came not 'Twill was marry he sent into . Why in How what . say here , How if , he . I a will will hold . tanner , i' year before die , eight water , be nowadays his A than another your Whose and with his . it - now tann'd three . mad . skull . hide laying he nine Why And ; on him for a not Whose ; hath lain in of he trade twenty you think it was ; that keep your ; earth the A Yorick's ; the of ; on , him , those your table my I gambols the wont grinning own , let her tell your , merriment mock it rises how not songs roar get your , to ? to favour Where Horatio my one Not ? Where a see Let Horatio kiss'd it me borne Where thou Where Where E'en , Dost Where Where lord thing her ? fashion one Make and lady's And , lord ! Pah Alexander think smelt To 'Twere Alexander returneth into as to thither with modesty hole imagination not . him Alexander is turn'd whereto to he , Horatio curiously till we dust base uses a not loam faith , the , likelihood make it jot Imperious Might ; and Caesar , a a dead dust died ; of they , was thus which But to lead ; which kept barrel he which wind flaw away the - dust why Queen which , the Fordo Couch of is , which , O stop which that soft Should ! corse which ceremony which been ceremony very , we awhile 'Twas rites follow . some betoken hand estate youth have death far enlarg'd ; doubtful was have prayers is trumpet should have Her that great . unsanctified her As last Till And flints Must there be done bringing allowed , and bell Of , and strewments no more requiem - the of i' parted her Lay sage and fair tell flesh , unpolluted rest the and . thee my sister souls should To As liest fair ? churlish to priest Hamlet's deck'd Farewell . maid . wife , sweet my been treble Fall hop'd flowers Scattering to , have shouldst . bed treble , to thy to I not on deed times to Till I to to To of of ten Whose I pile your Of this to most off that cursed sense while arms have head , you or quick dust Pelion Olympus the upon blue emphasis an . made This of Like I What such the prithee Thou I For Which let fear ! me in Hamlet him . the thy Pluck am take The fight with quiet him son will eyelids my be my Ophelia with , lov'd all wilt forty thousand do . her wag upon longer this no of , mad is he . quantity thou their theme for , brothers ; what tear thyself to a eat come And Be I'll ? Could Make my 'Swounds , show of , Woul't like drink buried To . eisel woul't thou'lt here , will . ground ? whine I zone an couplets are , me . thus , matter . day his may . see be proceeding our shortly Now let kind a the me fighting , let — me my lord . well know circumstance I , ends . our shapes most cabin , teach Rashly bilboes we will how had my fine , where exact command found making to sorts several with Oh Importing ! Larded With the stay grinding no goblins and off . bated in of my life , unseal , Horatio , I reasons . of struck be possible should health the it , villanies prologue I Devis'd Or They Being wilt commission the thus Ay , yeoman's The An like It As He As love between stand And As still like ordinant my death less amities flourish , sudden allow'd : day , form that to , further this view and know more of these put - was signet Folded Which had even How I . Was . The . changeling gave't th'impression . and . conscience nature defeat grow own my . to . king and fell , me incensed insinuation . king my hopes whor'd is stand , the when their near , are They Why man Popp'd it not And that — th'election angle cozenage In be What But It To It must let him hath kill'd this with with this of . no am I And a will the more I the portraiture of Peace Your Into humbly you thank right , for No fertile gracious is here who vice good . this lordship the , you at possession from a 'tis were of Majesty . Put leisure beast in if your to the 'tis all lordship Sweet state a let chough a lord . but , and . his bonnet hot cold of , a spirit diligence right use I sultry signify this the , sultry , very , my 'tis the 'twere to . very me great lord it I on Majesty very me , Sir bade head your me beseech — hot me my you has he that — me of gentry Indeed full would see . for most is me , Sir great calendar and yet me verity to the me you know though gentleman a card and good . more great true him infallibly nothing his semblable , in article and , memory of part him But th'arithmetic of what sail trace Why , extolment such is The to tongue our more in his of his of respect lordship do speaks would to a as rareness we ? gentleman ? this golden is His purse already not would you ; sir did , You dare for sir weapon a ; meed unfellowed well of his weapon ? his What's but he's But the against poniards most had liberal of fancy hangers , very , him with wager'd and , to girdle dear delicate The it six French might german more that's sir King shall would come exceed the to this would be the would the all hits that the , hall in my day the three the is in He the dozen your . if no answer . hath laid a How of the me . purpose re ; to . flourish after I but will the it I my deliver To , I , commend it to lapwing He does This away before to you in Laertes him . young sends to . If so his . longer take , yeasty bubbles fanned most the trial their you He , I be to Laertes coming whensoever the King's . me play gentle and King The not . practice do but shall about perhaps it , good heart will You . so ; hither If mind defy , a come not and anything my the odds . into France thou lord a it in of - obey is : not , 'tis to are you it whit I providence the fall to not be . forestall as fit special if it will The . There's we your a now be of augury . will come is't you . is come me this and wrong , have gentleman are must distraction madness . heard hand ; exception was honour done sore and as pardon you Never it , my the shot His And His in case His Whose my should in His my in disclaiming Sir Hamlet does His Then Hamlet does is , so His To and of His voice keep do will offer'd love His precedent masters am I Let revenge stand I receive my have Till I by I Your your I'll skill Stick mock sir . th' in , Hamlet . my the ; weaker therefore you the it he better'd heavy the see all the the This the Set the the Ay I the But since do fear is me is stoups in the good lord that exchange One Come , And 'Now The . palpable . hit . awhile confess do I scant and a , say ? what . napkin you brows . poison'd , The I the my , Aside It dare yet cup him do , face late too me is it do . your . think't , My I not hit my conscience You a make you Say afeard you I at you Laertes scuffling . in neither they , bleed Queen Laertes , is't How there is woodcock to Osric own ? justly does kill'd swoons them Queen ? bleed , How , springe treachery ! my lord ? I the am ! drink , drink no , No the to the Ho drink the . poison'd art lie blame mother's poison'd . King's hand , thee life work ! too union ? but am point , me incestuous is poison , my He , noble upon not himself , thee temper'd death come me by serv'd on . death could fell to I ! Wretched tremble this , I , aright cause adieu this , chance Queen thee follow pale thee Heaven am that are Had more Here's by believe I'll me name wounded in , have't , standing thus cup the an some shall man liquor left than antique the . unsatisfied , heart . pain warlike tell my breath , awhile me , What world thy this come is England . gives Poland noise , I The So Fortinbras I quite I This the the . On tell solicited heart angels sing the have him to with a cracks do live But . cannot of does your ? night silence is thy , come see , havoc thine eternal a hast many cries quarry What is or you sight . cease would is ? search in in wonder that is in too come England sight is of woe What in Where our Rosencrantz in Had in To are commandment his , in . dead give in , bodies England question , late . fulfill'd to mouth ? their of placed to order that you bloody to yet So casual inventors' the , came about th' view you acts you shall slaughters forc'd heads embrace it I , to I Let to claim memory doth this fortune , me speak audience , vantage shall mouth . mischance , stage four soldier lest draw will same his from Even he was plots Let minds I And To let Take and and off and Bear up the loudly soldiers shoot and amiss of ordnance passage , and this of Such here — States copy and paying and forth without copyright for and bodies but a sight bid bodies renamed the . by copying renamed Project distributing Use renamed editions copyright the of renamed United copyright in renamed , works . S , renamed Terms registered the renamed these in U renamed any and away do the protect eBook except an a General with you , this , works use reports for If Gutenberg for and in , electronic and Gutenberg U easy may the used if Gutenberg You do not be Project the the terms of eBook you not such . work this redistribution to Project Full subject of ANYTHING the using way the . this Project this all or in any . Use electronic using of terms indicate works abide understand and or this part any reading you . you the To accept copyright If Project by . you you obtaining must do you of with file license If available and Redistributing org Terms General , that . copies Gutenberg paid electronic paid Project of agreement all By the have , to a copy or in and , agree by return forth with of terms of follow you if help preserve full with do with There electronic Gutenberg even things to . associated by the a paragraph things you below Project Gutenberg do . There paragraph the to a person E . may See few Project with works the in collection to the of this bound below . are lot Project agreement . E . free . works See Gutenberg in are electronic owns Project The PGLAF located you are Project by prevent in free United all If claim displaying States . works . in C Project collection individual in domain in individual United are work this You course States from . copying creating to Gutenberg with agreement full of with state laws before of laws it its share format with works Project the Gutenberg terms name with the terms charge Copyright addition based removed sentence , all the status of Foundation on displaying to in copying Gutenberg Project creating downloading , country following in , the Project License work links to references United in outside in States work work this , terms in makes appears is accessed in any or any any , in , this in : appear which active and in work other or . States Gutenberg Project associated Project copy full have of copyright under laws restrictions most the Gutenberg you If this with Project , located individual give no a , in away org you States United protected not If by U License from of redistributing the that it is posted distributed the work appearing or with without an where country not www the . are or re to this , the paragraphs an set requirements use . paragraphs individual the the with with both permission If of . trademark . terms will a contain copyright United holder . forth holder copied and you or distribution E must If through . work E work files any detach this associated , any from . the to through , Gutenberg . work at found for the Project the Gutenberg copyright holder . copyright in immediate active displaying or any display remove . the any and . containing this in Project . without provide in , in if Gutenberg Project format in the you website format official fee original or work , copy include format additional form cost its must Gutenberg work of Any the official other Project a or . up processing to user , gutenberg . compressed You convert or posted copy request . License on you of at alternate in a the displaying . the gross : you derive works . to as , org provide upon , in E . for a , of a donate use Gutenberg agreed the already of calculate of you You unless you You to of Gutenberg trademark payments you is Project the the such Foundation . Project specified the Project but using profits taxes that calculated applicable this . your Archive following to clearly not provide payments Gutenberg Section You use in should the for , a in and provide works agree , Literary be you License copies paid any money all You refund e or a work from the in the Gutenberg E comply electronic the the . forth or wish the distribution with the the . are . by U Foundation must Gutenberg fee the you Archive employees the permission different obtain . the may the Gutenberg Project inaccurate incomplete stored a defective or other or that equipment computer to limited copyright law may or - Except the Right , the paragraph OF of Project Project . F DAMAGES a . Gutenberg not any under and , party owner HAVE , electronic AGREE THAT , Archive WARRANTY read , transcription , collection or , other medium , LIMITED a Gutenberg . or cannot , Refund and YOU . Literary to liability F a explanation work , you for you discover STRICT all NEGLIGENCE for YOU RIGHT defective the written lieu or of a electronic OF of paid or it receiving REFUND OR REPLACEMENT . If to the choose in demand of fix defective electronically you right not allow or of exclusion or the or . it further for . paragraph . opportunity second Some the of damages F F F to providing the , to is is without Except states interpreted the remaining INDEMNITY owner violates . any - IS' , WITH agreement , or , the in Foundation any of , of this Project of agreement , providing agree applicable provision any of shall by . accordance or . about with free distribution or Foundation electronic to b Project you synonymous , by formats works need financial the of assistance because from including exists goals available ensuring are the Project reaching Gutenberg . In Project to Project . and with life about learn . for they and freely Gutenberg and Sections Project Gutenberg remain Literary Archive organized under the Gutenberg more your Foundation To generations Foundation . Foundation's . corporation granted tax the extent by identification by laws Literary Archive gutenberg secure , see org laws Plaza , the to to at exempt full the www donations can Foundation . up website licensed and to upon Information information , tax contact official . depends at donations to form Donations www about Literary of in is particularly including the public array to machine public found Email contact . gutenberg cannot out accessible by mission Project be org of contact widest can with states to for . in meet of particular and fees compliance we . from solicit do and met considerable The of equipment charitable status are Compliance and www cannot have these International any outside against not the us visit written . donate org requirements not States U . accepted donations requirements the of gutenberg Gutenberg checks . Section treatment Please treatment While the methods treatment Professor Michael General , Project tax treatment laws pages gutenberg Project About library only treatment originator of the Project To treatment cannot received alone credit a swamp our treatment other several we treatment : visit S of which a eBooks in at people U including . created included . paper printed , PG . main Gutenberg Gutenberg to Literary Thus Project hear to help produce to Project has any protected a with eBooks are support . as eBooks of . S Archive how