Stand Stand . Stand unfold Stand , hour Stand Francisco Stand cold you had a I am thanks . at quiet mouse If The think I them rivals Have you hear . And liegemen night of Give Horatio there . is ! who night reliev'd , Barnardo of him . of us , seen this to That if watch Therefore this will says has , With to He so us we hear When yond same Well are And us And let let art In the ; not a Peace Horatio be me harrows would . of warlike Denmark , wonder speak away charge , stalks and will it fair that is ? Stay ! How now speak gone this Horatio , Is God Of ! the and eyes Without Before ! he th'ambitious very art not more you . thou ! like the King ? fantasy than ? when Polacks jump my know ; our opinion state eruption thought to scope to of work some strange and gross and me and sit martial , down Why of he that . cannon brazen most of observant , haste the , the sweaty week , knows war . watch what But , Good in toils this So the Whose Doth What the is't make night be not divide such foreign Why he , this slay For to this combat on side so as even by know ; now in who of but by Fortinbras to lands conqueror competent young is which to lawless enterprise no our strong there cov'nant , same design'd , state by foresaid lands , hand head , dead sheeted dews and Roman eclipse ; the of moist empire the to prologue heaven Have I'll whose almost like Neptune's to influence doomsday of still countrymen where me do foreknowing . happily Which If Or hast you , Extorted treasure uphoarded in spirits of in thy grace , it though , it there be to If speak If speak thou thou the womb may thy O speak oft country's avoid , death speak speak speak not it my and , speak ! speak here here here here , invulnerable the crew heard here so , gone here it as vain it is lofty herein , of And fire erring or object air throat thing , fearful summons . have his shrill ; truth hies the . guilty like and trumpet the his the Th'extravagant confine Whether his Awake This sea of that god made crowing . cock probation the Saviour's crowing , no singeth 'gainst spirit dawning crowing they are of bird nights have crowing And The crowing crowing crowing needful we I our consent , Let Unto we Break spirit As This Do Let's do't Where of and brow fought ourselves , whole us it dear and Voltemand Though To The bear Yet To our so affair along . that For know worth our brother's , joy , death , with his us late our disjoint and of pester surrender to supposal weak , young the not all have our , thanks Fortinbras , thinking to fail'd brother rid of is and Norway , further gait ; purpose - bed for this herein good , The Out You His lists of bearers you no to you old Norway Voltemand levies , made , all here , power the scope . personal more greeting this and his the , his subject Cornelius , King , dilated and haste your . show our . farewell with is't Dane the what's reason not . my be speak some , of . the not thy asking beg Laertes to the , to came return , France duty , that toward leave my I must whence From Yet Your show leave What my Dread and My leave ; and leave less and . spend . i' off spend sun spend spend thine will son kind you spend hang , Denmark dust must . eternity spend spend . the die common . to , with . is it so particular ? seems , Hamlet woe indeed shows the forc'd solemn it is inky suits haviour . a in duties , the To But To That Of shows An For heart know a any most we most 'Tis course to a is stubbornness A It to heart ? the theme nature common ; is and incorrect , heaven unmanly mind sense to be 'tis peevish today to you a a fault , grief impatient simple Why what it fault against should the To the be so ; toward going I This first he the nobility back that with the You Our Let not thee us lose cheer Do And the beseech retrograde cousin go to our impart no which dearest father For your : Wittenberg our you of our desire , eye prayers not Hamlet son and . fair a obey ; all a in and my to - rouse cannon health to the earthly and solid thunder the in grace of unforc'd that heaven . again . melt fix'd would dew not a God an come much so not , so ; king it should gross in this this nature flesh 'tis ! unprofitable world and garden — woman him on and of : month grown hang Heaven loving beteem Why too month think on't or followed wants discourse month of reason she , with Within no , beast I yet the to my father's ere . that — a of the have By Like O Would But It not is heart , for most her . but married more most speed to cannot I , such my Had change from Wittenberg Marcellus ? good My lord . even . make , Horatio with name am I very A I Nor yourself what you We'll I prithee make hear my know your to To Against My lord Indeed , Would ever Or I Did had met the marriage , day in Horatio father . upon my dearest I had My — him was that I coldly , Thrift was a man , him a , lord see my , Where , Horatio think I , Saw My lord With marvel ear your Season till these you to . deliver , the their gentlemen . of - pie , me march walk'd , solemn middle whilst ; secrecy dreadful truncheon's speak length jelly them , to By Armed slow their his Form , Where Stand Almost My lord My lord I yet ; it methought . watch we strange in cock our . duty true . vanish'd And 'Tis it this our , haste sight , very As And think , my live To let did we Indeed We , lord . lord Arm'd Arm'd , Then , What my lord he saw , from head toe to to . foot ? beaver . than ? you , upon Most fix'd And Nay very pale in ? or , with like moderate haste have one , Longer grizzled saw't . amaz'd there had . it hundred . you Stay'd , his . Not His was It , 'twill I I will silver'd tonight it noble you my peace father's though conceal'd tonight pray itself all . well , ye . you . should gape , this silence but , your All you . sight I in hitherto shall understanding loves 'twixt to ! deeds come not farewell eyes , honour are And And convoy , his you , Do For it and that in . from , hear benefit , give . Farewell not the assistant do lasting a but more as but no more The violet A Hold in Hamlet the not No Grows he wide of on persons do depends health choice whole state ; fear you does . temple loves doth his ; you own choice his this unvalu'd Then yielding must The His The virtue of his but will subject is his himself and , is his , place songs . it no further loves chaste importunity of danger beauty the rear fear , voice saying weigh with If Than As in main the May deed ; Denmark honour list ear , shot your enough , my is infants of desire affection sister . galls in And Too I wary th'effect Whilst me Show like and primrose I the steep my then , though good pastors , brother keep in . my rebels to And O is here not . father grace leave . a ; with steel , vulgar tongue . of with ; but comrade memory my thy his . thy no by Give thou do Of of in . unfledg'd thy thy and with . palm their adoption ; man rich purse ; ear thy thee beware but France For of oft loses borrower a Neither Costly Bear't not And Of each every man's censure , oft the generous itself and lender a edge night day true be any as then it blessing own , not : canst follow dulls the thine the self the of both to , friend in : in servants : station . husbandry this thee nor be and said ; false borrowing above And And And time Farewell What invites humbly shall Ophelia , yourself . keep in , something , bethought oft . you ? of yourself bounteous me and he you 'tis I must and up truth late very between it If ! behoves not of — audience way my ? of to perilous many me clearly tell . so caution Give speak hath do girl , a importun'd you'll tender of yourself the me fashion it , it you think yourself tenders wind . sterling not not are ta'en poor . to honourable lord My hath Even scanter not command parley . walk this my , speech his woodcocks prodigal , I . as is , daughter ; rate young , as suits they , brokers . entreatments fire a he is as Lord Hamlet , as presence From your of , as Be as Believe so much to at maiden For as , time : forth your come ; you charge shall obey , this , Hamlet moment . Lord the lord ways very air eager . cold is twelve bites I held It it , struck hour The is air spirit not . the season heard Indeed wont draws . does tonight doth wassail ? Wherein I The he as kettle Ay , though ; native . phrase . them guilty , reason of complexion his are origin that the the their mole it oft So The From birth breaking by habit of these defect mole star as undergo pure much mole they or ; man mole The substance censure grace — evil a mole . corruption dram mole of it my ministers of grace ! blasts or heaven or wicked such charitable health of in from hell , shape , questionable . thee royal thy Wherein burst not speak from com'st Thou Bring That I father , to , cerements their canoniz'd King Let me we , What the complete mean , Wherefore his ponderous and ! to ? is With , Look you to horridly hideous thus night Revisit'st thoughts beckons As this ? What . desire it with impartment But , with means my And I it if Or deprive o'er you again , fear pin's lord And draw place puts , It every of . sea . thee , shall Go fathoms to I'll on off not still go my ; My hardy as Nemean cries out in this body . gentlemen , I As And . on ghost him imagination not waxes ! say I By make a — desperate Let's after rotten the with to will of Denmark . will ? hearing flames . unfold bound when , revenge shall lend ghost , fires the night , nature ? to Speak To I but to What I thou Doom'd And Till and the foul crimes thy father's to of thy word blood ! their , lightest from stand be porpentine part O list to locks particular combined eternal knotted eyes thy could I Would thy harrow up quills the to not list love . To each upon didst thou ears Haste But his foul and Murder O ! God unnatural murder it and , unnatural ; best love revenge swift the wharf the that , my than as meditation or to sweep this that out not That And in in shouldst itself stung by a , stir rots ease Now in whole of thou father's life with , won , the lust , gifts — dignity there power to with of love her virtue Upon a . lewdness those To Though lust , And I Hamlet of seduce to The O That made to it in prey methinks be . Sleeping of thy . celestial on garbage though in a , mov'd be heaven angel the my always scent within , stole , uncle afternoon air vial did the cursed hebenon in with alleys of it quicksilver and sudden doth : unanel'd , sent , disappointed Unhous'led all even of blossoms queen a once brother's . mine milk into it ; account and about loathsome sin ! horrible head to imperfections the , in but on , in horrible my thou If horrible hast thee bed of royal ! the for howsoever thorns ; those to And To The and mother Taint Against But thou nor Fare that in thee her aught . his the her shows - sting to adieu pale uneffectual Remember O earth instant old my What Remember Hold ! all , forms trivial table Remember ? a , thee ? seat thee all all ; alone woman be are you am least So lord , sure 'Adieu , At That My tables . Meet and be a in Denmark my . Lord . Lord . Lord lord , Lord Lord Lord come boy my news O , Good No my , I be But , lord lord my There needs , right , ghost hands and part , you , come knave in all . MARCELLUS lord . all right grave , arrant an To no You These are faith , you go shall point desire . more circumstance . is me is what . Patrick Yes O'ermaster't you desire ghost this vision here , friends soldiers Give friends , my known what you lord is't For may honest are What Never seen . We will . faith not , I We , Cries Indeed have under so thou , the upon sworn my . indeed already sayst , Swear cellarage . thou stage . there sword . Then to speak by you that my this Swear Beneath of my sword ground shift . Swear Hic , and There things your in of as night worthy mole ! O Once more a therefore are , strange perchance an you To at put I , Canst work is it , this stranger wondrous , or such times antic hereafter soe'er heaven in And How pronouncing 'We could doubtful phrase shake be know' know to Or and mercy of ambiguous speak' , me ; aught list 'Well That all With , your willing , And your God your your grace May your still what love so Beneath Swear . your you , right together That , Nay I , Reynaldo cursed it money this You Give my wisely his to Of visit My make , marvellous behaviour him will , notes I Danskers means expense of , shall you what ; encompassment will touch him , it nearer keep they ? son sir , son well son . Reynaldo son , question , demands and son my heed and youth marry may well do his son , you this his of ; ' wanton gaming ' my noted liberty . so . ' You fencing usual that none , of and , ' ' he's there most wild ; and forgeries may ' ' season dishonour him ' charge the ; so his to but ; liberty fiery taints of assault general not as drinking , drabbing Faith The That's But my , Wherefore Marry my soil'd a a my should , You As Ay it slight prenominate , be country 'friend guilty would this lord or he sir , good What And about was By mass 'closes in was to say about does and man so or Of ; to with phrase the my this , did consequence' : you him or the so or , There closes I then He saw , yesterday falling him enter at forth or there such or thus in At At , bait we a . See sale' house of of this carp and with find wisdom of bias . out and do thus So by indirections have and You , former out such , By Your he saw And Shall , takes so : rouse — truth reach tennis' such of . well yourself Good I lord my , let . in . Farewell And wi' his him How , Alas Ophelia , now lord the , what's have in as Pale Ungart'red And As shirt Hamlet My lord What I do truly he ? it . before other purport hell comes he if To I He goes his falls he wrist , know do Then And last At the such a rais'd it end He by to draw other . shaking stay'd of thus hand the would For And And his He with his head did to the doors find That so thus little waving sigh seem . his bended will go , without went ecstasy itself love , he his bulk done without shoulder their of . leads afflict good my I him . I ? late command denied you and me to hard words of , trifle opinions our jealousy might ! love utter close the but age . King . kept to provoke you see you the What So . nor so Something to Rosencrantz long did much have use have call inward hath be , put it heard should him , to him thus to with both , entreat youth to his here brought I dream neighbour'd rest in to may you to time to your , by pleasures to and so to little him much as from open'd . two men time shall your Both As the . your . Than to entreaty king's us If . good please not gentry remembrance of . visit Rosencrantz Guildenstern to . you gentle commanded feet the , your in freely service We both obey at full . gentle of is some Hamlet too bring presence , my return'd news father Norway lord him Go these our helpful amen . practices our to good my brain my I to this gracious my soul , liege , good I Thou good hold you lord , to think very that us'd of admittance the shall , do hear to ; th'ambassadors to news O Hunts trail the do to not hath it be , my great long of sweet queen main the that , found . feast your , that fruit and in son's . return Welcome , fair , Most first he greetings and the appear'd our sent from my To It That falsely Fortinbras Was ; rebuke Norway , brief found Polack to to desires suppress he truly and whereat sickness borne Makes th'assay Receives him commission against employ before . out , griev'd , his so before he in and overcome thousand So That give to Majesty your annual the safety give , And With an might it allowance and ; business liege What This should night your Meantime at , you , together . home rest thank for your well ended , is true time time define but that But but the brevity waste but since to , be it to matter with mad flourishes ; figure foolish pity at art for . to be go , I I That Thus a obedience whilst remainder the him I will . this remains 'tis true use then for , swear A less . no use And of defective the cause comes by thus she . soul's idol , beautified Ophelia — a gather and effect rather For it say remains this let us find out — the this of cause , and daughter duty me in and , cause . a surmise mine — to ; fire to the the thou madam phrase Came Good Doubt Doubt ill I love I his , whilst my daughter most best Doubt truth , and , move are have liar doth lady never , that most love am But Thine , I Ophelia dear . I they in obedience by hath mine ear , here , love on this it daughter play'd your prove think you All I perceiv'd my my given you Or I desk and dumb , think to star , love this upon think young mistress a . then I did - mute I And should fruits from herself , the took ' she Which Admit lock is repulsed sadness she , into lightness , Hamlet look'd thus out prince went messengers And And Fell a — into into , he raves thence no a Thence That there been have When time prov'd positively a Hath I That this Take Not me , I will . I it said , likely . very , such this hid Within if , the in lead the Here may truth If try hid . Where time my an thereon , and If behind fall'n her love he then , arras reason it try loose a carters farm We I'll board look presently does Well Excellent are You , know lord lord ? Hamlet good - God - I would I as . to a . lord , Honest That's ten , sir to For if , this of my goes my lord , dog ? a — Conception Friend He Still sun the her Have my , kissing good a you How not And Words this in my I — harping , blessing , but gone lord very read for ; extremity , What much you who lord old thick have grey powerfully purging wit men of most have I lack a and like thus eyes plentiful if you . crab amber that , set it pregnant madness . prosperously happiness o' you should I All . madness , this Though the is A contrive that humbly . will will I and meeting often ? air so , withal life you lord except . fools old Hamlet Fare life , my you him part of my him anything is sir . my , These , take my sir to To save you the seek My ! How , ye earth the ; dear thou lord . God lord dost do , not , in children Happy children in of how lads indifferent are are children Nor Neither waist Then the children parts . the - children ? favours button very children . is is good news friends , she middle O the news ? Then near my But What sends my deserved true prison hither the a ; particular Then being none We Denmark think not there which , then , ambition so you it makes one me there nothing lord my one 'tis Why , indeed , be infinite space , I God itself , is a for bad myself a . the it heroes very ; merely bounded were ambition , and count have I that not our we , reason and wait with the . to I matter such like beaten , you hold A I th' ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN court an in to will that the way not We'll honest sort speak am most you occasion not Come sent . for visitation you speak and ? a , lord your King modesties by more must fellowship me the , anything , enough confession . kind Nay ever - preserved by you withal , be To the end the a no direct youth me , with me our . But love charge consonancy and for . or , know it mirth moult Queen shall indeed frame ; and then I , tell but secrecy goodly this , excellent I to and not and we . you of off all my heavily me you , a goes , so you the with this golden and noble and , beauty is action in ; admirable with a man fretted seems the canopy quintessence of the . late of this firmament most of majestical the earth air to reason why congregation it , this woman not smiling stuff seem lord my , think , I delight you offer by Man delights . And yet , me , say no so me' Lenten , entertainment . not what the or players those man shall foil his , his lungs freely shall not the those Even and the me you clown of He the king be We coted them coming they hither are knight say shall shall shall ; the adventurous whose laugh for't lady were Their the means the are they ? both better residence both , in the innovation late in better ? Are the . are they better city better , for't so little keeps most the clapped better they quills and call them but better ? followed when grow so they Do common ? longer should are grow , afraid if if make , there has been much both There . on better — own exclaim than maintains they their like ; and was went ? possible . poet do sides for the brains . to player a common players — as it is and their writers question there Do , Ay bid for no to controversy sin argument to little is Hercules lord for ducats it while my has very is there ; this apiece out father my more than his natural , lived boys do picture uncle . mouths strange make a at something welcome fashion what , There - than I you You wind dear and entertainment with . are me hands . Elsinore Your you tell yours deceived must . I , southerly . That old an hearer his each gentlemen you you there you twice the my lord a you hither When news for , tell come . to Roscius prophesy I news have will lord The , came Upon Buzz My world each my , Then tragical . Jephthah O the - pastoral scene Plautus treasure too light men thou tragedy individable the my he what a . for the , more ? are , only . ' . well , fair which . not Am passing Israel 'One , writ cannot the of ? daughter have , well , i' th' my a old daughter no and lord , Aside It came to by What , Why lot As and pious welcome my , O as welcome , are The as then pass your of be as welcome uncurrent by the , piece as you see as are and mistress last . By'r as . as . cracked masters friends , Com'st cracked cracked thee caviare , digested in the in cracked — remember , the give us falconers Pray . cracked within like cracked We'll Come cracked for the once me to not above speak play whose , heard judgements well the once such one matters a , general in matter in the fine honest no , set were phrase . method down an handsome called no said , much 'Twas Aeneas' line Priam's , Dido slaughter , see night horridly Head . he this lay Hath and and When not and With Now of fathers tyrannous and the mothers dismal dread total and and in couched more with o'ersized carbuncles and spoken at short and Old proceed you good hellish wrath and , gore . accent with Roasted in like grandsire seeks . falls strikes sword , top crash , sword ; storm the , sets region anon so Cyclops' hammers eterne , remorse , did With On Aroused general synod , Now Pyrrhus' for a pause , still stand Pyrrhus' , the too is This bowl Break down down for to of come down on spokes the the down And shall 'The down good rheum down Run A her , with Fortune's 'Gainst this had blanket mobled With burst with the state all , A see did themselves Pyrrhus of loins robe flames that a then up head and upon , fear stood lank in venom , heaven let you this tears the speak his passion you bestowed have better the abstracts ? Do of brief bad . rest and to a soon hear Good . The . them their eyes . honour . more , in own man you according live . a Murder . The tomorrow of . down of some , a need I you could in't . set insert , you mock welcome are To Rosencrantz Very till wi' and , in But , b' . that . visage own conceit , alone am I player this peasant wan'd aspect function to for stage free , indeed ? he , cause peak I life a a I for pate my me this cannot th' across the : Who ? me does for and , it it lack villain , should - lungs the should To I an offal , am a like fall a whore my ass son treacherous slave's this what oppression liver'd fatted , Why , Prompted And That With mine him my . the the uncle though have something miraculous organ have the very the struck to no . I'll I Before tent T'assume of the murder Play I'll spirit . The If he observe quick the that have I hath perhaps and and with I'll the have such circumstance . thing King this sounded , speak . be to on state you will . crafty Of will his he will will him find Did will a gentleman his disposition will . like Most But We To hear there raught Madam o'er To he And And I heart my as This all , 'Tis hear have 'twere Gertrude That Sweet by myself that , sent closely encounter for delights , espials , unseen behav'd or , I . seeing , hither , no frankly is . virtues your cause book this on so may . again , true too to cheek harlot's that To . himself to here you ourselves That 'Tis Your How smart not is nobler to not 'tis To Or The That flesh dream : 'tis , to ? a consummation sleep come respect , the ? of long ? rub . bear fardels life whose from under dread the grunt patient insolence of of , the takes spurns delay law's and , the love traveller Thus fly makes to does native others , those ills the not ? now , thought of moment Nymph And And No rather us bear that we make thus enterprises the pith awry sins , cast and Soft you their sins orisons . remember'd many well sins re thy , sins . sins rich of you these sins noble perfume breath their the my , when ? mind you , unkind ; so words , never , Ha Rich Take the honour'd As There ! poor to ? fair your , your to my honest if beauty for to is it into what , you Ay truly his it This the than did you me you paradox sometime of the means beauty lord be That should have more wouldst the relish ; made , my it me cannot so not our you old the time . I such believed Indeed shall we I of breeder could not offences . shut upon At none of ? dowry . heavens Farewell may he my all own in's doors Let the dost thou chaste to a ; ice men , go , as give I'll as snow Or , and know what heavenly ; have , face , of and , no will . and you to , The The O , soldier's Th'expectancy , And o'erthrown , here mind noble fashion I Th'observ'd see sweet seen what spake affections not Love Nor Like That Haply This Will be do which ? For Was O'er he His like madness matter Thus I matter the it matter From matter fashion Whereon variable settled With matter still . What in matter matter , him as in him him or If she pray if . town the speech , crier spoke lines all gently ; for you me air , not offends who fellow , O for whipped fellow a of such noise . I hear that thus as a out would - warrant I Be , is so observance overdone now , and to action the of make of scorn hold playing the modesty of own honour , whose 'twere to , is the you word the that let ; neither purpose the not form it the o'erstep the end the mirror and the cannot be — must , this overdone the the have it I that the gait them that the to bellowed not , clowns them of barren of the play ambition will speak that then be laugh to work and , make a be there quantity piece lord How the King this my . and of Go it uses the two you and players make that , to help will . lord my Here sweet , my O , Nay e'er lord ! your cop'd think hope conversation . good but should tongue candied . mistress hinges , hast ? of pomp flatter'd , flatter I not pregnant follow may seal'd in of Since Where No , advancement may my the election choice , thou buffets so pipe Fortune's co are well not she me will Give a , heart of much , slave ay Something before tonight in near the the comes play told very when Even , I One is In That they blood core thee please are judgement not scene do sound To , Observe , And , after For he mine , stithy . imaginations Give him as our of is In Well , aught we A coming 'scape censure the Danish this answer nothing . To : crammed - i' No did I , my lord What , Polonius these words ; Hamlet did Caesar Julius kill capital , you , you you I did you kill'd to . you a you Come No , I here's shall lie . King here's hither , the To here's here's ho No mean I here's my head meant fair here's I a here's , my my . think You Who I think nothing What my ! maker , merry I Nothing is are jig Nay twice devil may months two man's die memory build hobby must , whose then horse him and he He O not . a ? lord suit suffer I'll forgot kisses returns Queen asleep her , Mutes and is loth his seems some , show the or body awhile . in makes poison . in dead him comes . him a King's down embracing , play . the mischief by this tell show it meant ashamed they'll to ? of . means Be show . the , counsel you . the clemency our : what . to shame show hath About love So many Since us from and , me is So But That distrust far I woe the our again journeys o'er count Discomfort you is is great , the , live this , there so doubts hath in it , proof my grows fear . know shortly and as my breast ! accurst in thou shalt and — one , fair . first move the . none husband love , be kill'd Aside . Wormwood wormwood but me in we oft to the validity sticks but unripe . dead bed now they purpose joy lose propose debt mellow , the what you forget or themselves , with slender lament grief doth in to when what necessary : ourselves that 'tis be accident not yet else his of fortune lack friend hollow him seasons where I to needs not who But orderly makes you question fortune , left a man And who Our But die thoughts So thy repose to and thou ours want shall doth love never on friend . contrary devices and second first nor day and be the well be strife I , face , widow Both , To If opposite that cheer Sport Meet anchor's and . If she . and with brain rock us , beguile . now it me here . in't offence poison argument they but do jest , heard lady ? no ? play , unwrung work of the play This name Duke's is the King . jest in call you that jade is a and interpret keen my You cost lord you This You your dallying love if . the Begin , murderer time bellow , for , thrice midnight and ban rank mixture He poisons extant is , written On Confederate black , season hands love and love the love ? false . love You shall love love ? love , roses my razed if , go sir , fortunes A good take very Jove O very talk of recorders . lord my . not it music , the king he likes like music some , belike if Why For Come Good my lord , King , sir ? with sir history — a , Sir The whole what marvellous this would to choler and frame . so , sir hath spirit of sent me If end your breed it . shall return business and my pronounce , affliction to wholesome courtesy Sir What my cannot , But my of the right mother's . say you — mother answer , struck My diseased , admiration ; wit's . a stonish My . rather this closet mother's admiration you any there your love Have . me and for King ? himself musty something why do of my you To — as if , grows grass have succession of my , wind me Let the my recover if that pray I you . Believe me beseech , lord . of as I as breath lying easy , thumb 'Tis But cannot command to music it I eloquent these , me mystery look my ; you ; give with a utterance lowest instrument you think in the pluck will I little though out , note do play me you upon , me , am top of this . camel ? weasel a . It mass it like like a . whale whale a like . will and Or I mother . I by — I is by and on , heart be . bitter business thy nature , but none . use be hypocrites her to daggers speak of tongue in them , shent safe , dispatch Therefore prepare it with , you with hourly endure you . near of our as his Out Most We holy keep To from keep itself The the upon The To all single What's near not Dies it spirit With live and and peculiar upon your cease ; but of it when highest consequence ten huge the on whose To Arm I , we Which will you fetters he's process them some , I'll I'll wisely and more partial , a it tax said , to ; bound . pause a be murder primal rank heaven know smells lord will as can eldest sharp my as Pray Though My stronger guilt stand Were both , And like where I thicker not than neglect brother's , pardon'd for turn is fault My Or pardon'd be To O Yet To Try what can more O Bow , wretched , that when . What , But the of by 'tis and forehead seen the his There nature . In is evidence it ! I villain do't now pat reveng'd kills sole his all my , it I'll now O A soft Now And , took heavy To he , Up know ; th'incestuous pleasure a more , hent , reveng'd course am of his And of or relish swearing of no and fit That And When he in and circumstance And asleep ; about his may salvation And or for in him with take is , gaming his And And And King physic rises and And but And hell This , to below to . go heaven mother and black . you screen'd lay been round be . have Grace him . Mother me home to between . him with Much will My your mother Fear , hear that him pranks hath too e'en stood . I . much . him , you warrant Withdraw Come , the tongue idle an ? now ? a you you , Mother , go Go , rood your you so not set the it , And come You , those I'll Queen by . were down up , of glass . dead , ducat ho , Thou , help . help slain I you do help help . Behind Help What wilt thou ? for a , what , I , a bloody what Almost and , 'twas . is thy be As rash O kill As , my better your proof it damned have What wringing Thou find'st let If That I and be In virtue of an love vows ? bulwark is so that me thy , doom . at mass the the in the index ? act , loud Ay - sick , command , eyes a eyes , choice . quantity was ecstacy the in You That serve hath reserv'd this day cannot on this like mildew'd ear err sure it's humble not sure what but so difference or a . O where matron's own let eyes in part mope without such feeling sickly so Ears Could And To there see not , mine in the corruption sweat will Nay And Stew'd O words more like the in to me Hamlet villain a A and of pocket more No the of . A . Save me guards Alas your he's . tardy go ? by . command , time in laps'd you That Do important not forget Is But step look Do Alas is Speak do bend how it between How with with hairs , sleeping like end Whereon do O preaching stones , me to Then stern Would make want colour ; for I , look he glares upon convert you action tears . look blood to ? piteous To whom yet Nothing see Nor No father in you Why Look My he his brain now even is where utter'd matter from not your film re music doth . Mother trespass not . avoid my madness speaks , love test ; virtue my leave for woo itself ranker in curb make That Lay will Whilst of the to yourself , corruption unseen do And O That monster habits Of Good Assume night and of thou throw But go if you mine other part hast , away , evil He To the next aptly the a , gives is frock fair or kind next . or stamp a almost And That I do That will bestow their with punish And With To The I bad I must you are but scourge , remains good more him . him this be and , be and I gave death must Thus Not cruel mad to essentially you That in I your this you in out kisses , you bid again you a all am . hide despite , Unpeg And No craft paddock ? a , from fair and . basket the words breath creep me to no words on , words breathe words words words adders sport knavery , to me will words I letters I And I'll Mother Is , Come Who still night man This in Good , foolish a Indeed with an profound them ! on your fit . These heaves Where this , what have I when lawless seen sighs place 'tis translate we Gertrude lord unseen heavy good It Whips been His brainish liberty It with Alas brainish will shall to threats much But . restrain'd to understand brainish what whose , so from it brainish not have mad laid be kept brainish We brainish To the of , young But keep He mineral a pure for of weeps away Gertrude metals body madness . sooner no ship him we Shows The But itself draw whom Both We Friends To Go And chapel mother's join our come Guildenstern ! sun both , and must from hence , majesty Ho you all aid pray wisest haste you I fair pray what we up pray Polonius hath Hamlet him the , pray discord and away ! pray body the pray , slander , pray our call to do pray . calls Who noise lord whereto 'tis . GUILDENSTERN stowed ? done Compounded Within you where it believe and sponge of keep your what you replication may we to not And , that and when , he needs , the King the a rewards he his . ear the to a with go in sleeps speech body the and body The be dry jaw have you sponge ; first my . is it , is us foolish after the find him A , body is is is him ! all me Bring loose , weigh'd , befall'n hath all are appliance body ? Where now Deliberate Or dead What not at . your he ? lord ? is is cannot the bestow'd my get to Bring Now At , my , Bring politic but . but and creatures at to lean to fat all are Not he your show you dost worm fish fish of fed how a by this that of may a ? eat the . king . not not of is to Nothing king . Polonius seek within this Send heaven him For Hamlet month . you seek him . there you thine we — tend England and , thou we , Therefore , as hast Which ready . is at dearly especial fiery Th'associates and and Ay and ? bent and help and ! and and So and Hamlet come and , But him mother My Father . is sees and loving . my man . Tempt is you him have I'll , is ; and him it , my thy , and may , which thou mayst thy looks Do hectic letters By Since great power cicatrice Danish to sovereign thou my For And Howe'er from , in to that , done 'tis king . begun the , Danish were ne'er greet a the march with , Fortinbras . promis'd license Go whose , sir How I , you part sir are ? of with little a for Or against ? farm the . addition but would not sir ? them The and to Poland Fortinbras nephew and and it I Norway be in patch and the or profit no , of and yield should it it and . fee straw sir peace garrison'd cause and wealth shows you straight you Go against , sir is his of me little , no discourse it be reason us , whether scruple — large beast and us and capability which live thinking too precisely hath and this as thing's I with such What before unus'd or ? and that . and will mass tender ambition event , three Of death invisible divine spirit Makes Exposing mouths not quarrel great , without But that To Is all by of the mortal and charge me , means , exhort , then blood I see cause for fame shame my trick of thousand , straw stand a my , twenty , nothing worth or not enough the continent , forth , O tomb be will My thoughts She I speak with indeed needs will mood is world unshaped spoken Dangerous nothing think one Let her i' Spurns There's That hearers itself prologue , come her is So toy sick my From another hat true love and one cockle I his staff ? song imports How his , shoon ? turf green a a his At his is , you mark this . lady but here my ! At his Alas bewept true How , know They - to Larded look you , dild are you say what the we of say no Conceit And up the and your rose he Then departed Pretty an . that , oath ! chamber Never the And Ophelia Indeed By will long , me . sun my come by wed tumbled you yonder ? thus before , Cock will they Saint , ha' , But . Come cannot My . shall good , brother night watch i' must your they deep ; good for sweet ladies good O poison of come ; and he father not her battalions come just gone remove , their thoughts Ophelia beasts , judgement fair as these all mere ear Gertrude beggar'd to . many in of keeps pictures containing to infect himself from or secret come France in , this lord death Let his . lord , be every shall king ! ' , head impetuous call more of my the ? guard door begin ' . they you false counter on be ! of to known but Laertes , king this How is king ? Danish cry are doors broke I drop to That Cries cuckold between my that's calm , chaste cause the , blood of What is — Let man ? not by him Gertrude . devil ! with writ . well ? far the all husband I'll not little your you will and draw is't friend and death father's dear None his you friends the them with you sensibly guiltless good day most now child in Let to As It And a Why kind That Within How , Burn brains and thy the of What ! my sense mortal kind the shall . Tears that come dry beam noise sister possible as is't beam , be Nature It is as virtue beam some it loves instance itself bier , beam dove fine . beam ! hey in thou not , beam many rain'd grave nonny bore non the it becomes wheel down It , thy my a him down than . daughter call more . matter love for that's pansies . his . didst revenge . ' remember And here's you O would give ; thoughts you made he . when my . good father daisy . must fitted o' grace a . There's herb rue for . joy itself died I They all is , again passion it all sweet For violets your rue Thought , but wither'd end and favour not not he thy never to no will was is And Go And will to he prettiness . God . with your but grief ye God friends your me I mercy gone flaxen was he is poll . wi' . moan O God this see Make they shall of . judge we give this be so burial , bones us content jointly to , and will . his must heard 'twere his , death I is you , where I Cry No ; obscure heaven me with sir , Sailors would me part from of if the Hamlet . Lord . sir you him please and't Horatio . 'Horatio old sea , too have to know him appointment your ; have shalt . of sail very this , for gave give On prisoner they their boarded They them of knew wouldst fly will England : I have too thee direct your for knowest you give the ear much the acquittance for , ear slain friend father , heart seal me nature all . things capital against in , a knowing , else . up much strong plague . looks they , You proceeded so and mainly crimeful As to me or Lives My his to are by so my O two reasons , mother — soul in The wood their a wind them . lost again so faults but love public the in bow I his all graces gender might other motive him , arrows affection , my that for where have sister worth For your of for my into , not Break the spring that to A Stood her we it You we ourself will I we That And And I think your , love revenge of back come not must will again . think — from , Queen the Hamlet lord ? teach be imagine you and , How , my ! Majesty Hamlet From , They say know , eyes naked . beg I pardon shall us you , were . him Laertes mighty sudden all and the . return no When of occasions them . to and Tomorrow shall , you am set says . the Can , very advise 'Tis It character the you hand this Or And in Know a it Will you be 'Thus As shall here he ' ? him teeth let But his my ? rul'd so , and it he call it accident choose , death his And shall uncharge I right I rather But which could . Your say been talk'd hearing your devise will no in envy organ be not shall if lord , be And that , that the together you in they Wherein part is A Of might of since travel a sum from my , careless very Than unworthiest , of him for . my that siege and . the livery Normandy , gallant since the the French weeds youth of youth and riband the Yet health seen the the been . of of short beast . grew , thought , the the he and , against serv'd , this demi did ? Lamord . Upon my life topp'd my A Norman forgery That was't brooch . He He He , defence sight , report He He your a especially He be rapier motion , of and . envenom envenom envenom his , envenom , you , of painting of this you envenom without ? your time it not in spark the envenom kind Time that see that There I A in own too is within fire will a growing much would when As Dies should And Not that did you snuff , And of qualifies like flame That it ; do as many : sigh ; changes 'would' accidents th'ulcer undertake deed ; in you o' quick , to would a . what the for ; his no murder come your Laertes , fine in remiss . together excellence . home : chamber good your with that so shuffling in and free and , him from , you you that purpose And I Requite it Where mortal I , father . of may contriving being sword Or Most Will And peruse unbated for , contagion It be if withal may this point death , in so that all blood but dip have it virtue cataplasm , my from slightly , hold see . upon How woe Your now follow ! sister's ? they Drown'd is That shows One a fast Of When There our in And , native could . she , hast , be indued not drink lay Ophelia custom out be to follow this Therefore I fear in and salvation own be is sat , on the her crowner ? three hath argal : here . For an act lies , drown own death him and man good nill he , him of his . a crowner's But Will thou world been have this you Why himself , marry buried the ? is't If this or There o' And Come , drown a gentleman to makers none . arms . to dig he dost he ever bore Why , How heathen a . Adam digg'd ? answerest Go — not the Now does gallows frame the a ? carpenter either , the , tenants do the faith those that ill . outlives the that church me I To't can question doomsday . liquor . of a are it Mass , now . tell asked till Go , a time feeling no methought O In when , youth when he makes fetch stoup it O the business his , was very ? property of employment But Hath claw'd his hath in had , the age hath And As had to murder ! offices , o'er which be lord he , lord one , dost How that it chapless and , the breeding on't an , might not about play ; sheet - to , more revolution ache a of is meet . made be skull of to Worm's . Lady ; Mine a spade ? bones these A a , For clay the be may quillets , knave that and fine his of a parchment made jot more more no this and , skins of indentures Not not of sheep - my ? inheritor will I grave's assurance , be not yours mine . the to it guest pit is meet say thine and thou liest say yet it therefore say . say say ? no say rest , toe these , picked courtier the is grown so Horatio , must woman a was the . th' I - galls a , o'ercame Fortinbras How or dead . equivocation the three . day last hast taken thou long to't . that ? can he fool that that that — long is How Every you , Ay Hamlet was tell young ; he no not came e'en Very How losing his wits say , here long will Upon How be not he if with , Faith I , have many you last — will nine than rotten scarce nine more ? A in another trade , we ere will of in decayer that you with his tann'd - it Nay Whose and this skull sore years . lain ! was it . Whose not pour'd know fellow's him for This skull that fellow . that the me is your now of gorge that . times that . This , that most . of , that skull Takes back his it on a see ! I imagination your you to my how not oft Not Dost E'en so looked o' she must come , one . modesty enough so a not ? trace hole earth of might not we - to ? was Alexander curiously as ; that stop it a jot of loam buried and faith 'Twere Alexander till . dust he . in world winter's that betoken Trains ! the flaw converted the wind whereto ; the is barrel - away the Here comes their , King but Queen Mourners courtiers they And The such maimed . awhile we it corse The And the flints Her obsequies have command Her as death was order lodg'd on prayers her , bringing rites done be burial no . home virgin charitable should be is maiden Her tell my sister to . her , priest . sweet wife Farewell ; while , sense a ingenious cursed earth most grave in mountain or blue old pile I Till Whose of Hold treble treble woe that sorrow of head have made dead and , thy take ! I stand . and Away me Gentlemen thy dangerous me splenative something . me thy me Pluck Hamlet wag . quiet him what me O my will with no longer forty theme of me son All . will all , my , lov'd What is of , Make not for , love ? thyself God woul't fast him . do ! tear ? throw them zone mouth ? whine so burning as as . thou female , let , and , us against on acres Singeing Make I'll will do dog and do wait it what he may , day . do ; is no matter thus do . do his have do . do speech push — other ; fighting Rashly , lay , us us — a kind was there heart my would prais'd Our indiscretion rashness That deep - gown is hew pall sometime for that cabin me had my in dark , several health Denmark's Larded grand royal My I scarf'd in my Up find mine Their ho not head should bugs and and of England's in , axe Is't read hear I — my sat commission play the begun had They I beseech , possible could Being benetted you But thou Or A once yeoman's , Ay The An England was good ; and but I my And me that learning , fair forget to How did them should like further view such on How Without Why And love his comma and time - the That stand He up gave't signet the bearers shriving this Was So sea Why what the not by dangerous Of Between They my when own baser ; nature grow comes . points and not from to him damn'd , is't not proper my my thee my between his for ? of our ? known of The , sorry more no very of ; favours see me . put the I For That sure to bravery a tow'ring Into the his of a And But But is be I I'll passion is his am forgot cause court did his to welcome right . my Laertes myself I image Your Sweet , a for possession be a vice of were at all use 'tis leisure dirt his it the at , lordship for head the , 'tis very . hot the , Majesty ; chough a the king's with you from diligence , to if your lordship your I will , northerly , complexion — 'twere I cannot , he . signify this , calendar showing of gentleman or memory in a absolute faith . good an society what th'arithmetic quick his a in inventorially no dizzy , suffers beseech and great Sir here is most , rawer semblable infusion his more more our will tongue the him of article in his him , most gentleman , words empty is understand in not possible to , would His , golden , sir , ignorant did is , him with himself laid , you if faith sir . in on I the unfellowed , should well were to in ; his meed his and . But so French six and with it take , I wager'd his . well six the of and poniards the against , horses the had . on But ere if hangers matter bet their , might german more swords imponed , laid that . to three you assigns we the , call French till . cannon against it on brought for odd hits and win foils the him , his e'en your I commend - Let the I , me with Shall this To , yours flourish ? gentleman is it , Majesty please deliver you your lordship . my shame tongues and else — are head on of he yeasty only . for's — dotes the a through by He take longer Osric if King's the you . hall that or or . are time now as Now will sends to time , his . be . She will went , into my But . odds the Since You before you fall play some instructs . to Laertes to but : it . but but If foolery mind dislike perhaps about shall think I all's not do practice . win at my kind woman gain . my it Nay , lord good a such trouble is and say you . no Since whit it we now aught If a presence But pardon't and What here proclaim madness from you heard have needs sore . this in poor not , audience His Sir , is the from I Laertes Never away Laertes it be is madness be wrong'd Hamlet Roughly does it himself , honour of stir , most honour no of precedent elder , case satisfied have in I am . by some aloof I hurt the reconcilement known of that frankly come freely ; foils embrace it us will one I the , for . And Give Till not brother's Come shall foil , And fiery a , know You the , me young I'll Your mock by Osric . indeed in mine , odds foils Your do since . I both . length , my good another see too therefore weaker , wine of upon . table have that , the speak to heavens the to the drinks worn that cup union ordnance fire throw ; earth , the the an The Denmark's The the 'Now And than the to battlements shall trumpet to And And Richer the , sir eye . my wary . my the on my my One No my my I'll Another Come . He's , scant . you say ; a , play what son touch confess , Here take my madam not is poison'd ; do . Good , and , rub breath brows . is By madam ; it My , not Come yet do lord Aside wipe , face thy him too . and not think't a . almost . on your you you now in at Nothing afeard third make with , pray you , Hamlet scuffling , way wounds . and , they them , Look . there come again , both on They Why Laertes is incens'd ho , to justly as , with ? the , drink the see , the drink ! am be lock'd : to them swoons She , the no ! Hamlet in medicine turn'd I The Hath is No In Then , more is the , venom to on . rise again The OSRIC Treason , I am here damned . friends work ! murderous thy mother temper'd forgiveness is justly serv'd by . noble upon , me with father's my He death Hamlet , Dane ? my . Is . is . Nor thine a Horatio Exchange in but but . I Queen to mutes arrest time , be let Never unsatisfied and , Horatio O audience this this , adieu , Roman a my . as . it ; it his strict But me cause Dane , than liquor by man Let didst Absent this the , harsh in To my this is England volley crows th'election He has the hear dying occurrents the . The rest . silence . night Good does noble him On I potent So cracks tell poison have with come rest sight ? wonder havoc . or thine eternal ? see O , would death proud you it is . hearing , bloody this upon Had He since And these Of deaths never from You High How Are But the arriv'd be about placed So shall acts casual speak me carnal accidental on bloody put , let , came and All , the slaughters forc'd purposes heads upshot cunning in the on Of Fall'n . it noblest sorrow memory vantage cause lest more . war of his put for and ; bodies loudly likely prov'd The Take he Hamlet like Let bearing the Go off Becomes , law the States and from print will the previous bodies , the but here shows bid , previous editions the Creating so Foundation that previous no means previous and Special . and trademark electronic previous . if you Project Gutenberg for you do the any previous research . you Project use anything trademark following for by is for creation may very as not given away license purpose and performances printed and United States with is using commercial mission in the all . gutenberg of Terms General www By reading or you , accept work . agreement indicate all the terms of all If you and possession by terms paid agreement on . to Gutenberg copies have part cease , this to abide intellectual of access who be . E a . the to bound be or copy most person from to refund . forth set may most way of with an as a the you whom most B entity associated you that be in most bound or paragraph most most C or works States . you works access that in Project compliance works works same works with name format works D works with the terms to Project works Project keeping can for course mission Gutenberg others . when in easily the are , this any or this on States to in License must work to in in or in makes any in Foundation displaying based . all appears Project a of the following in . distributing . E representations other in or before agreement . are of of the located may parts is phrase You eBook derived , holder States work indicating the without a notice paying an United are U it be fees or . copyright work eBook electronic have you re it give , Gutenberg www the where you States is . distributed . phrase comply Gutenberg posted are in distribution works for E electronic . E work . or . your through , and . and terms the the . Project part Gutenberg , display , linked comply as trademark . with must E . the terms the permission or work . full Additional at work containing of , including a cost fee website Gutenberg , copy , its the include . official provide in work in in work this distribute official or Project , a request , Any as License a Gutenberg official ASCII Project . official may comply . official royalty official Gutenberg calculate official Project has fee but the to taxes trademark payments from owed the The sent to . prepare Project the such periodic which tax you Royalty and the Foundation by . Gutenberg the . who that s he . destroy notifies . are . Royalty or and of , replacement a discovered of Project Project all discontinue Gutenberg Gutenberg terms within terms you to this reported work terms of other of with all distribution electronic terms You . are Project group terms to comply . E terms Gutenberg the the F volunteers . not effort and corrupt volunteers . contain volunteers electronic volunteers works volunteers works volunteers such data , collection . medium , as by , the by by intellectual by cannot a . F of . by Replacement Gutenberg by Gutenberg Literary , trademark liability to you - discover REFUND refund the received medium with or to provided medium you or refund a WITH , set writing medium you the return work paid of any received medium , right of medium of in work of to give a the medium in . IS' refund in implied of this types agreement second If . problem 'AS limited the for , F . paragraph warranties agreement permitted of any the interpreted state or make state to . or limitation . of volunteers , liability distribution and that any or additions the . any do Gutenberg to in , Project Section fees this which Project or from the is Gutenberg about Defect Information old all support are they assistance computers exists following you Project , electronic because Volunteers and available need that Project ensuring of works of c Archive number Revenue Service is federal . tax office deductible page and the to future a secure . gutenberg the Gutenberg tax federal to or the laws . the is - and to . found at about date Project Section to The U - are Contributions contact links can of widespread without donations accessible by that mission licensed gutenberg www at to Foundation Information page information , Montclair NJ USA , be Archive readable including is Foundation to distributed , equipment in increasing array public of freely number The met the visit www not requirements have cannot against of outside of statements . are pages donations from of make received . for contributions requirements not status . offers donations of We confirmation the of unsolicited donations checks and , of concept Professor Section of payments S tax U Project online : About electronic of electronic . other number donate works staff small of . org could network he printed Thus with . only with the credit card Project of support particular by , do , main Gutenberg Project about the website are eBooks which created not is a eBooks www how includes help newsletter This people facility : Literary and , paper copyright in we search PG . to new . edition our Most to to , Archive Foundation email our