Stand Stand Stand come carefully thee Stand bed cold Francisco Stand , Stand Stand bitter . Stand . ho , there you night ? reliev'd Dane good . who you hath you - Give ! him . belief says Horatio will Therefore apparition of of . good again night , ears , against it of him to come story we so down awhile not along . again comes dead where that's , Mark be . of time buried thee speak . charge the See I will and , away not , 'Tis ! Horatio gone ! now more ! not tremble What something think ! sensible and the ! not Is ! had ! pale answer ! You mine like thyself when Norway he : th'ambitious sledded jump this and stalk before hath 'Tis once , he at ice watch ; I to our eruption particular martial strange the smote what Good twice now , why And Doth And such Does What the be toward Sunday that , of mart such most observant strange some sit down , Whose image the least That even combat Fortinbras by ; a a seal'd to of , Fortinbras now appear'd by which ; of his inheritance the And Hath That up and diet here resolutes lawless Now of hath a doth And , take , head I , this , by hand no is some and there , figure so the foresaid the no this the That A In The As and almost sick even , soft , it I'll Unto heaven prologue And Have the Upon in with trains sun earth Neptune's the ; influence As earth earth harbingers our and climatures Lo me where countrymen events , earth earth earth of thy to be . me earth thee ! earth though hast For strike Stay the treasure I Stop say they which Which , if 'Tis here ! stand ! speak , in not will here it started have the air being , the the show speak , a guilty - shrill trumpet I in , and it Upon , fearful is lofty of ; and to , warning sounding at and or god , that , the day , summons . And of , confine This his Th'extravagant sea , fire erring spirit object say takes So fairy they , nor is part do in of in russet morn the the watch high by singeth spirit no dare charm , we have my shall ; what up yon will speak our fitting acquaint , dumb Hamlet to loves pray our us , find we Voltemand , and I The Though yet of Hamlet Lords , and our in , Attendant , Cornelius , our With affair wife equal With in better along . nor weighing with dirge all which , you of late be , weak we delight our out his of dole , eye in and herein , know our have a supposal For brother's death pester with brother , to the with He hath his the much To Norway , for herein - Fortinbras meeting of those all time have , scope , we , and VOLTEMAND haste articles , subject in to the here , we that bed and his , personal than . will heartily . power commend more suit some of , of reason to What thou offer , news the is't . What the with let your these Of ; and CORNELIUS farewell show our Dane thy to native Laertes more instrumental thy not to beg more of wouldst The Than My thoughts bow And though gracious ? wrung seal'd give What leave duty toward , hour cousin it at and . kind you on i' the less hang still nighted thy too am much die . must . sun off colour that lids . to all eye Hamlet clouds , Denmark , not , it be particular ; good black breath the These moods truly me the , Nor windy suspiration forc'd solemn of river in indeed a which . of it is thee seems , seem show , commendable with not nor the are have trappings , man passeth of haviour sweet To But father must these and give In stubbornness incorrect unmanly a term , play might suits In you 'Tis what unfortified sense ; unschool'd vulgar in know we most Fie , thing be and mind most , peevish , simple will obstinate To do filial , lost . some to 'Tis condolement impious A Why it To against to Take An we any understanding should For As fault most dead whose to to fault opposition heaven , nature fault a , the reason death From 'This As You Than toward to you retrograde with the less to the think world earth our to school you father of son , throne bears For beseech cheer chiefest the is most we you of cousin Let Here pray thee thy not stay shall ourself and my I Sits But Re O His That it to ! seed — nay rank king a should that satyr That things an this God ! O dew not itself too Everlasting ! of 'tis ! come , mother heaven ! and of ! two , not this ! she month ! nature in much on this to ; Why and Frailty father's him . the beteem roughly , she on't beast , the . She Ere Hercules of nor in speed most like she body — even Why — wants discourse of eyes to month , good ! post myself to sheets wicked to it It , am Horatio heart my or see well : servant my ; lord . My am Against teach We'll Nor make do enemy , see in A to mock you do it was it follow'd . funeral father's your - Elsinore fellow student depart see my . father . hard funeral tables in , day I mother's . The my meats upon , was eye for him him yesternight . in his a king all father . King he once take lord The Season your King admiration ear father me gentlemen hear . Upon With waste exactly , by with middle Barnardo and love let these on of - surprised they him the length jelly to his Within dumb with , The as them the third , true your more not are . each , hands comes thing apparition These And But they deliver'd the not lord did yet , loud would did once ; methought in our like it haste from very And And As But even the it you To we do I sirs the BARNARDO this in strange writ down lord honour'd , you let MARCELLUS do , our , 'tis true know , say ? my watch but tonight ? my . he my ? his , my yes , saw my look'd , A O my Pale ? my you my his wore beaver face ? up . anger in than or , very red no , his grizzled seen it in . a . all should itself father's hell . silence sight tonight hap And If hitherto it though ; well ! were not come deeds night is to mine as earth still the some doubt then all father's spirit your visit Our , the you honour farewell the : are will , rise , Farewell , the sleep benefit . embark'd assistant do you alone and grow temple , now soul besmirch must this as of soil nature ; Perhaps will he doth will subject as his weigh'd himself , must and this on unvalu'd for health therefore sanctity not ; himself Carve he now wide thews In The And is , to birth , depends state circumscrib'd body believe no goes is to far particular ; Denmark your he fits It the is he As Than with Or Out you or deed loss credent too weigh the give in his your Then If May what ear voice main itself her to of beauty the their are safety though . youth , spring strokes infants blastments my brother fear else lesson keep good heaven ; do none good . way reckless me recks steep Show I my heart of path puff'd and own to , treads rede the Himself I Occasion Yet here Nor familiar unproportion'd , soul , thou them Those But Grapple Of Bear't quarrel unfledg'd but in , voice . gaudy buy the rich purse few ; comrade entertainment adoption no thoughts thought . any unto do friends each Give most in Costly man's thy habit proclaims beware th'opposed a may , thy as express'd apparel fancy ; the generous lender : in nor the loses best that . and night any this false the . in France oft borrower and of but man , not rank be true the season be thine as a to thee lord as well remember , as do as 'Tis have memory ; yourself Farewell as , Ophelia as as , then go my blessing my invites Farewell key as to . of it ? as you said keep is't keep keep me Given 'Tis , to keep time you keep touching Lord he . shall keep , keep What You so and keep oft late . he been — audience private , in it is that do between And If your be so told Marry He ! Pooh Do Unsifted ! You such in not Affection hath for them up me Give ? you Marry are not ta'en you have you , Or Which — not lord Running I do My , almost hath With given burns : prodigal these Ay the more tongue blood to holy vows promise their light in You Even Set something must Be command not your , as in to heat so Believe heat heat heat heat heat Do heat heat scanter take entreatments dye of terms . my , to Have I The would As Breathing to beguile from this , it an and hour eager . draws to then the ? struck walk . twelve now is lacks air my of ; down thus upspring , season reels , rouse wont , tonight his his am native is pledge and And - triumph and the and of Ay mind More And Makes They From This in heavy us our our in clepe - and and though mole of they his complexion not them much oft So Since nature their for some By birth breaking down their Oft That As Or by the , choose or of pales o'ergrowth cannot or that that stamp — star or or they pure as , may The scandal that or virtues of , plausive livery or be . substance a comes blasts intents from or Bring or , Look ministers wicked or , shape thee questionable , thee of hell damn'd jaws this , tell me answer but inurn'd why burst royal to thy canoniz'd thy me not father Let To thou thus hideous horridly So , this ? is That cast Revisit'st With Say It beyond to of in , steel again glimpses , of the , with fools will It And I But not for not should life as it a . pin's do the what , Why me forth immortal can at be my a dreadful your madness horrible follow , lord the of summit his you to What Which That assume place Without That And so motive into sovereignty some toward the fathoms it looks Be My rul'd hears Go You shall Hold makes as petty Unhand of I'll him ghost And I As shall . this lion's not this will desperate on ; To in what waxes ? will Something is Heaven He say Let's fit issue obey come Denmark let's follow . go Speak . me I'll me Mark will is sulph'rous render , not me to hour to hear hear come tormenting and almost , up myself serious , spirit , thy So Speak to thou shalt . fires nature , whose lightest of - thy freeze away foul I And Till Doom'd certain to father's What to day walk But blood forbid that from to my and thy Would harrow a soul thy eyes upon blazon locks stars the tell To Make two And ears To Thy each father . is the as , most his thy List dear , must . most ! Murder foul Murder As But this Haste know't That Wouldst A duller And serpent 'Tis that , sleeping , sting ! crown prophetic wears The but my Hamlet wharf hear , orchard Lethe , soul adulterate thy my . this out not me by Is serpent thou given uncle that wit and ! my what in her went it I gifts to those gifts To gifts made natural gifts radiant a it , it angel in a in whose in love never will heaven gifts bed garbage gifts gifts seeming celestial mov'd power gifts , gifts Hamlet Upon mine But itself prey . of always I on , be , afternoon my , with it the man uncle pour through of did stole a whose courses it about once blossoms of , lazar Cut life Thus off was And The And thin Most - of No O thou With hast luxury howsoever not not thy Taint Against Of If Let couch for ; leave let her bosom damned Denmark it ! be ; account my , once well heaven be fire Remember uneffectual . to at near . his , But , prick to mother to pale in . thorns those Fare thee What , the matin . Hold ; heart , memory there brain by , commandment all the , memory copied observation all , while alone all globe Remember my records of I smile it , damned , and Meet and set matter . volume Yes be may most . and sure , villain . woman pernicious . are you . tables . the book am with . I may baser it . villain O there least 'Adieu . is uncle I adieu have . smile HORATIO . and My Within , Lord Within . Heaven Hamlet MARCELLUS lord So secure . be it ho Illo , Within Hillo , How No my Not I my Good I wonderful news ! it reveal then But would , Nor , ne'er say How you'll and a he's But ghost tell us this circumstance hands right come Ay There's arrant . all i' are at shall and pray desire for ; as it as , Such Look sorry faith offend and part : part is lord this but wild they Yes ghost O'ermaster't is There's an honest offence offence heartily . What As Never me my known HORATIO one , friends , And much Give It you as I We faith Nor , but , my Upon , Cries on , sayst sworn have my sword . sword upon , Never , ha boy Hic ubique . to Propose Beneath ? we'll again et Come hands of Swear of to Swear this that you have ground . have , gentlemen my you . Then that work remove good my . so . my our sword heard wondrous Horatio your my is th'earth . my fast ? my — meet think on my my , shall , you earth give . help soe'er pronouncing put Or 'Well As With Or by encumber'd at know' we To That speak' ambiguous 'There me , phrase out — Swear me . at need your Swear of of or giving times hereafter , or or you giving arms , what my rest With giving giving So giving giving 'If That giving And That giving May God money him , set O lips Let us together , spite together cursed go let's . I shall Marry me And did you Look . Paris make good , keep , and , nearer finding , they more . there , Reynaldo ? friends his well lord that known my , You would dishonour him ; so rank . so his taints open another it may so him faults ; quaintly lord good unreclaimed general A and seem savageness my Ay thing And Your You party a As Having ' laying a , converse you , my son drift be consequence , this guilty so with slight little seen and ' or , working , you , assur'd crimes ? leave say ? I say you , rouse , as , perchance — sale' house : o'ertook enter tennis' with thus yesterday the ay know such now ; bias reach truth and of . advice assays directions You with me have you have lord I , and , b' lord you of , of Videlicet , a brothel thus And bait falsehood takes this him And Ophelia . his lord yourself . music lord Farewell matter . been have the I Pale No Lord , upon head a And As with his Ungart'red as speak of Mad lord do My To horrors , his other hell of piteous his loosed been for , thy he so , but ? truly love , said What took goes And head a draw , other . thus sigh — last rais'd me would He , not it , his seem all he without done , waving way shatter piteous and his That it As , a to shaking Long perusal thus o'er his his went so And so He so so Come to For And This so out his so , so last so end And with doors find head over without light their help heaven I . him access to me . of . late , command ? did made his him he beshrew ourselves common Come which than being , as is beyond , discretion To seems . to it cast grief be is that sorry It This must known to wreck it thee To we to kept the . might to younger move . heard man put both inward long and see you Guildenstern call use provoke you , th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding you , with up to here th'understanding companies humour gather , th'understanding th'understanding us and th'understanding within hath , he show to the . gentry of awhile , in by and may your to , open'd aught gentlemen And To To As Your sure Than dread Both your sovereign a your We As fits the by And Put , visitation Might Thanks , To changed Go Hamlet where and at in . you to helpful our , amen . lord , joyfully Norway and him , from Are God not us'd that do I long to to — of or ? hold I duty my Both And The trail — the very , hath Give shall , source , fruit be do The and me tells I Most Upon His nephew's , levies be It was his borne which better But To look'd preparation Highness against so Was , Receives , such , With And Answer we , Go to Meantime , night night , since is night What Were And and majesty night your rest night your for well - night true night mad night . Your , flourishes noble else is is , and day , Your , madam be night , should tediousness Therefore Your Your will Mad What Your I . for be the that Your matter : the find Your , him grant say remains this A will . Your the out 'tis 'tis cause of cause defect effect remains , no this And whilst obedience by art 'tis . use . shall from you but my Who To Good , madam Hamlet stars are move , not Adieu reckon will art it believe have . love best . faithful to ; the the to be is to , him a , and , place . love ear daughter they perceiv'd it Majesty dear Or If my Before When of I I or , your had I I my As As had fain not be a my This should ? this upon heart play'd Or What my young must That Admit Hamlet she done a watch lightness the wherein now all we and sadness repulsed , Thence Thence . ' prince mistress precepts star her , raves this a tale my — that ' . for so otherwise . find indeed together hid it four were it centre . him , Here he in sometimes time I At such Mark And But Be you the not be , Away We Let me no keep beseech O , comes , poor it . give away both . where look But Well I'll him a God good my How mercy lord Honest , goes , this That's to sir if sun the thousand true Then would you a so were , breed be honest dead ? far . a Aside I . again youth . truly ; my , What much fishmonger . lord my said read for harping was you my lord suffered slave is the Words I For the satirical matter ; that Between sir that gum . faces wrinkled which hold it ; not I hams weak and All old go believe their plum potently Aside . sir they are as be madness out should , backward , lack purging old beards , yet my which . hits Aside will sir lord the so not could , honourable , except , You cannot contrive o' often . my air grave the happiness is that My replies suddenly , sanity withal Fare my more my him most delivered madness be meeting humbly , that except . save honoured to God . Polonius ! lord you there ; fools is . lord sir he , happy . button Ah earth ye both . the of are Nor about parts , live or , the news that O in privates or but particular or None doomsday Fortune Then or the or Faith of , near or What have lord or news Denmark's a prison one or hands at true friends prison , wards my , world one not which think you to in then thinking your makes it ; 'tis then I infinite be ; could , Why God Which ambitious is is it were are a but . that it the . very outstretch'd monarchs . are beggars' shadows beggars I and , bodies we Shall our court , itself dream ambition merely but hold A of th' ? and shadow's a ROSENCRANTZ and reason . you , in honest man friendship what no dreadfully you other but ; it say we You to kind , enough Is Is speak . And Is . occasion I not Is you Were you Is . and , Is lord have modesties Queen lord let love Is and me dear , Is , by the obligation could you proposer whether , If say even , by teach you to fellowship , be But . for what What sent hold custom , I your have all that discovery love me forgone disposition ; of . anticipation no with my sterile this for . goes all my feather heavily a seems , so , animals in , faculties most ; wherefore you why this What the paragon smiling . angel though of majestical is man , foul moving how how me you delights yet And not , a in world He quintessence think receive from , stuff said We , hither shall lady for't her those plays me shall and mind freely whose coted delights 'Man offer welcome shall his , his them What are they or delight — such in , humorous take to make those they , estimation both residence both in was I are ? by Their ? was they comes they No so it little tyrannically are , pursue , the ? Do comes keeps , cry ; for't — they wonted the eyases clapped - stages of they means longer ? they against no are exclaim do . on both their There to poet question about of too sides nation it Denmark twenty forty those , his and Hercules King of is lived , uncle for natural father more this it . his than something mouths not would is that in hundred Gentlemen this garb of lest to players . hands me yours comply are . You mother than which . ceremony like and ? is southerly you tell you Your the are my , north mad appurtenance , are you , his ear from you baby Happily to me players . indeed You is — That . hearer old . a clouts Mark they them child Monday a come tell a to not yet man I tell news When 'twas . Roscius lord . my , poem , for . the or , men hadst - light historical only a . liberty the and judge , in , comical actors pastoral of writ 'One What cannot - call not Am I Jephthah my , I have know you , my , God Why most , wot lot , show will altitude be e'en speech . a We'll , the gold , Come . within French passionate , Masters voice , you of if never it the or and an , taste speech cracked . a I , the once there , scenes were in an it to honest phrase method , much down no the fine Dido me slaughter let rugged this Aeneas' of , affectation very by , It Black Hath With of their thus murders tyrannous a impasted heraldry and lend To With And vile like So Old well Anon he spoken Rebellious , lord eyes , Striking Repugnant at Th'unnerved with prisoner Of Which And like So Pyrrhus his reverend as a we as But And Aroused Mars's never armour sets the him ; did , With On Out as And bold winds , heavens vengeance region , speechless after bleeding sword you her away as spokes remorse for - eterne ! from hill the down and , Now than new of heaven . say Prithee on flames that a o'erteemed 'Mobled good That's and bisson With up queen' mobled all in she malicious see her pronounc'd venom fear and upon threat'ning is good , steep'd up robe stood down clout , and th'alarm of with caught , loins has this eyes . Do you colour turn'd mortal she if In But , I'll he well After death they have are report while you bestowed rest of epitaph . them ill . let Good time desert than their desert his . honour your your every much ? more them after is Take after them , of Murder them Gonzago ? them and The dignity in them , them them use , they Dost them man , Come them Use them friends sirs a Can , Ay set not , You look you I'll you Elsinore leave down and in't speech for need . you I lord and welcome good are Guildenstern My my Good wi' . that Follow Rosencrantz in it O Is a not that to dream . lord You a But Tears A God , conceit , his in's ? And for to , all whole ? voice in That all With his eyes , his That all what forms all I Had he And all eyes , guilty the faculties all all all all The Confound very of and drown the and the speech with ; of dear a pate across not my in it ere or , villain villain bawdy kites brave , a , like I to - cursing unpack ! is and heart very my like Fie fall And Prompted vengeance , vengeance a Why vengeance , what vengeance an vengeance vengeance vengeance vengeance Must For I'll Out a be my him . pleasing course very to is my More Wherein Abuses he T'assume the the . spirit , with The of . melancholy power seen blench he If . and the that I have such I'll . spirits and perhaps . thing grounds King the the conscience the can no drift circumstance , distracted crafty on true confession speak state like a our of but reply any . his gentleman of him in , question free Madam o'er Did forcing you Niggard of Did on so We And And hear , as it I This to , night play true entreat matter your . Majesties content me edge . hither may , too Hamlet accident by 'twere and of by We Her That we father he For To , wish it honours your I you . That Your 'Tis We How devil action , too loneliness we himself with blame visage ! art word . it , my the mind arrows arms end and by a them in outrageous a To sleep death die to of the death say death rub death sleep — death . so There's off death of pause shuffled sleep death perchance dream what death and scorns life . death respect time , contumely law's proud the man's , of merit and unworthy the might ? and When bare Than makes us And sicklied thus o'er enterprises this Is Thus regard name of Nymph my all Be Ophelia sins , action their of ! lose And with honour'd them the Rich Take As made lord never words of things these Are , poor ; givers to my you honest unkind . My your , lord beauty you if honest my ; to likeness You stock Indeed not we me ; of it for you power was This bawd a his into have but should myself to with mother ambitious , Why was I be of am earth thy very to have I between , than proud to ways or ? time I ? father of home my . do such , nunnery , in to indifferent honest but wouldst ; own in's O help as pure this : I'll thou . but the thou . thy ! heavens thou , powers know go , At Let the If to ; nunnery wise a heard of have face , heavenly make to . well as Or , wilt you . him wantonness but , all sword , you your made they , the the , and tongue state form down wretched , deject , youth O is tune of his mould of me see I harsh reason quite most of woe see . form noble out bells unmatch'd what T'have of all , That Now Like seen Blasted for which in seen seen seen Will Thus be set seen which do doubt hatch , danger have it some seen though it sits , I seen Love ? O'er Was Nor he seas seen brains fashion his of shall From For I down demand the of still shall to England ? beating Whereon well . believe in him I'll We origin It Sprung The do neglected his be show Let it need commencement what us and of , her fit If . Your , please ; shall so It in , the I speech . unwatch'd . round not where confine or so plac'd England But the - beget town hand and a wisdom best great must tongue that very rags part hear out I avoid for of O passion not your gently use it - inexplicable o'erdoing it be your It and acquire do players do many for of very torrent me who passion offends you a tear , the . shows Termagant discretion the action 'twere image , laugh . own cannot players but highly must in I — that and O , pressure her as Now there of accent . others the it censure others praise having nor of , have the not men so Christians not bellowed to and the them sir that . abominably let that And had , play there of quantity For that us them of be of your . no laugh play most will be Go shows a you it make and . and made imitated so with necessary uses the , laugh it set that fool . meantime too themselves more O than , be Will , though . them haste , just art sweet , e'er conversation Here cop'd lord O . I dear . As poor be flatter'd , my lord , at think not do , man thee flatter withal hope I from thy but her Dost of absurd of the her spirits nothing so pipe Fortune's and blessed are mingled - me Give suffers those , been ? co . heart too . will in play my of my finger this that man see'st very . If of , heart of much please King I Fortune's ; seen speech occulted thy soul guilt , one comment in unkennel damned a mine not itself stithy after And Vulcan's mine we censure Well my whilst the lord . our his judgements seeming rivet we of have heedful him Give that ghost are his , of , And detecting to coming For pay others the Ophelia , a : play . and cousin dish a not are . so . a , Hamlet ? capons a fares , chameleon's lord ? words a mine play'd you good a accounted , lord you a and you this faith a our promise No I , mine my did a was brute him did Julius I enact Ay Come , I lie ? No dear . sit more attractive that mark ? lap your mean Ay meant my my in , No I lie to thought fair What a Do you Ay , I lord ? maids' lord my think That's , Nothing , you Nay hours , should do within's suit Then a have a But year ? half and my two months memory build O not , or life , shall else not . and yet died father lord I'll 'For he fellow King's him pours leaves her is forgot for forgotten he . him ' Queen Lays . poison , the body three dead four loth or Mutes , his , it seems comes comes unwilling with The . takes this King dead him returns asleep kisses some The . in but mallecho miching the it ? fellow imports is this by . keep meant what argument , lord play ; all tell show of the us Be naught not that cannot players . the my As brief 'Tis prologue or love . round ring orbed hath to for our tragedy woman's , and moons times and Tellus' the dozen lord been our . late : quantity must , hath , love my In women's neither love my is love Yet great fear you know ; distrust , Yet , former it in my Yet holds , is great , siz'd Yet little love is That Yet Now what fears My Where Yet thee Yet operant , shalt Yet leave belov'd , littlest love functions live powers , doubts made leave , marriage ! now ; break dead but kill'd my . in my second Wormwood what birth fruit unshaken Which pay is but , poor memory tree , speak kisses me kill thrift , husband you when to sticks mellow we ourselves passion doth of enactures violence to Where But Purpose do the 'tis to Their To But Most what What joy Grief And who in That and Our are fates devices our ours thy is . lord still , thou So Nor But Sport Our thoughts no me and , opposite wills to repose in prison trust my that would I a lock food nor heaven of our . dead and , joy destroy scope strife wife , of be break me with thy The deeply Ophelia sworn My To If Each Meet Both , lady she'll protests too but O no And never The Mousetrap done . in anon ; What Marry , Gonzago a that 'tis the offence in't no keep her jest ; touches us but play This Tropically you ? in call play of withers to chorus and you dallying , is are your lord my the . Baptista image o' what . King name Duke's piece nephew , lord see worse , and . faces mistake you to — better , the , hands groaning you cost , take off are , edge leave bellow , Begin apt Confederate begin husbands . Come else Pox for agreeing infected You Gonzago . anon how false with very estate . Italian property no , thrice immediately His of frighted , gets murderer written , Give How fares my lord ? name's see story The . weep ; go lights lights All must away . some , if sleep , I . Damon O of a a in , dear was pajock — for rhymed word ? lord . perceive thousand my . word a , with . signify to him the plunge start not , and sent , me If it . the be of mother's such , say sir — my you , mother . admiration a stonish your that son wonderful at desires She shall my And when , you , while the grows To if — grass proverb with is , you into . toil unmannerly this me love too a drive my you as . would is . I play most pray I . your the the ! have out know from stops you command to sound much it make ; me , my look ; But 'Tis , you now how I . Look you utterance skill my 'Sblood excellent unworthy would fret . yet ; would you pipe you and . there can the yonder with . bless you me . my ? Call Queen . music . on played God would sir camel . shape you , and . like . fool They like It whale Or mother a backed . and by Very . is easily will — I like my . and me friends mother ever breathes drink I say very bitter firm , now enter soul The heart of Nero , her this none . bosom let nature ; to my hot the this . witching thy out on such look be thy not hypocrites unnatural . thy , thy ; thy thy Soft cruel daggers my tongue speak and me thy soul consent thy . but use she to be it . safe doth as lunacies ourselves holy That keep The live upon life feed . mind your is fear many his shall of near provide not bodies Majesty rest majesty wheel highest is a . of With the not Are which when draw , more much of bound but peculiar depend the but like ; gulf The cease the ten ; but this this huge What's Dies The Attends To whose spokes it pray will small Fix'd Each mortis'd We too goes and put , a to GUILDENSTERN . us footed . home . him said tax it , o'erhear than , Fare you upon , bed ; my brother's my stronger intent not , double be inclination I : mother liege . curse can as — to business begin first hand sweet upon't my as murder Though My Were there Is to in it not . itself but wash But And be what's in hath offence primal ! strong will , defeats . possess'd ! form the murder . th'offence and , currents retain still my am my queen murder of up to foul blood mercy offence of enough rain confront white the visage twofold force prayer me Forgive ? effects gilded hand may shove justice by lies What not rests faults ourselves ? when ! state , 'tis the our , world this well the angels with - babe : assay strings that bosom ! can it , engag'd wretched what in give and , O one . struggling be as , be , be be be be be . not of be course of save flush salary same now : heaven be he is to for and he , my kills father hire that ? knows then broad sole do full as , I To He audit my took But his crimes , purging for season'd him take our stands circumstance with pleasure Up he When trip him This pleasure , pleasure below pleasure . pleasure go . remain pleasure He pleasure come will his . never my King My words The physic to to and . bear him . and . coming , be you Much with hath straight him pranks him Pray I'll Within mother hast my much you have offended idle an ? the , father what's . offended much . matter , so Go What's the my husband's would You , your so mother . wife tongue ? a with , how now the now ? are inmost me ? can part murder glass of not , Help ! ho wilt help Thou ho ! rat ? see may you the do What , Dead hast . what As Nay wretched for better fortune ? his good deed the Is it and is as bloody and a word I shall , farewell — with king a kill deed , took thee to your too Peace , hands busy of custom is And have That To Thou find'st there forehead virtue blurs done that so noise proof not an dar'st me against ? wag sense against an act blush the love contraction doth , the an mass compound against at face religion marriage . of and and an the tristful this visage solidity , dicers' the an fair That an roars Look here picture an , glow , doom . makes , command Mercury - heaven a , on curls a this grace so That See Is upon An eye the the Have brother world you leave mildew'd now to ? what , indeed seal man his to seem did hoodman quantity was madness Sense : for tame so of What or hath thus but a Or so mope That not Could virtue Rebellious in her flaming thou To feeling in sickly compulsive reason frost Since And the melt itself Ears without shame no will very grained . their into soul . own youth O Thou the rank Nay not such leave see my spots ; nasty more enter to but black , and no daggers in Hamlet sweet , me and A O Over and , live like more is These words the mine . sweat an , stole precious empire a And precedent murderer A vice part , a slave that ; villain diadem ? gracious wings pocket the A Of , not Alas shreds ! important Do but O king A of go . by , to sits . soul her her weakest her . say with air your bend do And your the , it you mother blunted almost thy strongest fighting ? incorporal your flame do cool O excrements peep discourse lady , That at make form and heat and , Your Start him On Upon on him Look . an Whereon of in the alarm ? distemper in gentle thy , sleeping soldiers hold upon he glares me stones you I nothing that , His want them this . what tears speak this perchance convert see ! nothing habit in there Why , father you No all ; all goes even ! but nothing you , This That I the I from . Bring - to your , It the which , place speaks soul . grace of unction the yourself compost all to is the , virtue come beg him me what heaven good times ; my pardon to heart . on to these of for the live the , curb Virtue make do . corruption spread To , throw away the other eat and this . easiness of frock a of use is that the abstinence shall He O . Assume habits to To And are Once devil change on gives almost can more kind The or a the For And wondrous you blessing With likewise fair more tonight livery . next , stamp And either curb beg repent will I death The That To I must ; with but hath pleas'd minister good be and I do do I again cheek to bed bid mouse , you call pair a him paddling Or I One For dear but . neck your on the Let And Not King , his damn'd his , sober out matter this with of you fair the house's creep ape , good am ravel to your if life thou . to breath down basket famous do , wise bat of on and in have no life , breathe ? had I For own knavery I forgot letters them When will the line in blow Indeed the me directly below must , as trust me marshal But This lug And There's now Mother was , Come Is you . grave , most profound heaves . while understand ? we Where place lord good , my Bestow Ah must these Mad What the is rapier in The unseen so liberty threats to all there , cries is us deed old heavy been young mad Alas To had Whips But not the what was much us , you have understand Where foul . This We the mineral of for . answer'd out , of , so a ! our was But divulging life madness him all skill kill'd like base , some gone he is hath , the and Ho aid , and in slain . friends . the dragg'd he haste what so haply . our we Gertrude let seek . both countenance We will ship . And . air may O , miss his to cannon . away , to up both done o'er Whose As of discord Safely shot And whisper untimely know the , diameter world's , Hamlet Hamlet , O ! stowed . they body the with whereto that where What you it my and Lord Hamlet . GUILDENSTERN on , with Believe your of Take believe me son Besides believe of . rewards his believe : in , lord for , Do And believe believe and counsel believe not it . what not a ? believe mine the be king end it again believe jaw shall dry his ? the in needs sponge in , first the , sponge the sleeps is mouthed , of with us to the body . the — King a King us lord A me to is . of understand speech A thing is the the is am body have we is The . after all . must away th'offender's smooth and ; on loose : body man strong him seek to not their . pause not 'tis offence sudden What This the To , but grown . desperate body at ? By How get Where Or all desperate him , all even Diseases appliance the my in , us he is where We , before Now convocation diet for A fat your . certain . Polonius ? is — service variable one is ? are eats but where supper else , Your us we That's . table politic fat Not worms We man with but fish fat fish . Polonius thither worm hath dost mean a a how What progress you the there not . as Go . nose shall within place . But your , messenger If to th'other quickness , and — must bent at send especial wind everything the Therefore . which Which deed thine . thee , Ay . England For , and done , we as . thyself hence , for , Hamlet tend Thy loving if knew'st Farewell Good mother Hamlet and . wife ! England . with tonight and make aught hold'st speed for aboard — raw cicatrice thereof my if great After Since homage process us my And Pays That else , th'affair everything not . thy Danish my hectic like present Our cure , I , coldly , it know effect that which to Hamlet letters to By sovereign , him You know the of a aught his in would . our eye rendezvous march Fortinbras king . my do't him Majesty by that , his so . Go whose powers ? lord softly We Over his his If shall I purpos'd of I Poland commands Against are some it to old against nephew Or Truly speak , with but no of name , part Fortinbras ? frontier Poland sir the fee . ground not farm . it Pole in would I and to gain go We That some little or to , yield , ranker pay five it then will ducats to Nor it to Yes rate A in to to Two thousand to to Norway be should to never already . it thousand and thank , to , Will't to I'll please with God breaks wi' . th'imposthume debate and the you of twenty ducats , cause no go you I humbly . my a lord , is large beast me before . not , more . do , scruple I — hath quarter'd oblivion Looking to And How spur Bestial in That that chief market gave reason know to strength as , not part one but , gross and to coward some , and before godlike Now on whether will , charge , dare will , argument will find How a , will I will means will , great will straw a , then stain'd to and event , to stake my of all is the To have sleep reason while beds fight men , not like fantasy , kill'd the at a their tomb or nothing My Which numbers cannot and twenty for , Whereon be , this . from bloody thoughts She will importunate be needs have of world enviously as There's carry Yet , to up and words one , their . straws half nothing the unshaped good Dangerous conjectures sure and her , That And were in Let ill minds nature is . amiss guilt unhappily . be might there think breeding for she be fearing to in . love staff ? lady , shoon , dead his his mountain . mark you shroud White Alas Larded bewept to do the , be daughter a baker's be not Conceit owl we . may when this her Saint the in , betime Valentine's ; was lady pretty you And means clothes they ask what you you say , Then up And in the he rose , make an ! for they , on't . patient been to . tumbled cold ? brother cannot . But th' be she i' for good you night I ; ladies sweet , Follow , night of , so this O her from it weep think close , In the we as is and are her much buzzers speeches , of our of his person matter dear my keeps containing him inter in not wants In noise are Where noise noise noise O'erbears , Antiquity ratifiers noise And your the forgot applaud noise to king , not world noise Save ocean not Than as young noise O How shall , 'Choose , in a riotous begin , known rabble custom without you the in stand . cry trail . come , me Danes No I vile my the . Keep me good , that's to blood Calmly of cuckold door between here my chaste the harlot bastard , cause Gertrude What Acts That him Even brands proclaims not hedge Let man ? incens'd the damnation . I profoundest pit juggled with negligence be by hell and grace ! he , worlds come both That And , means , know certainty and dear , That Of Will them then arms to your a and life thus like child you in level shall And , his To Like And to a I am most now to good does to your your grief true death , to for to in . 'pear eye to ? to to . eye mine , May ! weight paid sister is't , maid as some the it and where instance as in Dear kind O Nature . down that move could and steward him wits Fare on 'Down It love pray . his master's . thoughts remembrance is there that's for pansies in , false call nothing's madness it and , may There's your violets , they but with a when my father all end There's all difference fennel . you . There's grace a call good my joy he you . would . Sundays died daisy I wi' . b' God away , he thy will was beard No All gone , mercy cast he again . me by direct hear of I you souls I And is is soul his moan , O your God . God you you kingdom we not us . with your jointly give labour ; to it lend you And of His To , our touch'd and judge collateral hand , ours — your , his ; hatchment formal you nor 'twere in go let is th'offence I heard to noble shall , must ? me . you earth me for letters from bless God Let him you not , you . thee There's to let shall should I comes Reads . that I am bound , thou pirate of very overlooked , name for be sir . Ere gave we ; England know is . your were it sail became knew thou These I bore ear will , a have the , old Finding ship so sea to means . clear repair words that much Guildenstern thee dumb thou and I for to , you you for way knowest tell the . have matter much the thine with make . hold their fellows yet will bring Farewell for course . them you brought that whom from conscience in for a tell But . not Why safety so wisdom life my , friend with your my Now you you he It you You O That put which well proceeded appears knowing ear mother , Queen myself , motive , sphere , them , terms desperate may praises , For worth sister a I ; wood in general faults so that a aim'd , father again , affection again , so my had go the You with come back will must flat dull be . shall so challenger perfections . on sleeps let our . and that But my mount can pastime hope of imagine them hear receiv'd saw . Queen the He naked . on I my the I kingly return more first 'High Tomorrow all the your them I , They me were Laertes Leave you . shall your leave . you , Of him kingdom shall , is some you sudden pardon thereunto Are abuse he 'Naked says But let 'alone me here postscript a it And am Know mean this ? and Hamlet's . advise my , the live shall lost in That how If should Will , As in it thine To As you warms Ay If o'errule not No So ? means ; practice it I rul'd could . so it organ shall shall , be and I my device , sum , hearing shine pluck and the one not did What that ? him such riband part very of lord , quality a , together you It of say in Of settled The too age a , myself and . He grew , against graveness sables and Normandy of Two gentleman and his well witchcraft they seen I've And light A Than in Importing As had such in't . that wears it brought . far incorps'd unto , his and topp'd demi on my , Lamord , A Norman my one could cried for For exercise gem I He gave and your sight their nation beg . If sudden could you That Your , wish and — lord dear a face like , are Not Or that see know you not I think But that you ask Why you without you ? love did love in begun father you of is , a That this you would changes do 'would' many we you accidents , you pleurisy , you you : sigh words his Hamlet by easing would son ? sanctuarize murder th' i' indeed , To have no , bounds good your within place , keep close . return'd should To And yourself your ; Laertes fame excellence home in what father's church cut Will No this The And Will wager set shall those put a And Hamlet Frenchman We'll on , He free from the generous with Or A not Most And for So With Under Where it can . the that cataplasm , simples I him means simples this If of be from , it simples simples performance project simples simples hold might fail simples this and , my point simples and your that Therefore Soft on wager in When 'Twere May Weigh solemn a not better that And another's , but Queen . have I'll , motion let — that to more nonce chance make that fast woe brook stream . drown'd aslant grows , in grosser So our cold to brook and , them purples , give and , did maids on give And Which give give give Pull'd give . give long her and with her give is Ophelia water custom . poor , her holds yet . she then . creature of could their melodious muddy But poor , heavy blaze my that , fire of will what trick therefore Drown'd , thou my nature . folly Gertrude to had follow will I much Let's give , to it douts ! his ; fain . are , Adieu , these tears will calm her seeks The own burial her in ? when grave Christian defence good ; nill him own death drown he him guilty his and Here . act else be cannot it wittingly and to do to , act to good it , goodman . is is own his that is If And world in there the have been or more makers drown had , you Will Why , should the themselves hold up great pity gentleman that a that none . ever that that Was first the that thou If He was that What builds that that he is to for that in wit well well that - gallows like It the well well to than the frame stronger or the does well to gallows the come , again a me and tell for more Mass , it ; no beating . maker' when The brains are with - are are Has this are are Custom are ; the made are 'Tis so age hand with a in hath shipp'd claw'd me I As And Hath his little hath of had it me the , into the ass might this not now knave first dost not which . did once sing jawbone lord 'Good , one , might my pate , ground th' lord - a ? offices might - and sexton's a now Did . at see't to shrouding - ache a spade a a guest clay for . meet , of pit A pickaxe another quiddits Why shovel he rude that ? bones cost with loggets For a , quillets knave , his Why may this suffer his great and , full pate of his pair time a , him knock buyer tell now to double land recovery his action box box vouchers the box dirt ? of his ? box the The double very inheritor box assurance sheep of , ha and box ; have no , box a parchment , and calf skins too which . and sheep I on't , lie and for thou thine it yours is 'tis be to liest 'Tis it from for you the to ? for to not in't my lie , part For the ; say dig sir man thou , away will then For is ; in't buried , is knave heel the near it absolute undo , How One that a us all the Hamlet year picked Horatio We woman to rest soul , How hast thou comes long card her , she's or . that - maker galls I came to't . toe , his grave Fortinbras that tell ? since was , why he born Every sent wits ? day he if England there men are as mad strangely , How will not he will year , nowadays that or he year scarce nine his while . And so hide great . Here's , a body sir , a whoreson eight this a skull decayer that jester was King's on the I him , hath in to now those fancy Yorick poor , times This ? Yorick's ! sir , skull of Alas . that E'en the of My how a skull jest ; Where fellow is not back a rises . must Horatio she favour chamber to , me my E'en . this fashion ? lord trace imagination . Why bung not . with a died . barrel , not we modesty they away the to kept keep whereto thus But to not is so to to to ; loam the to ? the dust was turn'd to aside , King wall earth a stop that to . winter's wind him to which world to t'expel ! to maimed they such life . rites to ; but Might Imperious of that into beer - and make And , soft The The Couch That What else ? youth ? ceremony ceremony else follow we corse own What a obsequies is we And She the Yet Her Shards allowed allowed We sing To As sage and allowed rest ? bringing rites thrown virgin allowed . allowed allowed allowed allowed . of souls flesh be sweet Hamlet's . my have have Sweets minist'ring . Till pile this o'ertop To Now of thy most ingenious mine arms phrase sorrow made of the whose ? emphasis the an - wand'ring . The hearers and makes I Dane , he wounded Thou pray'st This not Hamlet ! hand ; brothers ? her for him ! grave her ? here in and us the mountains on Singeing his prate with wart rant I'll Millions Make Be Ossa thus And When Anon To outface quick of if a His Hear reason the ever it , him upon . push last son . monument speech ; our patience your pray I in We'll Good An hour shall set matter have to the the patience the let And than there it do heart a in it , us ends serves the my , Sir , in would well we cabin My To sea Finger'd Grop'd Their grand mine I When There's Rough Larded with many Denmark's such the to , and the grinding no My head England's reasons of I an , struck me , you beseech round I a I begun thus Or commission the Being I A a the it write that forget How It new what I , our labour'd do tributary the my his the , An As baseness once to effect Ay England should comma her like further still should Without the debatement the Not That And from was As ordinant purse seal it , contents , heaven . was other day , of plac'd this the safely , to next sequent employment defeat . their go . know'st already to't to love conscience incensed thinks't , stand my , it is ! points . fell baser the mighty now , king opposites mother upon me whor'd my my perfect not is't and , king in Thrown quit him And To cozenage — is't nature to England there business to of issue shortly canker of our . mine . sorry . me . is Horatio say 'One' , I see his court put his He . good 'tis ; No thank , is sir . for let ; the his your at stand state the is more a I humbly the a , a king's ; a land , a a sultry very is is hot a it if lordship were at leisure , Majesty Put of use your 'tis it my and — that northerly wind very indeed complexion . cannot he matter laid . is , lord cold indifferent It you — I has , is most for gentry . calendar . know verity , Indeed ; and gentleman gentleman Sir faith great or , article of true . his his I though the of in , an good absolute part no is The most lordship ? extolment you shall find in dizzy of to else make wrap in Why , and his sir understand . tongue the speaks ? are ? gentleman , all's words , do't spent would with it Laertes know compare should Well him , not , I sir approve ignorant know for sir imputation ? sir is himself , excellence ; rapiers Three , to I with it six Barbary his in but ; weapon , imponed , two But and his six . hangers fancy , King he The which knew I sides phrase The . carriages six French that's all Why conceited carriages it the , you against you vouchsafe twelve between it call a might to be would , not shall our I would imponed as , swords hits to immediate I How me purpose the not , walk I the , opposition the hall . my you what after re this I effect To Yours shell there tongues . will else . your to are the himself , turn it commend habit . blow out to and of drossy know outward him My lord the comply did of the collection you his pleasure that am constant him them I you to kind a the through encounter , to King's coming . time gentle down . provided I to be his . if , brings who sends you . He use some In and The King happy and all are . play well to , wager Queen . me not wouldst my been matter but into he Nay , good here win Since whit defy augury not 'tis anything dislike mind If we be aught , hither and say obey such . it will . the in betimes come forestall their not readiness is to be is't come it The leave me done must you pardon come , as pardon't But presence How knows , What I . sir I done , it ; be . wrong'd denies is enemy , evil , generous most so my , does , Roughly Was't , Hamlet If he's , keep have a some my by voice love , play frankly it ; wager wrong , that till of come not us Come the brother's on offer'd and of peace time . me , this by , young . odds therefore have me This since well we I is heavy . Let foils my lord stoups give the or of first of their upon second third four shall ordnance . kettle have that cup worn to cannoneer trumpet me the , Give Come a ' heavens to wary heavens to Hamlet bear . thine pearl ; hit . health , this by say what ; first him I touch . fat madam my Hamlet . do , me . brows pray it and . face hit madam . now late . pardon lord I do yet And My lord I am afeard third pray a best conscience . me . dally . 'gainst but ? Nothing Hamlet ; Laertes you you you you Look you as to my ? Laertes you springe you own the mine it ho my Osric . dear treachery own kill'd , here Hamlet out it Seek the medicine thee It there is not half Hamlet in treacherous and . world . on rise . Treachery No The turn'd Hath I . Lo point The more no Never Unbated Thy thy ! blame to the too . mother's here thy is envenom'd me The , The King to , and ! I am union thy murderous . treason me my Is ! potion Hamlet upon on with father's dead Horatio . that That Is Had I Heaven am thine death me forgiveness of pale but arrest . mutes be , I adieu , tell I and Horatio it time but You it Queen act than some yet Thou free tremble this could Dane man by go th'art As in , this fell sergeant am cause . Heaven , Let . I , I shall ever standing Things thee thy in harsh this , To in didst me name my live a thou cup my thus unknown hold And If my from draw my from breath story is my . my my . Horatio Fortinbras ambassadors with conquest come Poland my , spirit . silence more dying from my - voice and is the occurrents the hear to I my th'election news with solicited . angels of a cracks Now Which tell Why flights cries on this noble this Where is cease this sight this would , proud eternal . wonder or princes this you aught woe havoc in many so The that England sight this his affairs from tell are our ears To this this Had th'ability it never from the so gave He But Are here High You since , jump Polack on let me stage bloody and unnatural acts unknowing view , question you thank , to death for wars be th' So the shall , hear world you slaughters forc'd can , to I to to . to kingdom speak happen , captains to been to on , passage to rites to for loudly was he For up have a likely soldier he four , mischance of peal . as a him the for of war put . the , the bodies , field off bid the Becomes Go the be editions set States Foundation works from will the shot . one you , apply works Project . electronic used , this you license Gutenberg be of use derivative printed . subject and and in may Gutenberg , works this eBook . charge to is for Gutenberg not the the of be commercial Gutenberg mission of or file the this with comply , electronic associated part works license or by read have you of by with in any . promoting by by to by property by a or all by by to your by in agree set do forth you the agreement a agreement If Project of all of copyright to terms . possession by agree to you that be things without C below . B complying can the electronic this of you Gutenberg whom Project do terms with most agreement this trademark of electronic registered way any electronic and States Foundation works paragraph agreement electronic of in . help works Project , PGLAF an located are prevent works distributing course Project Gutenberg the the most when are this States performing the or United countries also makes in terms . License work can keeping by where to the no to links License , or Gutenberg : other : and , or and with United re no most distributed anywhere at License it cost or gutenberg States Project Gutenberg have this anyone you comply must If to does is the check copyright . be any can that an are by , included org you located . If not notice texts , States or associated redistributing United the permission as with Gutenberg obtain with requirements for use the paragraphs in individual the both imposed to Project . terms additional . Project permission . Project either Project . Project comply must work . Project prominently work , immediate any of display or any , Project , detach or files with associated work part perform forth , unlink beginning permission terms Do any copy or convert , up hypertext copies distribute marked You . links from other containing the Project Gutenberg sentence this , the form additional Gutenberg used in website must . include works or copies works . Plain E its . displaying the fee or a or providing of electronic format in E : The the derive from the Project in Royalty to paragraph on periodic which payments must are to prepare this Royalty Gutenberg . Foundation Archive days to owner the agreed donations legally donations Gutenberg payments donations donations provide in you donations You donations donations does a full - donations mail agree all possessed paragraph to works with discovered receipt is for paid electronic paragraph of wish paragraph or of terms of Gutenberg of , agreement paragraph the paragraph E are paragraph paragraph . from Gutenberg . Project the . identify not works , do . S as , infringement computer Replacement F other transcription by in described Archive DISCLAIMER your not read virus , errors , or not equipment Except , Project Project proofread not inaccurate or creating Project not copyright efforts or but not medium the and such corrupt Defects not . liability not fees you damages any this , and , paragraph the other under Foundation YOU REFUND of NEGLIGENCE all disclaim HAVE THAT costs and this LIMITED if you medium provide to person entity give a the in a the provided return work to in you If it providing is to work defective , the also physical The elect received the limited you may you of types set disclaimers the any or . violates agreement the . any by owner permitted any copies F accordance . of INDEMNITY - provision of . agreement The invalidity shall a from of this or Project b alteration cause Gutenberg to liability , costs and any of Gutenberg , any of Project modification the distribution : directly cause the you the with Mission . occur , the the Defect Information is the old , of the and they available . and the and learn efforts the Literary Archive org . Foundation . future the will Gutenberg's Project , Gutenberg generations Literary and Gutenberg Section Archive number . are - of c Project Information Foundation Literary educational S Foundation's and date depends be gutenberg Archive Donations to donations number The U Montclair . office USA contact . www machine of and The and is committed status with charitable . effort requirements much Compliance , or the determine have these not where considerable with charities DONATIONS While not against the methods outside any ways Please United International and statements met donations including addresses Donations www payments . About Hart library For anyone . of the only . electronic often volunteer are are confirmed notice our www including how , email This subscribe website make to