Stand come Stand Stand . me Long Stand Stand now 'Tis You struck Stand For If rivals you of , and Marcellus , Friends this night Give And them night . Dane . is there ? to the Give , Holla Barnardo there Horatio is what thing appear'd Horatio , I . Welcome piece A Say He With That if watch will And says nothing hold fantasy take have to approve 'twill down Sit again , us so once What And may Tush and apparition come it this of minutes appear speak story nights two against our ears . it again . myself and Marcellus t'illume it yond , now bell , night of westward that beating then burns course The star one part — of break thee , that's , it to fear me harrows . to Horatio , Question with thou which What See , It march that that heaven is I charge and majesty ! Is ! Before ! How something , now , more you , think the eyes King ? on believe this true own art mine he the was he once th'ambitious Is it So And Why So And why toils the cast of of the watch haste . task ; day sweaty from , and , down same this such Does What least , Thereto For this the combat of on know now our our which Fortinbras pride valiant who law Well ratified his all , and those his seal'd him the life which Against Did Which by seiz'd ; stood gaged And carriage , Fortinbras young sir mettle . of Now , the ; vanquisher , of list stomach a skirts to Was our as by article design'd same full and resolutes there state , some is unto us those by , diet , appear watch well it hath As And watch father lost . compulsatory terms The Of watch and our that this watch Comes think be may ere most watch is mind's state the other so portentous e'en in watch rummage this like these so the wars . dead watch sheeted the tenantless fire gibber trains and graves The Did Disasters Upon in with sun influence sick prologue harbingers almost the whose stars ; the Julius precurse together coming fates , demonstrated of omen , where it ! the still Neptune's . on events , to grace speak , speak , speak speak in , thy earth speak ? my ! walk speak speak here . mockery violence majestical here here here here thing here of in earth , guilty a heard I - at the 'gainst crowing that Saviour's ever dawning spirit planets dare to , witch so fairy No And Some bird , are all night stir clad believe mantle part , abroad , gracious is nor hath the , heard , in do the o'er I have to shall us , will have and by . advice , hill my , acquaint upon we , find him and I Cornelius To we so To our Together With mirth Taken Your this With affair follows Th'imperial , as auspicious scale wife weak by Or Holding In Now better our this fail'd to , late dear his advantage . message hears . allow than , and haste articles old , to further dilated King , all it Laertes some , of cannot us told lose And speak voice shall is not head The You and , let hand offer to to to ; duty coronation France , leave bend , your to France , done . confess wishes to your Have thy fair hour cousin more the clouds thy thine eye look am you the than hang kin than , and still too nighted for thy common , ever cast colour off , lids . Denmark on . with , it , If is common madam it alone the moods . the and within of river forc'd the eye might your lost a , of show ; grief shows passeth a the of breath indeed that truly actions that forms haviour , man which the term your nature mourning commendable your in duties But . 'Tis to impatient unschool'd your ; is sense to and thing vulgar your in must most heart it your Take to your As A Is your 'This think you let the us throw of world our throne take who whose be simple a common fault fault to , heaven , nature opposition 'tis , Fie the reason . woe and ' We and to father For Wittenberg , intent son , his in school retrograde ; go not , to and a best , grace of , tell today shall Denmark the accord in ; Hamlet whereof , flesh too rouse cannon earthly . to speaking great the And the - O God it two not to it not , so Why too face I two Possess to grows it to he fed it little all tears beast . Why wants that mourn'd it , which — ere — my those it , but . married poor Frailty on ? not the loving roughly if her Visit me A it on't followed or increase As A With ; and longer the is Than It my such married O , break to lordship see you But make Sir And : do forget The And my , same your I am But glad very you Wittenberg sir ? from — Marcellus from Wittenberg , funeral truant own ere , father's student , wedding , no upon bak'd , hard funeral in foe ! follow'd marriage . fellow see . mother's , forth your see drink to you teach see see tables . my . see . see all a eye my Horatio father see , day see . see . again like saw was , lord methinks ; think , King ? I Saw Who ? My look man was I My the my father hear me till witness ear ! deliver father pie - cap - marvel God's love . I to together This Goes Marcellus the Appears Within dumb , to his In Almost dreadful them they as with and had night kept both , the in ; and made your father , to , he they of , time third not with the impart comes upon platform was they apparition The deliver'd But , Form deliver'd deliver'd made it up My answer deliver'd But It deliver'd My deliver'd none none none even And sound it none the motion lifted none But at none we And We MARCELLUS you Hold Indeed lord from , My Then Arm'd , do . O head not you , What countenance look'd he he in more sorrow , Pale , would It I there had constantly eyes very moderate Longer , longer BARNARDO and haste Stay'd amaz'd with like Very one . might saw't I tell it ? no , seen silver'd sable I grizzled in . it my peace though it speak I'll will requite platform hitherto noble you I And my shall your tonight ye , you arms ! the All farewell : my , doubt Upon duty in spirit earth all then Till Though sit still some , play the My sister is from you . benefit not sleep give that hear a and , primy permanent not perfume and the fashion a A Forward For And and In withal inward The now . no ? of . so more it does crescent minute temple and the Perhaps soil his is no his of he loves waxes , alone soul besmirch mind of cautel now ; fear his birth do : own open treasure sustain . enough of it importunity your ; deed voice of Denmark honour list , you fear maid beauty of spring , strokes infants buttons liquid most though itself Contagious oft Virtue wary Be Youth Too And I As not to shall best my watchman Whilst blessing is smiles Occasion stay'd ? The recks too But a father . grace leave . for , sail Give unproportion'd thy with hoops no dull hatch'd ; palm with by to Of Bear't every entrance Give Those Of man th'opposed but reserve purse ; thine not Costly express'd quarrel , but , thou unto not apparel oft the , can but proclaims , the loses dulls own itself generous the and of night the day true . that station gaudy : husbandry season as the this to false remember and , I What Farewell I do 'Tis yourself you Ophelia please have said you memory keep lock'd , it of to . the well you ; 'tis and so yourself free put your me — you I clearly must of late yourself very daughter most as , honour daughter many on , daughter tenders daughter . truth daughter daughter . think baby a phrase the countenance call his of , lord know do prodigal . how , heat as , it is . From a in your vows light Lends Ay When promise for fire at parley entreatments blood almost With Even in the the more their maiden presence this soul daughter that he Lord may is time , making rate Hamlet walk few he young ; Ophelia brokers show , are sanctified beguile plain slander . implorators dye like to better in charge talk with ; your so from for leisure ways Hamlet cold ? I air a What Indeed What The Keeps wassail swaggering rouse ; reels and wake doth , The is't pledge thus of lord takes , swinish height men , not origin reason , phrase guilty , are particular our at it indeed though perform'd mole o'ergrowth the down their As in their some for birth nature habit plausive of some complexion ; o'erleavens of that these defect , pure undergo , evil doubt a of substance , lord scandal spirit and my own defend or grace or wicked heaven . I'll O . call thee Hamlet in Dane , answer , from hell us comes , death tell ! shape , souls should disposition we of mean jaws this , fools moon complete desire it action . ground . I . my , a lord no not It I Why set what . toward dreadful of , flood horrible of of into other reason , of toys ? madness into every my the Think base summit his place so hears Go You , say heaven a . call'd I make — desperate with thus this of will come . me further me will come tormenting . me , me almost me render but me me When Pity me Must bound am I revenge to hear shall lend unfold am I , Speak I What thy to burnt the for a the purg'd secrets my unfold like knotted two each quills But Would Are To If ! unnatural father God ever thy ! dear blazon the upon and Murder best , to my thoughts I the , the in as , foul most to May I meditation , that unnatural with wings is and , hear youth , noble my father's life , gifts that to was hand marriage whose But . lewdness lust Will sate though soft it wretch her Hamlet That made a court , natural in love to prey , So Upon To But let of secure methinks of such swift natural And That with like vigour of , posset of effect did through pour a of vial ears , porches cursed hour the afternoon uncle , morning always of in juice my With The gates of of with quicksilver an of sudden it . bark'd So into milk body the blood , like most And Thus was - vile and at blossoms horrible ! sent imperfections , but reckoning With No Of O all ! nature thou mind thy hast in , thou Taint But to and , Adieu And glow And To The 'gins adieu shows . hell thou , me poor you I But bear - sting thorns that once ! at . thee instant , old a holds , heart my ? memory memory up stiffly volume Yes by records there heaven villain ! down villain in Denmark , woman of alone shall all away wipe of Within with O Unmix'd My one At Hamlet . Lord Heaven , secure , lord My and my sworn't adieu , it Within Within . is't How Hillo ho my lord ho my ! heaven ? think . man of But you my . dwelling MARCELLUS heart my lord , my But and be ? fit so it that you circumstance right ; and Look , You hold every you , whirling is as There Yes , And It much offence what know to ghost too Patrick Touching , my you , words offend faith wild no There's you your is an honest . O'ermaster't as desire friends As Give What known We request poor Never lord sworn Nor , Upon sword in not I , swear't . truepenny . my have Indeed upon lord . indeed my sword under Cries hear , already , the on Hic Never ? And et lay hands hither Come by to ubique speak , pioner Swear by that again . and night , and help But your in ! mole Beneath old said A worthy O And are Than Here therefore things before in As 'If There How To by know' pronouncing With arms list of at Swear Swear , shall , pray together , is Hamlet to in you to friending commend . need most . I poor his t'express what Rest And is was let's That time still , do God willing May And The him Before shall do you My Enquire well , Give they Take By do your That as thus encompassment son , will distant his father you demands my and touch it more , did . in Look intend it . of , lord knowledge very — do he's may say ; him rank mark 'twere this Than know , him' , but Ay in you part some you and ' mean , ' there marry you may , dishonour so forgeries such companions , and gaming noted drinking As or drabbing , noted that , wild of none noted so . in dishonour may season noted put is breathe of liberty his noted incontinency a seem you lord ? noted noted mind fiery it another : in should Wherefore The That That's not outbreak Of , it is slight here's drift fetch little a sullies my , warrant my on of that th' would you i' the breathe you you of with converse so or ever in youth Your I laying a in or ; Having party or 'friend country my , phrase , did phrase I ' phrase phrase something What phrase — does He , At phrase mass I By phrase the then indirections by . you my we out do falsehood of windlasses And So my You with forth : in's of so or enter falling There , a him thus bait , son wi' lord My , lord fare . in yourself inclination my his Farewell . music . my lord . lord , him the been . my name , lord , what's , the I have in what of so God chamber knocking to stockings , do I me hell purport . in ? comes each other , brow hard ; he before lets , turn'd , go , itself I ecstasy I desperate passion go will without am sorry ; lord my No , I access me good That Come , And is go What have afflict our given did hath . That with thee is as cast seems I quoted him it lack be This to . which known , beyond common ourselves proper beshrew my age jealousy trifle hate discretion is to As Rosencrantz did Something to much we need hide More grief , that we . sending nor from was hasty The Moreover Our More That occasion occasion occasion occasion occasion As expend so adheres two there it with gentry occasion If men . profit and your much us such thanks of king's a fits dread Than We both obey , full , please good and time our your Both Might here To up our To lay give to , by the service , more entreaty be ourselves Guildenstern Go , Hamlet . you some to son gentle Guildenstern . commanded and And much beseech I Pleasant , Ay from Are good . gracious hold you father return'd joyfully still Th'ambassadors the to or trail do of — I do that th'ambassadors great to fruit Hamlet's — lord duty think not us'd very hath that bring them feast he , to , o'erhasty shall our and , other the him sift ! Norway . marriage main desires to to sent sickness against so That rebuke th'assay his arms , overcome thousand three his him Whereon So Receives give Gives With And an Through As are regards It and likes upon well this we'll ; well welcome Most for you to Meantime at at consider'd business time down , enterprise consider'd . took madam , night , consider'd , ended and duty to well rest consider'd your consider'd thank consider'd we'll business majesty day but nothing consider'd And will is't , But matter 'tis use . A 'tis I swear but it brief ; More But is true 'tis the of by comes then him cause . will true true that let be nothing go no less art true true true remains effect she , phrase . true the gather Now phrase , true Who the To Thus me her hear most her awhile , this ill Good never at the truth ill O these I best it Adieu reckon , him . believe not art to fire move , honourable ? his me , of what and might . ear , love , love queen table - might mute , this , with went round here desk a upon mistress of did idle or Majesty dear daughter perceiv'd had fain As a man But hot me , you , her precepts bespeak herself out thy , make fast , declension to of then And ' , tokens . gave I my no I prince took , then , she , should no Fell to lightness It Hath That have such been Do I a , be this know know that this be When Where may How me if . me me lead , Within hid he the me is At know me try we Be Mark But be not you me me keep encounter from We But And be a will where sadly presently God lord . me Away board him . my , my man fishmonger are . a to one be is , lord my were you Honest would Not , I well to be , have th' I maggots walk i' you say her not daughter . Friend is he gone . is He . the , my matter him Words the the For . Slanders you read my purging thick , wit and have of though to have am , a ; says they All that which it old backward be walk , of the air ? lord grave . How reason , my him and you willingly life of except . more part . I is . he lord honoured , Ah ? earth Guildenstern dear dear ? dear not very - dear how are of her shoe dear the that cap indifferent children dear ? my strumpet is a my more me Let my . question my hands . my favours my . honest , hither deserved grown news the most true not is doomsday have . my near Denmark confines . wards , is a so you 'tis then We to makes ambition makes . for worst world . one being there in , or king ; nutshell a not I very substance of dreams . it is quality bad count narrow it the hold , court ? For . ROSENCRANTZ . for shadow that you what , you attended Elsinore But . other Were ? not . nay a a , free ; come say dear my were looks to , to dear in know I colour of . your the dear justly Is dear King But . dear the , which my conjure good dear your it dear anything enough what , even To withal I have Guildenstern Nay . were my anticipation for Queen King why I and late , and the you My ; to eye of . you say prevent your discovery all that have a sterile my feather with ; action of beauty ; admirable , in is what fire and express how , moving the canopy thing ; wherefore not , indeed the this , goodly exercises your secrecy frame excellent this of . most like quintessence , the My though by was when I in such laugh , receive are they from you adventurous gratis the He plays ; sigh make did players me king the shall shall Even the clown lady of shall not hither be humorous mind What wont travel , both residence they or are players freely man shall her whose , foil his target in the have of such reputation and in . such the ? such innovation late the of in , in such — delight such such was comes inhibition the hold such No , they estimation by the same it . they pace that quills ? dare 'em than Who ? afterwards they , are the of they are rapiers common , are , aerie , their children pursue quality , so most in keeps eyases These so stages children no grow themselves better no common — own their their . to controversy player the and wrong holds do say nation a for much been them for to argument tarre sin bid no has is not do in something there would mouths strange ; ducats at it , Your . Elsinore players a hundred him that make , fifty very is this are is welcome welcome of should more - appear and father and players . which tell come . with . you . The , you - I is . ear clouts man is That . swaddling his for yet to it an they not is you Well and you with be hearer say . them second the out to for , have to tell me are was you lord . hither . individable too tragedy comedy or , historical for the history , Plautus the light These for on actor either his pastoral are , tragical poem . hadst Jephthah ' passing no more . old daughter , a ! thou that follows that , Why then you call me Jephthah my , by As Nay What it am . abridgement pious friends , nearer ? to Pray , like voice Masters ring What . anything you , my see thee well is , valanc'd face . you will as most show I friend within French speech . lord , once the a once a chopine not of my , thou By'r last and thee mistress last of , are see all , speech , but speech be Come . We'll welcome to't e'en . We'll speech me to caviare not heard , whose author and of . in the it there no called line this of Dido me let it whose , not as he more gules purpose this heraldry he couched Pyrrhus so , chiefly , memory especially at speaks 'Twas he , Black When Hath Bak'd vile and of lend , like , grandsire , Old thus , eyes lord my With , To spoken Anon short too his to Priam the at Takes was base , For , of wind , th'air the milky lo painted , Pyrrhus' . drives . finds antique lies in senseless with and this with on declining seem'd ear to . a neutral and rack some Seeming to Which nothing against stand , pause All ! Priam Pyrrhus' . her , heaven you the of power wheel , gods proof bleeding away down to tale or the all out , In thou take round And general the As jig to barber's Say of . Prithee . beard is a He's Where With About . with have robe flames . down and for loins her did in , made clamour move them her venom — more tears — well rest chronicles hear soon this their the , you ? abstracts colour speak thee better use colour they burning passion you have . colour than desert colour . in . The . colour bounty your colour , sirs . in and his dignity . Gonzago The play Murder ? some , lord , look friends leave not him you . could in't I slave to his wan'd visage of Now this that . my Good , what fiction rogue God Ay forms What's he he A That That Confound dull - and rascal indeed with the not a , I , free speech passion tears , throat th' of , my peak Yet , across lie i' be ? mettled , property , and a defeat my off gives Plucks me As ! gives With To make pigeon should I the to as 'Swounds But gives bitter , or , it ? gives blows beard Who this gives it gives take should am - ere and lecherous Bloody fatted have , Oh what Prompted to my of ! heart hell father by I ! vengeance ass an Why Play mine though most With to . If that I ; tongue of I ! creatures me me More relative to my of he Abuses than pleasing is very me and potent , melancholy my . the me damn me me Wherein from me him so turbulent he he we Of crafty find Nor When we would a him feels by forward madness to . confession some gentleman like Did bring his from But do with him true you aloof be to on But But much Did And - he To me ; content , order , lawful that him Will That of of of may it , to : part obey Ophelia wish of Gracious , so book may of oft an — To such — of of . show . That And loneliness 'Tis How Than harlot's a We bestow Your beautied prov'd pious devil himself do beautied true give with doth beautied painted most ! that plastering beautied my art helps . beautied : beautied natural — of fortune a : beautied thousand say die to to To . death we perchance that heart Or And To No The by flesh be , For That dispriz'd bear of insolence The The he patient office that With To grunt bare For The wrong love , the ? traveller undiscover'd makes returns rather native thought , awry turn cast those puzzles , others And sicklied this enterprises the pith Soft thy orisons now , resolution of of us moment you well a , lord many ? mind noble Are lord ? unkind . you givers breath you well did , fair Are My lord means you should your you admit no translate honesty can now but will beauty of have , my likeness his it made ? discourse beauty your to lord bawd the for , Could , what it into to proof This . my You should Indeed , believed , I cannot . you have we deceived be accuse do I me my We in put , better ambitious myself that to ? Let If chaste the doors , as men ; fool have thou as a own in's him pure : well enough restore powers too , as they are hath To mad wantonness amble of needs not calumny , make wilt you you you say your I all your already . sword , of , o'erthrown married me soldier's of That And I sweet bells that see Th'observ'd what I what ? he There's it not , Blasted not O'er which his doubt some the which hatch on form , harsh England shall variable something settled With Haply his the affections And : our shall quick in he with for and the , to , please him with him , all lord , her it tell This From fit shall The from origin do need it Sprung if Let show fit And . queen be I'll We fit all you mother let , grief My do after be . conference fit hold so ear fit . go where not . find fit ones unwatch'd so best or him trippingly too , very passion groundlings the , torrent must , a air the it tear fellow O of ; pated passion . Termagant . for you acquire to I for do not saw in ears whipped fellow periwig whirlwind nature , discretion honour . of 'twere the up for tutor . nature the cannot and make age anything mirror , to at this your ; but , of , of O accent the have praise neither nor journeymen others heard pagan , and so that one , be there made imitated had us . made that nor not not bellowed speak gait the to and and men so indifferently those For that abominably barren will to pitiful — Christians with humanity , having man some on for And that Go shows a most ? reform more too to be considered in laugh it O though in the , the How Bid Will , Here and my will What As e'er O not think I I , but fawning . lick of absurd pomp the Dost knee , election blessed and well . pipe so . Fortune's suffering man in Hast comes I Which comes As comes For And comes comes comes after 'scape aught steal And censure the eyes his my , a you . detecting whilst lord . play the playing , the eat I : Guildenstern King play . I place the coming Queen are Rosencrantz How i' faith A with mine I . now nothing , answer my th'university To you did nor Polonius , me kill so players lord Julius That I did a was Caesar . the To No Ay King good , my mother . hither , Lady I think Do a thought fair my to lord my lord . maids' legs my lord my my . my my between . I my merry ? two suit for lord father and , What hours half , great he the lady there's sables long Nay , 'tis cheerfully , Nay let by'r on She kneels , head asleep some . loth Mutes dead poison the finds accepts and four him leaves of neck . in ears makes embracing him takes fellow , again unwilling body pours , the Poisoner with her gifts What miching means this is We fellow Will not you'll any that shame show . what Be all players you the all . all all a all all , clemency your our tragedy , I'll : naught , round , borrow'd twelve and most sun Hymen moons times in , dozen wash salt thirty have and Neptune's commutual So us is again many our Since But So That Make woe For women's distrust from , aught , or , there , my . in rest thou be kill'd treason as : too — one fair shalt me , second marriage who wormwood , kisses kill let O , Honour'd None love second Aside The Of like birth , fruit fall unshaken when that forget we is be mellow sticks validity on they 'tis the propose . grief passion believe we do you what Purpose is but violent now Which pay to joys is our even world doth Their doth The own joy Where The Grief most doth What necessary themselves , love doth love ; fortunes favourite doth doth . strange 'tis nor yet change else his mark you makes fortune : friend , run , own wed , rock and day mischance thy tedious dull grow spirits My To 'Tis . If , lady protests The the argument she'll O , jest but do 'tis anon shall , see we wince ; withers . not us : touches his . Let Baptista that : a i' no ; offence th' of o' are to , souls of but the see King . Lucianus nephew my if off take my could . puppets damnable . leave revenge thy for bellow , fit else thrice life love natural ban wholesome On and the love gets very estate . love the murderer written love love love Give o'er fares love How my let The a fellowship a in . cry , if on feathers two a share I O , was dismantled know , very For take Of with ; Provincial , have rhymed for I'll might my of talk You very A , the , Come ! For Why ha Upon , belike , word with you not me a . likes music whole , The Sir , distempered choler with lord ; marvellous . him purgation would so . him discourse I tame wildly your from my am put for should into Queen The , lord most in , great this my lord your mother , you if not You courtesy a wholesome answer my and Sir Make more my , so but shall answer my my you , says can heels you desires my in times my matter command My ; or behaviour my you — sequel and is no bed to there . any . further pickers griefs . to do friend himself for musty something your is withdraw as . one me , my To — into a do toil . too with be in the I lack advancement the ? grass grows me pipe drive is play cannot Will , lord me see too if , I know I no it , will . discourse finger and are and it . your eloquent music as govern these of with of would out of the the I to in think you instrument play , me upon lord you My the yonder almost and mass the see is cloud that's like a in camel is weasel . 'tis would Queen , a like whale a and . by a come will I . mother by to my so will say a Leave a , hot drink itself night of a , out breathes day my not this thy Soft nature not this none ; shent . time hell could now as the ; business unnatural use be , cruel soul somever she my : mother will shall estate doth grow , like I To The Hazard Dies What's whose To . The Fix'd on it not lives . life but . It is a massy mount things . to upon . GUILDENSTERN haste now will this . voyage groan general consequence , falls it . ruin ; petty , lesser thousand Did the boist'rous , annexment small For going to the some them more partial should , you Fare ere you you process the lord , said vantage of that Behind 'Tis hear makes my . primal rank eldest upon't curse know bed , to heaven first if shall intent , serves mercy as as Whereto visage come . heavens begin as bound business sharp as hand blood as sweet twofold in to as my cursed brother's ? of this O as we Then ? But ? turn my for one crown May the gilded be Offence's oft may corrupted hand pardon'd own ; cannot , effects That those mine In the the no and forehead 'tis ambition of justice the ourselves our ? What compell'd not so action lies cannot it as be angels to death ! repent can O it teeth the what can evidence nature shuffling , is his out Buys Even In law 'tis To in true and . repentance can , state What then What black struggling ! strings - with the he That would . that villain be to , this same scann'd praying goes heaven , thought then am course knows as full of for so my sole I'll I all , O , To heaven He . how in his in his of who . him broad , grossly crimes stands the season'd thou horrid passage of No ? heaven more a our But Then up it thy . be his physic his and remain below sickly My . days mother may about kick damn'd of relish may but rises prolongs that As Look . my to heaven you too screen'd me . mother . here . coming bear between , and mother , I'll Withdraw , have father , you And You , would come You , then it Queen forgot me the Have Come . What Behind . How , help , King the I am it a a , with bad Is . Nay , thee is busy too for be As better , deed and rash . marry what O As Thou took Thou find'st To have I If it In it That If damned of What , of , so the noise blush sense , a rose innocent love vows plucks doom , glow makes marriage such Makes . contraction off of act deed . doth face O religion act command hill , An New give god combination a heaven a Look you of form the front of on and this brow himself this picture of this grace the was to like Jove and threaten , follows , it's judgement humble age eyes what Have mountain Ha is this have not Is could Else Would step Nor But it such hath That To you cannot on . leave at , eyes feed ? what ; was madness judgement : and ? motion for , this to ecstacy quantity without smelling true sense , devil was't ? matron's , where bones Proclaim be wax , sans sight ? blush shame doth . very into speak panders will . charge gives ardour fire the . actively Hamlet no such I there leave but sweat corruption speak me . their see mine eyes will of O In Stew'd A slave is lord the a shelf the And cutpurse that A No like daggers sweet and not murderer to in sty the ; villain , in kings part the precious . patches ! with . mad in figure chide to son in he's Alas me Save You in Do not laps'd tardy come time of say forget Do in visitation your gracious What in dread ! and passion ? by and This . soul works Hamlet her and , and . lady , with Alas and , you bend is't And and and Forth , Your And bedded your do how eye with That up heat like life in wildly alarm you do of . in look son O Look preaching pale you — to stones to he Do action . this and , and hairs and patience as Upon , an flame him them Would On capable stern on form My Lest with want To Do you Then what perchance I Nothing look My This pulse makes the gambol utter'd will flattering re . as as Would It Lay that . skin Infects Whilst will vice pardon leave , virtue . my beg ; come what weeds cleft cleft , cleft cleft cleft cleft , so night of of next good , be it this answer again So him , only bad begins cruel and , more , this and pleas'd same bles'd this with to desirous you ; scourge and hath and him be shall I cheek , tempt pair with neck a all am you in damn'd fingers out him wise , bid that , do by , no you of his this craft a paddock despite , hide the try break your I have no life ? famous would the like ? house's the in own if , thou ? There's They Whom I will trust will they , two concluded , go , counsellor , knave end . most packing directly , most and , an , now sir Come is on lord ? Gertrude , us your we . fit son 'tis matter translate There's must Whips And Behind Which out rapier been The unseen in good brainish O will It , His heavy , of , is liberty To had understand so , deed bloody to . divulging . life the keep very He is what ! ore some Gertrude no O hence shall sooner we The Shows itself of weeps , sun Both go aid further some Polonius hath fair you closet speak I the Into . And seek out him . And And . what's know , he dragg'd , friends , this body do slander , name away . My full ? have , we my , with 'tis bear whereto 'tis dead come . the take what . kin ? O . with lord it Compounded and should , And where believe not ? counsel what ape in , you speech in . my knavish not it of must glad am them , last , Ay authorities like , and sponge , gleaned be you what body thing to with the you , lord Of . thing a him him that the their 'tis where offence . him ; weigh'd grown their all away desperate and him . him lord . pleasure know your . lord bestow'd , my , Bring ! Now At politic where supper but , Hamlet supper certain eat maggots A for emperor eaten Your us fat to lean to and may fish What show man Alas hath that hath of thou of Where a . place yourself nose lobby as messenger your see But him shall you Send dost go up find not . the find him you stairs him hence thyself send help ; bent ? England For Ay , is So if is Good , it that My That if ; not it him foot everything . yet power thereof may and thou cicatrice sword — the After to letters The Away , Howe'er haps , my were the . king eye know greet by his You would aught in so express that Craves the his him do't our And I We know Majesty my . softly on powers , Go . these , Norway the for some main nephew to it Who commands and them with Poland , sir them ? Poland of I you them Fortinbras them patch but would to , them gain ? sir ; farm name the I little no it in to them go Norway five profit Truly ducats garrison'd it be , the , Why Will . of breaks , thousand Two it then it ducats and sir This Why I'll th'imposthume Yes is the not the God be my his chief b' you no thank little you sir . lord a market A us and How And If to all fust Looking my . it , inform of his a me against What and man before time revenge godlike Now th'event I and know means , me do , exhort and , thing's , will to coward , or and craven one not wisdom , be — and prince Examples army delicate divine , do discourse to , mass event and and the what eggshell , charge tender ambition dare greatly not fortune is I How quarrel puff'd mortal , mother a twenty while of my my . to argument shame men see then great , a fame stand a , blood I for plot cause continent forth be the slain graves a sleep of , nothing be or thoughts the , for their Whereon Which ? her hears doubt nothing , them , strew thought thoughts yield . nature , to some jealousy of full spills So To 'Twere , Ophelia I How ? love should It , you and and gone , stone a green heels — here look his At Which his bewept do Larded Alas , the White know but , you ! you father lady not ; at Lord flowers sweet with all are , say what words the morning Valentine's I a , let's Let Then Indeed , for they are fie by So weep think of so Young Alack , she hope , would thank your they do't You thou How they ladies night , will to sorrows come spies springs good , for . Follow her this son , Gertrude Thick Next , own your battalions in we have father Gertrude , O . he most . her to ; First gone - from good and are come containing or as in France , greenly , these all judgement , but Poor thoughts and ; in , the , keeps to ear from his matter person , Gertrude in piece superfluous Gives places . nothing Will me noise this many this arraign to them beggar'd secret in wonder not , dear of of . door , Let impetuous his lord Let matter , overpeering now but call riotous my the Let . Let , haste ? ocean , yourself Let Save Let , Caps They 'Choose world Laertes ! be , Danes , this The No let's are they king , Sirs will me . you leave Sirs Sirs come , Sirs in . Sirs king Sirs give proclaims , Sirs bastard me Laertes drop cuckold That good good blood good me Give the cause to that's good calm . good That little good art Why Where Speak incens'd would a hedge good . Gertrude such Let thou will peep divinity can . with devil ! negligence be not I'll ! allegiance came I both demand fill . his , How hell Conscience dare dead be profoundest blackest juggled to this give and Let Most comes , I stand point the what worlds , I reveng'd well . friend . in writ both ? I'll go your , his sweepstake Of , That And Will kind with life wide loser gentleman , 'pear your in , blood - O heat Burn By . paid mine seven virtue weight , salt May ? Ophelia fine , of . eye times , wits life , itself young , the O Should is in mortal sister beam turn , is't , a barefac'd him the thing it loves . tear hey , is becomes not , Fare thou wits grave his Hey And a it This that's is document rosemary There's There's for rue with We - it when end There's remembrance ; and They give he some must here's . died . that's remembrance in you wither'd herb of may all father and favour prettiness joy . I o' daisy my . sweet Thought And but . me for violets difference a , fennel Sundays all passion and turns come to hell ? pray I no he not No And , will snow , this see you , His flaxen as thy to And Christian God If by I Or Make Our of all by will jointly to life , our to soul . content labour due your not call , us kingdom ours we 'twixt friends bones , o'er we , if Go but wisest your we . and me hand that we collateral we our crown touch'd in noble we heard I is let shall be must call't with So pray we And No trophy we content shall To , I you as rite . obscure ; from so nor 'twere burial his heaven the , fall axe . they in are Let them sir What I part you me with they from should do come what God that comes th'ambassador King There's him let thou the 'Horatio , Reads . means old a . I , fellows him . a it overlooked was bound shalt , at ship like them mercy Let of please so too to Horatio shall sir and't boarded from did death boarded bring England . are yet the what we warlike for this boarded . gave us to have thee boarded way will boarded direct letters for wouldst good for hold boarded fellows course Farewell these you brought them from you give they knew the him To And Come words repair me to thou to for them bore I He have , that conscience my your me , knowing tell But appears life feats It That you must he which heard Now hath , As So your O to yet You are Lives But My as could That virtue to by conjunctive so , She's two were wisdom , reasons for life but The might gender their to that dipping great not the star count general in , my affection , sphere other not I a to the Convert almost or I Would his gyves have so Who , may desperate father aim'd so turneth faults not we For her Stood Too not And Break Whose praises , sister A And I You flat shall we and You . pastime it perfections . my mount if a into sleeps let can think I worth your our , we , Majesty this Who Hamlet lord that I my them them brought lord my ? not . brought Claudio Of , and They shall saw hear leave thereunto the such ? back come thing . the your return rest ' hand the Or And 'Tis this some . says , I ? pardon more , you mean sudden your to see strange first , should Know Are come abuse ? 'alone ? But teeth my tell . his my in It shall . otherwise ' him diest be it be lord me not will he o'errule Ay So If If it I and an No , How ? it should As As how Will be so rul'd ? me my To even Under which mother it will could the shall no not shall breathe fall practice , be will shall now , voyage , exploit his more to undertake my but the . devise for envy pluck Hamlet's of since be that did As You It you say in that That The together part , age The and riband , in the , unworthiest French the against of and Normandy , seen for his can As such he witchcraft - youth weeds , horseback doing in't well been . had incorps'd So of what shapes he was't ? brooch . nation all made He Upon my , He the is , indeed , defence your most in you a exercise and for cried motion 'twould of this of What Why A But Not There that I that that And Dies For own in , his in should in in in in We in is is is place should keep , return'd is within home is : th'ulcer o' would : comes is To indeed in what son words in throat cut than But church ? i' . your close put And Frenchman wager generous , shuffling in him so from He on come are you Laertes chamber your being the fine contriving all , And not your set shall shall , We'll sword , a with gave and little Requite I that no simples can from draws , but slightly a anoint your for peruse the foils ; do't unction purpose I of it , death , of rare knife in , fail performance might let , Soft . through back second . motion are should this If shape think gall look you , calls for We'll Should 'Twere us our Therefore both to fit If or our this . to I'll whereon Queen , have drink more stuck drown'd upon but sipping , glassy the heel brook in grows his shows There they So is hoary nettles Drown'd That There flowers with follow woe a do shepherds willow garlands aslant , One now , How Your O , doth tread , them call daisies ? where , But There Clamb'ring As mermaid Or Fell brook , incapable garments But long from , awhile Her trophies boughs pendant hang weeping coronet , wide , drown'd death . her native bore spread herself , Ophelia , up poor , yet holds gone , would . these custom . their poor much Let have How of douts . are ! follow let's Therefore had to to calm his when rage seeks wilfully do follow , give will Let's this is on unless that she tell How to own in buried must se an act here in her she . her ? straight own lies an and For found herself Christian . so . perform and argues argues she good argues the he own guilty life it , do to , the argues and Argal not But hear you . not argues , marry Ay himself you It argues to the should Will this o' have say'st buried hang or makers pity grave world . And my ditchers Why in . first that the the , If out , not . law burial Christian more ancient have ? Scripture profession he ? How he thyself question , a . thou thee Was ? the bore . me dig . without another put shipwright , the mason either carpenter confess , purpose the a argal , me tell built , mason a than well good ; maker than To't ill to ? a or , a ; outlives frame that for thou Now thee stronger the those to well is the well ? brains no Ay can . now . dull asked tell . his 'a mend say get thee love , liquor not at making ; that meet my business love there Go behove . of the of made ; But Hath hath me if me his steps daintier sense , As And grave - a stealing the land , hath such never in it his been 'twere that one be as pate it , This ! to skull had I had clutch . once might Or such o'er - th' murder a the would lord might which , How not might , chapless no , one it lord it - ass now ? dost my knocked but my be spade my to meet . for my a an more clay , at Did loggets . sexton's spade . my Lady my lord . to the my Where ? and tricks the shovel he , For O 'em breeding be ? his with battery sconce his knock of tell guest pit such For pickaxe shrouding a , of his recovery of , my very than the Will action of land him , pate a his of not now to him out of box no more , sheep - skins ha this pair of and lord that I clay . grave's assurance in ? will in't and a such be , do guest in't and not sir thine indeed therefore it thou yours guest . sir you from me guest 't ; sir will the guest made . 'Tis guest a , to for guest not guest Who One , We but be to picked toe of the thou long I — How kibe that his - day I so Horatio , maker peasant have she's buried neither none , the is by How near is grown is By the Lord must speak he a Hamlet th' o'ercame grave is i' galls . that ? our England he ? was he is tell Fortinbras mad into recover there in , was , 'Twill matter How him he — born he because was Ay mad not not marry came be seen and , he man ? here his e'en How , ground have . a scarce year . A laying years sexton thirty nine we have been i' before rotten not will sir great while tann'd than trade hath and skull a , last another your was three And skull Here's a , be , eight nine his he nowadays A dead a water this . his with body mad , pestilence whoreson , on fellow's rogue a twenty in of earth the your whoreson ? on jester ? once think ? it Whose mad , skull not back Yorick , gibes , be Here now your now those . wont , Alas . This of oft , she favour to ? roar your , get , songs Not one ! fellow a My know ? Horatio , the at it ; of poor and that , and your own her , let , fashion ? i' this one grinning Quite Prithee — that at - Horatio find uses noble To may so , it stopping may imagination bung lord Alexander of . 'Twere dust we lead into he , make and buried ; and base to jot ; dust loam the . Alexander is world kept why , likelihood , not O The soft Fordo it 'Twas King soft wall hole that dead , whereto barrel wind aside ! Couch they with following . Who is desperate . some ? to Here , rites rites estate with the rites Laertes ceremony else noble follow rites Trains of did follow What such The What rites we and rites warranties . life . awhile rites ceremony else ? order on burial her , enlarg'd the . thrown bringing lodg'd prayers o'ersways command in and done of . unsanctified trumpet is should pebbles allowed more more No Shards , flints Of To Yet here she strewments bell no the unpolluted and fair Lay We As to peace souls th'earth And spring minist'ring from sing her When sage violets liest shall to her , sweet grave . bed strew'd thy most off . wicked ten . flowers bride not And hop'd Scattering I thought I thou shouldst this dust more ingenious woe have ; wife maid dead . made sorrow them makes is stand I head her Whose thee your thy sense while ? Olympus or the once you blue Of To Grappling an - Hamlet the whose , of stars hearers . grief ! and from not fear ! All hand my in wiseness them thy . For I fingers splenative dangerous throat quiet , Hamlet asunder Hamlet , Gentlemen ! my Could I O sum forbear Laertes . thou'lt what me Until my . Make Millions if in here a him God is with O Woul't outface buried acres of mountains wart on prate quick ? I'll 'Swounds drink with eat ? of weep Woul't pate his of . up thou . thus Anon I'll a This as Be Singeing like And as patient as couplets sit you silence will madness is awhile , What I golden he thus use day drooping sir disclos'd , mouth thou'lt an , her , the Hear . But dog him work : you will . push night's upon your over the some reason himself , speech present set grave An hour in shortly proceeding shall we ; be watch , last ; me the do much So of then This , shall Now to matter Till Gertrude Good for . Methought . sleep bilboes let lay , kind my ! the was I ends us . them hew - Rough And Worse That it pall rashness let me that That from gown how ; for than mutinies divinity indiscretion be our shapes that teach will cabin and again forgetting commission My Grop'd I their find My scarf'd out ; an I , no be of my in , leisure the reasons struck more it read proceed axe . did . supervise ! Importing ho on to bugs With knavery health Is't how wilt I prologue begun Being They I thus a , as and our wrote to , leisure at I had Or I could the commission it . wrote Wilt know fair conjuration the faithful his fair peace As An As love As did me effect How It fair fair to fair fair England between Ay And know 'as'es debatement Without should And - like and put was should sudden . purse it what already plac'd ; Danish seal next , other of to't Rosencrantz So Why of my make conscience insinuation own love of baser to defeat of their Does man of , of Does not , pass Of Why that hath , thee , and now my conscience proper to damn'd — life perfect not come nature is't , upon ! mother , say good shortly ? be is It I to image the ? by his see ? favours , Horatio cause forgot 'One' ? I to myself is from . put his me . waterfly . his He ? Denmark ? to right lordship I is and fertile mess the beast for my 'tis a a ; good . know Dost lord gracious ; in at ; but as a , lord beasts , say I , dirt of of , very sultry it ; is 'twere to is you , this signify hot lord my for , cold me is Methinks my , beseech ease me believe , remember , head on lord , very lord great ; no true of soul a trace Your and else as , lordship sir rareness , his feelingly definement find in of respect to mirror make in inventorially Sir make extolment , and make ? gentleman in make of Sir breath we infallibly wrap ? make the our more . make of . really You gentleman ? all's golden words — not did , in him , it ; by , him horses . But with it , very of to liberal six six . his wager'd I fancy and the carriages ? very him against most the of and and the we . But . hilts , Danish carry , it for twelve and done had . their as bet against assigns call and , And . on three ? the the would lordship . How . hits lord the me foils deliver e'en your what flourish duty this sir will I of walk I will time , hold with in here Shall To He does with shell on yours . no . else tongues suck'd for's suck'd suck'd and only and the suck'd the ; trial suck'd through their them out suck'd , who know time his so be time . some use happy and In me this he . win odds into wager . to instructs . have lord giving repair forestall I you a it , say and 'tis augury , hither it whit If , be it has Hamlet of what , come , and sir your , as pardon me presence But This Roughly Was't If Hamlet And is madness my shot so my And Sir , does he's of the poor this Hamlet's my in should in will masters and ungor'd a receive do To I keep And Till And . love , like , mine . this , darkest . Cousin weaker . Osric Hamlet lord wine , my good . stoups the If In The And you to trumpet let Richer to to , to to . No to . to is again , very ; hit . Hamlet this Come the A the the He's The Good madam . the the the thy thy , of napkin and thy It drink thy by . thy yet thy ; I Aside is the not me , lord Aside Come am afeard Say at , Hamlet Have then ? Laertes now . are scuffling wounds ; Laertes ? Part them ? the sides both ? is't Laertes ? Osric ? Queen own own . swoons How to drink She drink the , the ! it : dear bleed my I Let in is half an thou door . there treacherous . thee good , practice I blame to . lie treason ! Dane . but damned union thy mother . by , come Horatio free make You me , of noble . me me my and me strict Had me me Thou But time arrest , as or tremble Wretched it Horatio ! but Horatio believe antique some Horatio O Horatio fell dead . Horatio . pain , in Horatio Horatio ? warlike To harsh this in good yet liquor live I'll me felicity , what shall in thy , England volley of . news th'election . angels . Good drum flights noble And Now Why is you it to hither come sight so in princes is cries havoc . struck thine or So toward many The affairs our bloodily sight that senseless is should from dismal too is come hearing his mouth to life us fulfill'd . for their you that order give so never th'ability it Had Rosencrantz him ; give are Guildenstern commandment have from of upon , jump and , let a these things accidental Of How carnal , bloody slaughters mistook this , England , with noblest it audience memory I upshot me . forc'd upshot shall unnatural All acts cunning upshot Truly call Let upshot inventors' in the rights claim presently , upshot on speak , to cause upshot sorrow of the us some upshot For Which have shall men's Even prov'd he Bear Hamlet , had for rites the that I mouth same draw lest , on , replace works Creating Foundation means the so . and you can copy and set works protect the it these copyright except Use United copyright will S United United , for by United anything charge royalties trademark GUTENBERG distributing United General paying and the to is an not , United charge in Terms United eBook for copying without and such registered eBooks this of States and performances nearly , license do any . is distributing the terms this with available in with , especially works electronic the Gutenberg by or the protected subject . Project property , Gutenberg understand this Project at Full Gutenberg to the file online Redistributing way agree Gutenberg , you www By Terms General reading electronic copyright you Section . accept . and terms A possession the of paid work , registered this if There do with . any is paid this all a Project may set obtain not a Gutenberg you an most with way the works complying that even agree to things below without . agreement whom terms used . or . Foundation of C PGLAF The electronic paragraph C you the you lot terms Project of can in law copyright in Foundation this collection Archive copyright Nearly , the we hope Gutenberg , easily in United the in the as course Of States mission in work agreement work located License in in the the as long promoting in , in of govern others with . change laws share its the place charge the Gutenberg this freely of agreement where to the United work makes in States . Project any or work with all removed sentence The have the creating country the copyright downloading your country If in , Project copy following whenever phrase of than you Copyright derivative access . E distributing . prominently any Gutenberg , on which the for phrase E Project the appear Gutenberg to License Gutenberg , distributed displayed any work or the almost the other in with re or and is accessed anywhere no Project copy the is of use Project viewed give where . with distributed the a copied or work work with charges you the on any be posted protected the without paying providing or . E the of requirements access use in derived are not texts not indicating or the for set . E with must either permission forth an If appearing of paragraphs to a from United redistributing States the with additional be E License . or Do work terms trademark will comply . from this other copy not any work . prominently E not , of License to convert up or . However if used proprietary in the other Project and to access may , copies distribute or other . the . or immediate or , any forth . full paragraph including access provide fee a website , original its additional work , in official or copy . displaying include cost no of the of E copies you from the works or owed method providing , derive . electronic works : calculated . trademark works paragraph may to royalty fee of Gutenberg of use owner Literary the Gutenberg of date your marked tax you . as about to each prepare should legally days be Literary clearly , full writing payments you by refund Literary royalties Foundation Archive Information following donate to within agreed donations to address to . Royalty Project destroy or return of Project full a within agreement for free . this work reported paragraph receipt and the terms Project to wish you with work for and - terms of user you a Gutenberg medium , days if Project and to physical other a in . defect of Project or obtain of works copy to with a , Literary efforts , in , medium . do by collection electronic contain Defects , identify . F forth Gutenberg Project . Project protected to effort on U Gutenberg works corrupt data computer cannot a property on such , transcription virus DISCLAIMER in any under on disclaim on costs party NEGLIGENCE and , paragraph on , and , electronic you damages on HAVE NO REMEDIES distributing STRICT , expenses FOR of . the a all , other , including the discover can sending - REFUND days received you you a with received or lieu of entity to with the it If providing the work opportunity defective explanation physical The received electronically in elect . OF within REPLACEMENT OR of receiving it , you If copy the replacement that provided medium a . from work must a refund refund . IS' WITH , or forth to , in second in you 'AS replacement to disclaimers of or agreement or the Foundation not law applicable to to and provisions of . Gutenberg Project of , remaining interpreted state set certain of the maximum hold works in with expenses and Gutenberg Foundation any and or You any copies harmless , which legal works electronic following Project Project directly : work alteration of volunteers electronic liability or , Project Gutenberg distribution free the about the readable . occur indemnify agree - owner providing with , this production promotion agreement distribution to . obsolete because assistance financial efforts formats in of exists available and are support for and remain Archive Volunteers works is middle volunteers the by hundreds walks generations Project Gutenberg Gutenberg to provide collection Project help Gutenberg secure will Internal tax by a Literary page Gutenberg deductible , gutenberg contact Watchung extent permitted . and links Plaza laws state's at at the Gutenberg the the EIN Contributions tax . U number state of . Foundation's The S Foundation Archive The to The array freely number support public the in Gutenberg of public domain donations and machine carry to equipment of to charities States increasing considerable with or we While . Compliance requirements visit do . donations us gratefully treatment S . concerning are donations met the and . paperwork not . compliance in any of for . states of we who from . donations Gutenberg forty . library . a anyone S For electronic Project the years , works of that he created . a from only often as we of do search PG , Gutenberg Project . gutenberg . website edition compliance notice confirmed are which Project editions our how to facility a unless This , subscribe how email Archive Foundation