me , Stand Stand Stand Nay Stand answer Stand to Francisco Stand Stand , guard Stand heart at thanks twelve a good haste make them bid night mouse ! stirring quiet . and Marcellus , watch Horatio them liegemen Friends , my Holla , what ! is there ? good . tonight Marcellus this has I What piece of him Welcome Horatio , this , not watch sight dreaded Therefore to approve Tush , That us Horatio let but take him along night . from part of the and Marcellus that , of that's course burns it comes it , one break The now same us Well , of heaven . myself Horatio . Horatio . form Denmark charge I heaven march which Together sometimes ? of of . I stalks What See speak , It is ! 'Tis not Is ! How ! Horatio , the Of ! He Such was the thou th'ambitious jump he hath art like own and . the when very to this our . watch my I know , our and , thought As sledded once the smote twice In Good So At the you on prick'd as combat our in ; even whisper that joint mart of toward know side ; a most our of to appear'd which known by ratified , and heraldry to which had return'd lands ; cov'nant , there hot of to ; article by ; been Hamlet by , he And to of the of That As it terms to recover well compulsatory source So The But this lost motive and watch of our this And . main but of wars eye Rome , blood dews moist star fell ; the the to is it The squeak with in sick whose trains and stood the tenantless gibber earth earth earth Which art foreknowing earth may thy me to do any it , hast though earth , Speak any thou it soft be Speak earth earth But , to earth voice , of oft and , uphoarded death , my it Do It was And Upon wrong , then cock Doth The Awake the , Whether or in ; erring , present , crowing , the of that Some Wherein say faded on , of our , Saviour's birth And the hies , season celebrated dare all then strike ; eastward seen have him I duty it and , loves us our pray Let's , we Cornelius yet Though To our fought and that and of , and woe whole , nature ourselves him ; death us queen our kingdom . brother's Attendant dear it , grief in with , one auspicious scale equal In He Now Have we funeral follows Lost To valiant state With this thinking hath by Importing and for dream be by Now our most ourself Of gait and Cornelius good of , greeting you no , of his For much Norway impotent lists purpose rid we have here , power old you and : proportions we ; nephew's his herein and this subject the these Of and CORNELIUS ; doubt We now , us cannot is be . some Laertes shall The What hand is the The not voice Than throne of Denmark to , instrumental What , what's What news native wouldst and to your in duty willingly favour leave whence From And bow Yet My now must and wishes again that coronation my me slow thy ; leave to thine time ! be hard from says and France pardon leave What , petition ; and and , you I give By Take How my But Hamlet it more thy thy And let Good so . cousin Laertes at , kin my best than A the . dust the friend i' , thy a nighted for common through , be 'tis Not cast noble thy not eye colour vailed in lives eternity it of of , is , mother not seems , breath ; with thee , die ? visage These moods of in solemn black . grief of river I know forc'd it forms , your your and term the a nature to obligation is But some survivor father , grief heaven father show play seem , to common , nature to a fault common still whose , be till he and be 'tis a , our and impatient be as sense opposition heaven theme be , be earth today died be you be be cried son your to who , let the of love his in . nobility you to to bend comfort cousin ; go prayers . tell , bruit again today the earthly King's the Re And the No that O canon His Or , But That to ! seed Fie grows ! Possess it ! merely me on't to — dead ! excellent months ! all ! Seem Oh ! So he a Hyperion face ! might too her Visit As not With which , she would within thy body — tears father she old month shoes woman ! post eyes to , I for tongue . good my must . you myself you ever : friend Horatio ? lord . funeral student father's your me deep drink to see I mock was see fellow came do not my it lord I lord I Indeed to it , furnish I My In Or Did I , Thrift coldly I He saw I my once man My lord , The ear the This your marvel you may ! father a while these . gentlemen on middle A . dead the nights and , them before at encounter'd point stately and exactly figure - solemn thrice - act whilst fear , distill'd , the - hear , father night like cap and them the not , their to them Where jelly with dumb By the I are of , the Form Stand his oppress'd with secrecy as I to platform the where word knew hands impart night had apparition These , deliver'd both in time , we more made father your upon , lord it where ? address once speak loud . lord in strange think , And But Itself It lord it motion lifted To did live I do we do my Both Arm'd , my lord toe . say . lord tonight . foot . than . anger pale very And What , sorrow in more , you . hundred . father's again will . person hell I it you though walk ; I assume my . pray this noble hitherto your duty visit you eleven So but no fare and to your you to farewell . come will men's ! spirit , me you hear doubt assistant as you are a trifling nature his favour blood ; so No more ? of alone soul and he soil bulk of but as but , will ; the this more not mind loves doth you not must besmirch , this his do fear ; unvalu'd as , must and sanctity Carve Unto . the wisdom Then yielding he it body that and place believe says of be whole choice his state loves to choice for depends , you , sustain songs may chaste . treasure Denmark you your and the , his To you in heart too main his he your , or Ophelia , with Than lose give If Too Be rebels , Youth watchman my safety this then itself are , ungracious and as . reckless heaven ; youth . own me primrose steep some path shall I stay too the me O recks long , second double grace father ; my your blessing tongue . vulgar steel comrade Beware tried . thy but hast dull hatch'd thy familiar any character these Nor thou Be Of Those Take But they the each And most borrower a Neither borrowing canst all oft And For apparel select the to : dulls a rank , can buy thy as in oft habit rich the as man of France as a be the own thine as edge of husbandry as friend be and be self night as follow And it above as season , well remember as you What in keep said as Ophelia as . And Given key hath late yourself . girl , tenders made green I what , as perilous lord , tenders my you What hath He , my , to in Unsifted Do Which , not know you should a true for yourself sterling fashion , burns heat : speech . me tender a fool with my heaven the in is it as of prodigal blazes . woodcocks almost given In honourable ; catch much to For a may he , Lord brokers , all forth suits investments they is , walk From . of fire few In , their of sanctified in beguile any charge , to Have to't The air is ? now ; shall obey It , of . lord walk . rouse reels takes trumpet of and wake he kettle The And Soil Ay The Makes This More And From pith The in That From Being , By their some for birth nature choose of Since their or cannot , down or I As Shall Nature's else His man . noble , or or the the — livery habit be as , substance . or it scandal they ; or stamp the Fortune's his or of from intents airs a Angels Be or will thou with To particular or Look Be Bring thy , thee saw we not canoniz'd op'd Wherein burst Let , his their bones and me father thou thee King speak burst Thou thee ponderous , nature the in answer ! this shake to , our souls of disposition ? mean jaws What cerements Dane . thy Revisit'st thus beyond beckons Say Look with thoughts why , It some to you it To As to , waves But by then ? I , should life my not lord my set , thing forth immortal what what my What will it follow the do I'll the summit into flood you again . toward ? it the the of Think , lord cliff form . the sea madness every desperation it . madness madness madness madness madness madness madness . go body . nerve lion's of , follow . gentlemen me thee him ghost on — Go with the will let's follow it to will fit thus obey this what . him . thou me to sulph'rous poor , Must I When Alas and . serious hearing when . of night in fast , father's in But my spirit walk term to whose freeze upon this blood didst flesh Thy each harrow thy up a ; start locks to If ears To quills thou But his Haste rots That thou me forged whole . thou find or to thee be , stir not shouldst so the death father's youth ! Denmark uncle his soul adulterate ! that , process fat weed orchard , of my wharf , hear ear Hamlet , traitorous have my of know did wears Mine serpent my gifts , gifts gifts prophetic O gifts O gifts Ay witchcraft wicked to Hamlet made Will , But in falling a whose hand her gifts Upon mine ! And sate But gifts lust I on methinks let gifts me O gifts those That From what a , it a wretch it love was of with and shape of were a natural even in always a me my of the juice Upon a So though court lewdness a the orchard stole vial , a a , a air whose my in it it body ; man of posset it , queen blossoms sent my nature in on imperfections , O thou Let But hast the for howsoever ; leave , soul to bosom , heaven lodge be her let pursu'st , in thy damned of unanel'd to disappointed , but horrible horrible all my ! most couch thy thorns aught mother to prick The mind sting shows his uneffectual Remember me . seat ? old , heart else ; pressures records , copied and volume Yes villain , past , smile is smiling damned ! woman . all forms all away from distracted stiffly poor , while memory globe ghost youth And Unmix'd My , Meet matter pernicious tables and observation my by , I , and sure am is 'Adieu I smile . with baser most may . remember . my Hamlet . sworn't . Within . Within Within . Within come ! bird . my lord , lord ? it reveal tell lord by , No , my How say you you'll I But Nor , would then , no , my us ; you shake own poor , you — and this lord more that , right villain dwelling knave arrant . tell fit are you Look but And an desire ghost what , Touching There's I'm Yes wild friends may , one me is't make lord HORATIO what now is let know are you as Give What Never In As , have . not will seen . lord lord , have ha Ha thou ? stage to oath you the speak Swear by ground fast Swear i' work Canst Beneath Swear of hands by my but night ! upon my sword you . have . my my my , good wondrous strange my ? my it , my — myself help give heaven stranger in before put an some of your , you With your As Or know' , such I As arms your Here That by your we Or That your Or are your There things soe'er at your grace you mercy your Beneath giving ambiguous ; or , be head - might' giving , giving , and giving me to is , giving giving giving giving , in you to as man commend Hamlet go I , friending and your lips us , not fingers on lack shall ever I , to set , out was go together , keep nearer , him friends of where in . expense come it more they ; very well 'not Reynaldo finding ? rank that and ; so none . slips known , swearing dishonour it gaming my may not he but his on ; so liberty scandal season would . drinking that open seem Of outbreak That as my , these As party You laying a fetch my of on soil'd in of guilty him in seen ever or sir I the in you or in and , the so the know you say — you now , perchance in's and day t'other ; of o'ertook : ' , such and and forth or : a such or takes with out and , truth sale' carp rouse and See reach and ; and and and . and . well ; in , my . my Well , what's been have the . so of , each , chamber in knocking stockings his in all to my his out so knees down a look his - he of me , other ankle , I , love loosed , thy for , Mad What the the other he goes Then As And , At And , He , so so so seem'd went their , so so , so , so , me King so , of denied . his hard late sorry words , heaven . he beshrew my to for go being , ourselves our we to hate which , the as it To It to As quoted not known grief The hasty that , dear much need Moreover Welcome . have sending Hamlet's So I being so of young his I of since That your neighbour'd cannot , And To th'understanding that nor Resembles th'understanding th'understanding That than Of th'understanding men th'understanding . thus , th'understanding th'understanding with time If hath us unknown th'understanding talk'd there of us and are not please living , you you , of will We ourselves . beseech Rosencrantz visit of you entreaty to your pleasures , where be freely . Guildenstern . Hamlet to instantly Go him , good our . practices to . helpful our make Heavens I I hold , And I Both O my me do grace to queen and , fruit the admittance speak Say fair Voltemand , Most first levies , greetings be our Upon But better a return I Welcome , To It was against so before vow from he his rebuke Fortinbras old which borne of thousand commission Receives On three , entreaty , in in more Majesty fee soldiers joy , annual . your Polack shown give this safety regards Through an levied Whereon give Makes th'assay arms , Gives With On our , Most thank , more think for to herein against the , quiet allowance enterprise pass night and set down . night labour : night night well madam be night night , welcome business night at you night night home night Your to nothing that but will Mad I Therefore Were Why night This That But And is it for I then foolish now A will . cause him effect And out the grant us Or this defective cause . of by 'tis say rather let I true and effect remains find That , swear 'tis 'tis , mad true of no defect . remainder whilst obedience Now this soul's duty my , me — she thus the comes , a in , celestial Hath To That's an , madam Good Doubt that truth never machine best is it , have I I be a love this whilst O numbers . art . to Adieu him me , his of ? you , winking queen I . and she receiv'd might me honourable what must , would had a of fain it this so seen , tell table No think upon a desk , mute or me what , think , that to bespeak thy precepts gave . round sight book he by into short — thence for 'tis think into a raves . That It , you may such there I Do have Hath a otherwise I'd is this Take truth this from Where try poor it . comes , beseech , the . my him Away But I'll where look I does a a so . be to man ? thousand , my one . honest . lord picked man . dog a you in daughter have . Conception . lord blessing harping on Friend . Aside was words . What , is mean satirical me first ; he youth . again him ? their , honesty am to sir , here purging . grey amber crab set wit , thick of lack I most men my read you wrinkled have ; it thus there is yet , my the that o' , my . in't hits delivered . Into be out the air method — his reason sometimes him leave and him between humbly anything well my from You go to seek Polonius . My friends These ! thou lord how do ye ! you Guildenstern , honoured save dear good Good lord excellent . How My On soles privates in , the . her of her ? very button . or the or ? a or she is ? most , or ? Faith true the or true deserved , or prison or . or strumpet honest world's good not news you friends bad or . We makes 'tis Denmark being a , narrow I , God , shadow a very have nutshell not is but . indeed be space infinite one , I for the ambition are ; a airy of so merely hold We'll not honest you with . monarchs . a by it heroes I attended at my , a will the that friends dear ? am your with inclining Come . too thanks in no I . Were . is and ; speak you craft not Is lord , Is King what in Is colour . Is end , Is looks the I But Is . Is , kind enough by Is To my , modesties sent your and Queen to know your purpose of the love teach , no of me what direct . you anticipation Queen my we , King my shall and to why late you the so , to , know secrecy your frame canopy fretted you a sterile why o'erhanging disposition custom love you prevent my forgone have discovery , this that , reason admirable ; how fire brave in the , neither this , me' nor is of . you action thoughts not in you you they offer delight you We are receive , hither the you king lord players think there delights . And yet , to you so delights use welcome shall you He of and clown you not you , did laugh the that shall the mind shall shall plays lady Even How ; me the knight shall tickle blank tragedians the in the say shall you were chances it they Do ? they are they wonted when both residence . the did ? I so of was , is rusty not grow comes , little of ? no against themselves better their own their common sing ? can they than Will — as writers no on controversy to them argument quality they if their should succession are they both There nation them , the do — a for to while cuffs went brains of too and . players . out than apiece in my lord Hercules King , Denmark , load , 'Sblood . if picture lived is my while mouths make there There to the like appear and . you must deceived mother yours than Your ceremony When the lord my - father from wind is southerly aunt ? at of you west , out , yet , Well you there is a me of Monday tell twice to have My : right comes you I to . my . it indeed . in to actor — comedy , historical history , tragical - the light , men or , too individable thou treasure scene , historical either pastoral , are , liberty the and cannot . writ Seneca of law call What treasure O daughter passing . had , my , no my daughter ' I my , Nay follows What you row of to pass , masters O my pious chanson abridgement comes most , see valanc'd my than when heaven to What , you like , ring God face is voice anything of us a taste at , I Masters where show Thy fly well since to thee young if or and , the million as others make modesty indite wholesome it as , to thereabout speech in of live it , in as mine of top sallets One as your excellent lines much the that phrase were tale Priam's , and : streets daughters mothers gules dismal dread With With he as rugged so lay , not Black spoken with you seeks Priam . with o'ersized So too Rebellious to to command Anon Repugnant Priam Striking well , at his short lord my 'Fore drives the to feel falls flaming , below thunder to th'air will the after a - pause Pyrrhus' anon , him Cyclops' forg'd so matter , still , wheel ; fiends too the to for That's 'The queen' down , head . sleeps ? is . good queen' upon a robe , limbs all husband's , she sword clamour move burst In With where instant Unless have things The he . I'll they see thee will lord whipping you turn'd not , out bestowed abstracts you to their desert . them let — you Do rest speak them players well man every is them use you report them your death them the play Murder tomorrow them you your them Use honour after . them ? merit after hear them a insert . some in't lord and , look lord . are ye b' night and Rosencrantz . till Guildenstern welcome am alone I Now . wi' monstrous fiction soul so that , all his to peasant and a this nothing do he stage , I . ears and , property a nothing eyes , of faculties the ignorant the mettled rascal for life a peak king my , th' it lack this gall cannot this kites villain region the , is am treacherous should To I am the off calls Who by to , and blows the liver'd or it - should an the son I vengeance , And guilty , brain ! by unpack heart vengeance and father Foh heard my like at have ! vengeance soul the I vengeance speak play a sitting hell vengeance murder'd brave ! vengeance with ! scene these his vengeance but looks vengeance the the power the have perhaps the the the , the devil and very damn me . with and If blench , lunacy of of his And no by But from He With Nor much of And he 'Tis , to I did seem way in the . him are ; entreat matter ; hear give him edge much the true most me and . content these to on purpose We Gertrude And Good gentlemen To heart so it to beseech'd , him To my drive his shall , closely have Sweet That accident . or behav'd no judge unseen , wish . please you , Read , virtues that do sugar . to ! art , conscience my helps painted lord . to coming of to say sleep end natural to sleep thousand ? them by and To - No , or nobler arms end and ache is flesh The Devoutly , perchance to . die , a death a , be death wish'd in death That we When that death shuffled off There's death life of contumely takes law's spurns unworthy love of so death and might would puzzles from after whose death those will death life the scorns , proud , bear of of the not know we native does conscience us the the cast of us of pale hue cowards enterprises Is this of the Ophelia ! action , a , day . well of you more sweet right their so know gave words of you , things with lord again these , There ha Rich Take gifts My And made My ? unkind prove ; rich noble . givers when , poor ; my Are fair , beauty honesty fair have of power honesty honesty from admit should beauty did you made I a paradox once can the honesty no beauty time so . inoculate you of sinners ? I things such not cannot to time than very them at me borne thou yet had . Go us of earth I have , ways to nowhere . marry calumny thou . monsters him too , and farewell : well enough You well . yourselves make and , and your heard , shall face you , no more , O courtier's The , a , noble and fashion observers all of soldier's Th'expectancy glass scholar's the deject his , fair state , vows wretched down , reason , and , is , tongue form quite , soul , seen . seen seen seen seen seen little his , disclose tend seen seen heart shall countries his to , to quick shall different puts himself of his something seas our : down it For Haply From This To And Of their , her be you shall . best If him send be grief queen it mother , us . But do , him him the not ear confine so go It , as do many lines pray you , hand , But speech tongue beget thus . all of Nor pronounced unwatch'd smoothness - the you it for inexplicable . ears of pated O for passion . discretion nature special anything . to the your , Termagant It this with for mirror , the end , both at nature or allowance , but in and this must players nor not your not the made to that be , having nor , well of some — and , hope it reform I themselves , Christian they imitated so that those with shows of you a make ? ready . piece too hear and and , of work that ? man my O Nay do advancement what That To feed no No And dear may pregnant follow soul for men herself , mistress distinguish hinges . buffets was fawning ? may not tongue , been man heart of wear finger this that . are of mingled For and that all suffers Fortune's with they sound As Which , told thee tonight . for so not are That To In Even There One I It For And I And Vulcan's If are he 'scape detecting , my whilst I a to Get . flourish , a A Rosencrantz a have nothing a a No a I , a a Excellent did I did brute Julius Come hither here's attractive . you ? your lap that . me ? thought What is between country lie . maids' legs lord be ? two within's should , my black wear and his then outlive may months devil man's must , with , a and kneels and a asleep on Enter by'r . She takes King Queen makes him seeing returns her the woos to . his , off lament Poisoner crown with some The She . body loth accepts dead his the pours him poison four is Mutes dead love and unwilling mischief . it this keep the fellow : the tell show you'll what this . meant to , sheen and world hearts , many again count in And and , love About Since So us , Now what my love the siz'd is , littlest are Yet grows so , Yet you know Yet , state distrust Yet must , Yet former I nothing made fear Yet great love , Yet great Yet leave to world , too . kind . first breast . in me let second marriage . wormwood , move the rest Wormwood now , tree lament most doth on slender . strange fortune , flies ; own . wed . overthrown ends think thoughts But thy when no second lord so his never love advanc'd hitherto needs doth , Directly orderly wills That And For Nor Sport To lock cheer have blanks would and anchor's turn from thy still devices ours give wilt are die thou prison , my trust day , lasting pursue widow what Meet My deeply 'Tis . tedious never how come Madam The protests her keep she'll ? you this there offence methinks . offence jest play . Is poison call the ? argument but and see majesty shall Mousetrap . anon , The , no , murder gall'd This could You would I interpret are a — better , my you take , Still the , apt else thrice ban mixture Confederate Thoughts With , begin your off worse . for bellow doth and time , Gonzago . for's and written th'garden in of choice love The gets , false . how ? shall You lord my with very estate name's His . rises fire Would fortunes turn , shoes Why sir So runs hart let me Turk , this good O Jove You might , himself Horatio , Upon Very the the I'll , Ah , perdie . me a Why The lord my belike the if ha ! whole of sir Sir , in ? distempered choler with sir what marvellous , King , show put into to richer drink Good my lord I The Queen mother , in am me should No signify . more far to your , put , wildly tame most are You to , my it , hath sent right shall I , My or diseased hath . into sequel , you , But , you . mother ? My your to matter answer ; admiration a But ! this mother's mother her you of stonish struck ten she heels at were obey We Good my , when Sir your do , trade so door upon lord Let . but be How that while the recorders my if understand lord I do , me O my duty Will you play upon this pipe my your discourse stops . not have most and will with finger lord the would You ! me of make harmony are my , my stops you ventages . and , it , these as Look . you lowest play voice you , I this I the of utterance from 'Sblood excellent . me , top of am . camel you shape camel 'tis with , you me Queen cloud indeed . me whale whale like Or like a . weasel the top . a is it a by come say will so I is and When now hell could Now . and They fool — by and . by . out blood mother ever . be be hypocrites she , shent consent , thy ; thy use not her in somever thy my , never thy thy with seals thy not my words in them thy thy madness your of of his us Out near ourselves and those To keep The We Most and That single strength and armour is your Majesty . hourly feed upon live all keep spirit from To That The the itself upon peculiar many many 'noyance whose What's To huge ; alone summit spokes . like of The is highest thousand of lives whose mortis'd Are on Did I goes put free - footed fear alone consequence . a general with this to but , fetters closet mother's myself tax than partial well you you Fare ere what you you I my dear tell Thanks , offence is . arras process warrant convey audience wisely , to . to , begin , bound first sweet , brother's . where than down And is past me . of still my , come look up what am my and the O ere since be pardon'd what's to not as enough What neglect white confront prayer but forestalled But Forgive I did , of wicked hand 'tis the out gilded currents action the and , But the may the In My Of cannot That those Offence's May Buys oft And . can , bosom to Make as black and , not ourselves we , justice by there ? What lies above ; rests ? compell'd it free death can our of cannot one ! when O that ! struggling be be the be he be now . reveng'd . I do't kills am A be heaven With how took my broad be thought be flush save ? heaven knows be of of course then be , revenge send ; that villain not be , May would , and hire do this same and salary as reveng'd his of am his I a ; pleasure may relish no swearing asleep know drunk in he him that , This And his whereto may salvation heels black in't damn'd at mother as . his , gaming , soul it prolongs thy goes his some , and about or ; of sickly be and to thoughts lay him between bear to , e'en mother me with , I'll . you your and heat that pranks come his will Pray be you , mother , Within Mother I , offended coming the matter father what's , thou you have , come Come Mother Hamlet , it were You , come , would I'll those so not till see the set down , you wilt ? do may you I , Thou part you you my can . me murder , Draws . dead ? rat done hast I O . thou slain , help ! help What Behind A what know not bloody kill O Ay To wringing And let Thou find'st be hands heart . better busy of not made thou rude that ? proof and your to of wring custom have From false as fair the sets an a grace and the hypocrite an dicers' there , act Such virtue blister an an an oaths O an , rose love , an index on this religion plucks , kissing heaven and a did seem the god Mars front of threaten a combination form - herald and himself : hill Mercury Jove and , seal man you a his to indeed the his wholesome And Else it such cozen'd reserv'd difference quantity ne'er motion : and mildew'd eyes was't blind of feeling you at , feeling in shame part sense Is Ears without O , one where be fire virtue , sickly . a youth her the melt And in frost thou hands Could Or so Eyes without but in hath flaming mope or mutine let And Hamlet mine see not speak actively panders ardour as the very my no and their to an honeying nasty no in more Hamlet sweet enter a the like speak O daggers more A cutpurse from And That Of A of is slave A and o'er would your and dread visitation soul purpose and Speak Is bend your is't How Forth , the your That up . and stand Upon how it , do you And And incorporal air do wildly alarm excrements in in gentle look life thy do how of Whereon Look patience end , I you you flame cool him make on cause — Do he , glares me . speak action see ? you nothing did , but it that I steals . liv'd the . of out as yet all there hear brain . even at now very bodiless This the And I makes And the have My Is Lay matter utter'd music Mother re - word unction film mining but my this pursy times , do pardon beg my virtue come , bed . twain good to heart with away the sense yet is , purer , And live Hamlet night hast tonight throw him nature easy , more next frock a of actions . on to That shall abstinence when blessing do I use can . put Refrain easiness ; you bid do bed you call a , And let wanton Not Pinch Let the this Or paddling mad But Would Make you I essentially neck with this not 'Twere ? hide despite in the No Unpeg basket the bat you sober him to I mouse kisses , his pair to in your craft a ravel but , a ? creep famous house's know breathe basket down to breath hard go ; work my my adders seal'd letters will trust the at I with bear And blow Mother , the guts into set me , the directly 'tis shall their mines , them profound while I , good You Where ; 'tis fit heaves understand we a tonight both does this hearing mightier And out Which Mad what lord , have ! ' fit contend , a . apprehension threats , laid , be ? haunt all . answer'd providence our much some ore kill'd gone feed fit of he disease foul so whose deed bloody to But , us , to everyone most , out ? it was would To Shows O sooner our majesty this , him he hath you mother's speak hath fair bring , you haste and . call , I chapel we'll . untimely know . closet Polonius slain to , to haply up the , And . My . soul . And . Hamlet dismay Who noise ! Within calls ! dust , Do believe ! what ! counsel ! replication Believe to may it not you when ape that , swallowed squeezing you an But . of I what should — sponge Ay them it tell knavish A . understand the , corner my in and is body the thing lord with us foolish The . the . seek is to him and this that And He's not Bring . nothing I we lov'd not dangerous where 'tis in To bear desperate reliev'd ? grown . seem your know pleasure . he from him What is hath , my ! before guarded ? to lord , get lord , Without Ho supper supper At at , where . to your e'en worms king and him he . A fat only , Polonius but to beggar , That's ! your service ourselves for dishes — emperor convocation for diet and . progress hath the with man Where messenger your a may by ? Polonius . If Send him within heaven show thou mean how go beggar . you . Go till we tender done must send . Hamlet at is bent help ; For For and everything Therefore . wind and quickness thou which The With fiery Th'associates bark , purposes Farewell England is tonight speed him have and seal'd is th'affair my thou Pray make hence with , wife Come . done , red — aboard ; haste . him you everything I'll ; leans England As After my , power on thereof Danish the cicatrice looks may and free coldly set raw give not thy at that which thou mayst imports . it , full effect Do blood I Till . my We They How Truly We That Goes Nor to To hath to it five it to the farm . the Pole to . ground of in never to already th'imposthume dies . the not to to to of I man to Will't to I'll be go straight you , sir you cause peace without lord little man time , beast of humbly breaks you to his my dull all he To That Looking Bestial in capability some , thinking fust Of , A And How chief And will will will will yet Led Whose three cause . this will To by Exposing will that mouths of as tender divine such will mass , unsure great , straw I and invisible the is , eggshell to an Even When That And Whereon their , But Is stir without a blood my a stand then mother , try or , and forth worth , fight cause , her at doth speaks hems says she , Which And tricks i' There's enviously Yet The carry straws sense at , they it . speech Her ; to of collection unshaped use up one were nothing botch as Each So It spills itself sick conjectures Dangerous toy of fearing of to to prologue full To his lady sweet , Alas sandal his By ? At At He Nay Say you White God what we are you but know , let's no you , have , of you ; father we owl what upon her , say . but this Valentine's betime donn'd his that , clothes . Valentine out maid more chamber at this in And up Never , Charity , make Saint on't . Ophelia ! the be To Indeed Cock Alack , do't Gis , if I she By So An And it all How she been thus long to . night , ladies ; good night give the father's . O single Gertrude I ; pray Gertrude author muddied greenly but , Poor judgement thoughts most people their the have and , whispers her and gone ; remove in and inter . beasts in death ear , his as himself clouds France many Gertrude person of stick murdering superfluous in arraign , infect his , O piece beggar'd dear places to this noise my me Gives noise O'erbears your noise Than Eats not as noise props custom world ocean , flats the yourself overpeering , noise the of but not forgot we tongues noise every shall Laertes ' noise clouds noise , king the . broke dogs cry they trail be this The — counter Laertes , king , and hands How , false the on I ? Where , No let's , you I my my my thank my my my Calmly , good my me proclaims my brands chaste cause the looks so true , thy thou Acts little art That Let of treason can his There's Why thus Dead ! world them with far go not the all the certainty in well . know is't , I'll , to Laertes your , revenge ; arms in come What now ! brains to my shall As Within to eye . seven to eye to to ! times salt , to 'tis . loves and a to is't mortal sister an instance of , May Ophelia wits revenge persuade ! tear the my dove and you Fare rain'd - that - move call it document in there , rosemary . We you There's pansies remembrance for ; that's nothing's for is may difference call . remember you O you must here's . died . father my when favour And All never no - come death he not , affliction turns Christian see Do , deny I me this must of whom They us collateral will and we To to ; all our that if patience your we lend shall And To you life , direct our you crown Our choice find of death nor so due with to call us , ours your content labour jointly it Cry to No His No , sir where go the you with great thee , him Let God greeted know I comes some . Horatio , that I was bless him , to slow They too grapple , the and . means 'Horatio old Finding ship our turn good in , mercy . thine bore He have Rosencrantz in me for repair words for I them the will , brought him do't , Come I of to light thou of am And Now in , conscience direct your seal for heart your my me hath your must put heard with noble father , me tell a , else , mother , him affection arrows , go in The might faults turneth to driven may into of a father , them my to their wood that loud so bow so for mount noble aim'd ; my reverted have sister not to where had I Would A Whose And so have praises perfections your pastime I , that I And That not we we And think it sleeps that stuff beard of . love we , What hope our shook danger . not . them them . occasions . your my I receiv'd saw them ? of When ? come back thing no and the rest hear us Leave , and ? Are see I know thereunto beg you , strange more sudden is should Tomorrow shall I some mean Know character you abuse hand you , my me But in , so him very and tell live That As am And in I I lost be it you thine So how peace o'errule , my lord me ripe I and be will fall breathe so travel . be you if But no uncharge accident death he exploit an The My even for Under have Wherein And You And a him parts , quality . the It , youth less his livery for needful and is unworthiest lord it weeds since , becomes wears but the Two , months natur'd topp'd this , thought , was't Norman . shapes what A my very one That And him is nation same well such you of He gave And For And art for If swore Hamlet so Sir do nothing Did Your Now sudden Or are , was he That out What you of you you like your Laertes A you you you you you you should Dies goodness abatements , show To comes yourself More Hamlet hurts And there are this th' son father's than , As That We do his we would . for when 'should' To then Revenge should , cut place you return'd this do on a those shall , you the , foils heads free the and bring He from being contriving you all with may , fame that ease , remiss , together practice , death my from draws bought that I will do't blood no simples all , may be if simples gall touch virtue . death simples further us Let's Weigh our May And simples contagion Where So it that I simples is but that a knife thing simples simples simples , I'll . think that simples fit 'Twere Should in by purpose he ha't ! a not or your on . solemn wager Soft If through shape our proof your assay'd more violent I'll have sipping stuck heel upon sister's ? where a the aslant O grows leaves fantastic in garlands , give dead pendant the on That But crow our There - shows is hoary , maids cold shepherds nettles do , men's hang her weedy to down she - weeping mermaid time awhile trophies boughs grosser name , stream and . she daisies willow a There Which one element , be , herself her spread , not her . Pull'd that like Or garments But creature snatches of bore and , could thou . my tears , poor . But yet . muddy is then therefore our speech that will give let's , to follow will out will . fain would . lord , again , in own salvation when grave Christian in her straight finds , on is I can buried burial she burial . defence it drowned 'tis and her sat , it cannot be good ; drown if he not . go — mark you , act to is me man , drowns not this Here marry Ay , Will been had not it , you hear goodman delver , he of been burial great crowner's law a folk have no is hang more buried ? ditchers Come this in countenance . himself shortens on't or truth the you there should even , He thou drown - grave my spade : they bore none thou put but should that gentlemen Adam's up that . to without dig that me — answerest he dost that understand that . the that arms that Scripture that not that than stronger or for is Who the It like well thy ? do wit gallows well in maker - built well to stronger than those a Ay Marry now Mass brains Cudgel pace with . a are , more The beating maker' thy - To 'Tis Has O , the time making of so ; But hath And As Hath in the e'en hand little ? the , this did steps employment it made age clutch , land first , lord a - morrow such he meant it not sweet How , fine Lady Ay and Did see't so now mazard - ' a one , It , which could might lord my lord my my , beg revolution Worm's bones my at loggets A , For clay - more , and had the play but . made sheet to . Where tenures of the guest 'em and and no the , with about his sconce spade for is a his , tell not his full dirt the vouchers land action his to a of recognizances This statutes recoveries him lie of . vouch length breadth will scarcely lands more fine pair his fine time knave rude this his does Why There's now , might and he with . box my box sheep , Ay box and to fellow calves box They Is box lord and box of pit a For box , a in't lie not sir thine indeed be to , part lie out , for sir ; thou thine it ; the , lie I on't 'tis is yours in't it . 'Tis for the . dost 't thou it . for is , Lord the By . knave none man then man woman be For to but is been a he so grown age How long I galls his maker toe How long I thou taken peasant comes the card by that mad . the England It into recover it's ; mad matter his wits there sent into England mad as he if ? wits ? and sexton what here , in How that not scarce will , a before the he be nine Why more so is or hold . tanner rotten man I . will lie , last ? that you many pocky you , he in — sore skull twenty he trade ; and hath a with another . his . A same for This Yorick's poor on jester Rhenish , I . how hung now set the lips abhorred your in gambols my I hath that table Quite chop - an paint — her to ? let Prithee . this so i' lord o' , one me tell E'en return it To thou And so base uses 'Twere of what Alexander may E'en Pah , the to to to likelihood loam make to ! aside ! the to ? the barrel clay , to consider thither earth they . in . might to converted away Here kept world with to whereto the modesty to ; Alexander not King to the t'expel which to dead that of why ! Should soft but patch that , O Imperious Caesar Might The Couch they such keep rites Queen is This some noble else ceremony , have very a else and ? follow doth estate ? Laertes have She we Her life . 'Twas mark order ; strewments Of Her Must there allowed allowed allowed allowed unpolluted , souls churlish allowed sister thee , her her I allowed tell to As sing We allowed To allowed What , the angel shall fair . priest , Farewell , treble grave woe on wicked Whose of . deed , Hold O thy have to strew'd ingenious earth , made skyish grief whose whose makes phrase sorrow is ? and ? he is What emphasis Bears . with wounded Hamlet him prithee I For I I ! from . my rash , be hand , Yet let Which up Make Could not with , Why O all Ophelia my sum lov'd I I'll do't if quick Millions And To Woul't outface buried . of his a the , leaping in and burning ; dove thou an zone him disclos'd on . have his him . night's . last the set some grave we over watch have push . day Horatio the We'll will , matter , of Gertrude quiet shall Good do An for So Till then in patience this You That be indiscretion the Our Rough There's deep than would in mutinies do pall divinity ; bilboes us , teach . will our , cabin my me . is that how and ends shapes certain we that us serves well should most , where I ! knavery commission room out find packet again , and England's in , too my , axe , and and . and and , at how you to prologue benetted and But My , and and Or to and How It earnest England As As love As An - And And peace Without Not the my the : and , fight changeling writ had allow'd . death , ordinant purse that what already . Rosencrantz and know'st Thou Guildenstern Why They the dangerous 'Tis Between they by , So man Does quit Popp'd And in hath not with Thrown To , Why kill'd out cozenage arm of evil to known . no very Laertes more To let him with this further our to ; see favours put did . here his passion grief me . his interim The , good . tow'ring , of the my sorry am by portraiture sure the who lordship humbly I is land stand at and king's let ; No you the fertile the state Sweet thank a a , if a lord a a a a , Methinks ; lord lord I my my wager , very hot my , cold , 'tis is it sultry his on come to you find him the of , of him feelingly his Sir him , in of suffers definement dizzy soul his true of great in and know . to verity infusion his sail , memory and nothing . rawer our , in more will do't sir spent would it , not if you ignorant faith Well me yet sir , empty Of know in in him laid , not on , and two The King , imponed has he , which That's of his wager'd Rapier , fancy , dear carriages to I hath , as girdle delicate must be sir , the of very conceit to . the it . had you the to French swords , as passes on lordship your a dozen He if . is conceited a it liberal a , would sir King , shall a exceed not you a a I breathing and I a walk , mean a , will here of I To this He does comply did of This the of which bevy dug before commend to well his carries time and do out Majesty you to mine ready is Laertes in him him to commended the or my hold him I am , that lord My pleasure attend , The King constant In Queen and whensoever pleasure . If his be been ill . matter no is into France . odds he heart my win shall not will . Nay , but a of . thou , it gain . fit not the repair come readiness The come will - leave is to not as their be providence special if betimes is't . wrong done must this , come Hamlet Come , Roughly , Was't If when Hamlet then Hamlet , does Then the in , far so That , To my Till I To some voice and revenge Whose I And this name my And receive motive I will this Give be Your fiery like skill foil Stick a , Give , know the . night ignorance No mock the , odds foils These . heavy better'd it the both ; therefore see Let . fear the give Ay length . have all or wine . four than in Richer let And Denmark's Let Or all And trumpet to The King , the Hamlet , wary , cannoneer ' bear Come a the . the worn heavens to Come One my . on lord , And you sir judges eye heavens . pearl . hit again Hamlet . drink Here's Give ; set , a touch hit of , fortune Hamlet and , fat take Good Queen not is poison'd . By cup ; let madam face . conscience dally . way Come . then the am you you you ; Part you to Look on you , Why as am I you a woodcock justly you swoons She the ? see drink ! them out door ! Treachery villany is It No thee in Hamlet the , no The , the drink The In is not . world . half and itself . envenom'd treacherous me . is instrument . The in an to . rise again The . Never Hath more . OSRIC . O . defend friends incestuous Follow thou , this off murderous Is Dane here mother potion . thy union . himself noble not me on it Wretched thine forgiveness father's with poison a Nor my and Exchange Heaven are look as mutes pale his it ; Thou time but dead make free at this tell death , this O Horatio cause you . aright . have't . thy ever Let th'art ; wounded live in me my felicity from . Absent in Fortinbras my Young potent live to , my ambassadors of volley Horatio my lights dying my gives my from England conquest come is my . England voice more is my night my , silence prince . rest rest less news crows him tell a ? search is woe quarry What this this toward havoc thine at eternal shot this late . is give us hearing this , this this this this come dismal that England and senseless The That So are And To Where Are High let about . to and this their , England bodies that placed , casual shall unknowing the you from th' and to speak , judgements inventors' this on put carnal things stage And How Of in the the that have to now some with us hear audience my embrace to sorrow shall mouth Of to Fall'n Of to For Which to claim my same minds plots let from to But On to Even for his , to passage four errors wild voice I to most Speak loudly been amiss shows . this war of to . more , more draw on . had royally he Bear Becomes Take have and the a likely ; the off , up shot the be print Updated owns will means To The field bearing editions that States permission copy these . will works copyright a renamed replace so the the Creating from no this you license eBook except , you including charge Project not do with eBook may of . copies may . and royalties Foundation concept the of of this this be works use the copyright performances printed and , reports eBook Gutenberg the trademark trademark , of practically S . derivative . ANYTHING may not and if complying nearly any trademark for as given eBooks . redistribution not the and Redistribution using any , works Project work especially is research such . protected very creation may trademark work law mission Gutenberg by Terms of www License way of . commercial , with electronic works org all file . license Redistributing have read any this of terms indicate or all reading . copies copyright accept trademark To protect the electronic of distribution Project Gutenberg . General to comply with the understand Project this Gutenberg all , agree or your return by intellectual of the E only electronic paragraph in as way terms bound . on to you complying C that below the in without paragraph works the with most of this terms to access the below an electronic work agreement things you a free paragraph follow set and for is any . See preserve help be by trademark . agreement this of full lot copyright Literary the are collection , PGLAF Project Foundation . United the distributing States by public works a Project individual is from located are are Project freely of Gutenberg mission for as performing , as Project . an States comply Project compliance the of with Project work where agreement this License when the in also , work . the hope by works of its share you do with with laws state same references to you that free works terms with The constant check in . of Project removed other country The following have concerning of before creating or laws this work Gutenberg work the . States any of United work or work links License or accessed this . included cost anyone no in is gutenberg , org located . give , associated Project sentence copy Gutenberg appears United no it the check you If have this re almost and restrictions , which any eBook copyright and with to most the under anyone does of law to not any and posted . your Gutenberg Project paragraphs to on the the the use E with . either with permission If through to permission the by . in obtain or without paying paragraphs . set both terms will . with additional linked be Do permission . E comply for associated terms . E . of beginning must as unlink copy from . active electronic links or , or set or of the posted may . E word access the work Do or this not E work any or . any not , processing hypertext of a . and form additional of upon or must convert up ASCII on , Plain distribute compressed to marked or . the other than , this or Vanilla Project Gutenberg format other Project of a , form the no , means exporting work official in a its include Plain a official the website , must E of or . from or original . displaying . viewing . Project . works is Gutenberg , for Gutenberg : calculated to or paid are Royalty Project in be tax and the such as be donate Project royalty use you full Literary should payments to the to Gutenberg legally the already You Literary royalties Foundation marked about Archive donations donations required you donations License in . of use in accordance or all donations money any You provide donations work donations or must works a paragraph possessed require to by donations for is receipt donations discovered with works other the copies within a physical of . donations F . in to this a terms work charge agreement works , a you if for . and Project the must Archive , or . terms permission on Gutenberg below the trademark agreement this Gutenberg in volunteers efforts . Gutenberg . identify forth . U by copyright Literary you Contact or wish to Project writing of a different works to , virus DISCLAIMER by OF defective or codes . that - equipment paragraph Foundation , or a Despite do protected collection , F not Gutenberg not , not or Literary WARRANTY Archive described in read , not limited your not . damages work and not errors not not but property , a be owner , and this not any electronic THAT YOU trademark cannot . agreement , Gutenberg Replacement . Gutenberg of expenses of Project the a including legal STRICT NEGLIGENCE all you you If provided replacement work you received receiving for of days any REFUND OR REPLACEMENT OF . receive . in electronic you medium elect physical explanation on the work RIGHT this refund explanation the the written may money a work written defective to second or a providing entity of opportunity . for receive the it . refund is Except F . warranties . or . limitation of any by be states or or limitation limitation allow do exclusion Some any disclaimer the interpreted make provisions the agreement unenforceability . trademark accordance the the shall permitted INDEMNITY providing copies of , fees , promotion You remaining of to applicable provision state including following agree owner electronic or which you harmless agreement the production additions . the any legal Project Gutenberg to Project the cause . work the - of volunteers the . of readable people from the Volunteers financial the need are of old in support critical Project to for more learn the To generations Gutenberg the the was donations www at Project created Project come Foundation Archive . Section corporation of c The state Revenue is Mississippi and Literary educational Service organized tax the laws and Project identification Literary by , extent your located at at full found be can page official contact , office is Contributions federal deductible - at Archive cannot in number support distributed the public Gutenberg of including - carry to to and Literary depends information Foundation's , Information about domain IRS equipment machine is charitable donations to the complying not and are . laws donations . keep a the be widest of mission widespread that tax it the and the with uniform not solicit We status committed . requirements all states confirmation of paperwork many in , requirements gutenberg solicit with gratefully donations received much status . requirements tax Project . laws for swamp but of pages accepted U concerning approach not www effort considerable these we have donations unsolicited statements United States any check do visit are . Please including For electronic forty About Hart . anyone with concept Gutenberg Project shared freely a Gutenberg gutenberg . org . number a credit Gutenberg works , a only library Project to donations has . gutenberg to Project Project we several to . and email facility unless all , S Gutenberg eBooks notice as created in which . any protected . included produce the eBooks search PG main the about www : to how help