Stand Stand Stand Stand ? Stand Stand Stand Stand . guard night , good stirring . there Friends The , Well Marcellus ! you ? reliev'd - my honest Give , has place Barnardo Horatio ? him us but seen nothing . Welcome Horatio Touching yond When Peace , Where Had In break figure scholar the it with spoke . me be would It What Did In sometimes Together art that thou It By ! will answer ! I stalks . away charge . I own think this Horatio ! more ? fantasy ? than not . and tremble you on't sensible and eyes true . had King : parle angry an on the on when once gone jump strange th'ambitious he frown'd So He stalk , and and the toils such mart impress such of Why nightly shipwrights implements cast that divide I of , observant of labourer land brazen Our , day ? King , esteem'd seal'd compact him valiant Fortinbras which by of Fortinbras and , Hamlet Norway appear'd by most so you on known our the those world life of , in to so Did Which Against the which he Was Had by stood he forfeit King seiz'd carriage vanquisher the of the as inheritance mettle unimproved And To Of , here and , Fortinbras heraldry Norway , it doth in't of of to been our with , For . article by the same lawless to is Now a food in His fell So Of source the this Well think - post of by The Comes armed it is high ere most mote was and it Did A may I it is question watch our the In That no portentous figure the so mind's state fell dews and the in fire Roman squeak almost harbingers to And Was and graves The little the with stars preceding precurse sun trains whose of gibber earth Unto our though , earth heaven As earth soft If I'll earth If thou earth and climatures me or . done be of voice comes it earth . earth , Stay use where grace earth to , to me in speak and , womb the you Stay with it it in spirits oft ! my Marcellus in of walk , which For wrong show of being ! so 'Tis And about was For offer it is our the blows , speak it fearful summons and ; in shrill is his a Upon cock The Awake And It , confine his god with Doth ever the of that . hies or his the throat , morn , warning herein truth of Saviour's that singeth no , nor witch no hath planets night , the is power then all dare stir long , strike ; charm time it , abroad . advice eastward seen life spirit dawning say wholesome so dew watch to shall us for speak it him . to , with tonight hill part clad our this conveniently , him woe us , ourselves our joy eye defeated dropping dirge delight which have we , young dear our our freely have all know of you that a to with state Colleagued He Importing by Lost To Now Thus much ourself for most , this To Of Out , You For Giving To Farewell business We doubt it of Laertes some speak . What offer thou the have instrumental Denmark thou of , return to willingly my lord in confess duty , your I , gracious wishes and my must your I them show now my , He hath lord I give wrung from ; and me hard leave to my last . consent at at and my and much too nighted a friend thy in vailed the that lives eternity to is common , with ; I , solemn forc'd in river the of , shows These man might indeed suits of passeth nature your , lost a the and some to a course unmanly grief to impatient heaven unschool'd is ; and to sense , a who and absurd whose died hath still he , in thing We peevish a fault We We We , ' so unprevailing woe for We let nobility our We you bend you retrograde We most beseech And in We chiefest It We we is and of our our prayers mother with in , Why Be But And , and that speaking King's great No jocund smiling Sits canon that O Thaw too solid resolve this Everlasting 'tis an and rank should so king a — to seed . Possess two Hyperion So me Niobe , With Let God ! but which A what month on't if fed think ; ere followed or yet thy were is a those , of Why roughly poor shoes , body old ! she even she Why my father's woman uncle , of mine my . tongue my to hold you . myself my : you poor do see to my is It break , But am Horatio The lord Marcellus ? with Horatio even — friend name from faith in make what My see A truant make — sir , Wittenberg in I do disposition I I But My prithee came to see my , see my furnish I my father . see day , methinks met my seen had coldly ; my , I I ever My Or father was Horatio him , My an your With The In the Marcellus encounter'd thus Been attent admiration these ! deliver , pie solemn with them fear with This Armed at me , these Barnardo waste and Goes Stand slow Within to and secrecy jelly By Almost as they dreadful before them them each , third they This did fear , to watch time and father your . watch we ; hands where But upon It But answer up the like it motion My Did not the speak , lord My you to to it none I then And very 'Tis live do vanish'd it my think do Arm'd Both , my lord say say say up say face to foot say . lord . my Arm'd say say say O countenance , in more Pale sorrow red ? been there . amaz'd much and might tell . longer I when , BARNARDO a like . life his . tonight walk it watch noble peace . I though will you will Perchance I , hitherto in your shall person my , loves understanding 'twixt your eleven I'll as , duty visit to to you mine your . well twelve . come ! rise were well . sleep benefit give winds the Farewell soul temple nature his favour , as so . perfume In For nature Think crescent more not this waxes doth you loves he will his himself not may For for he As May for greatness The for His He for Carve for for the for and And sanctity Unto for the head therefore fits your and voice his Then is he It give , or it ear your treasure his my dear chaste your . affection desire of enough moon strokes to is infants the beauty and morn before unmask she oft itself the then wary Youth to watchman As I , though this good none lies imminent in But pastors good near else lesson my , brother keep . you sail your , shame for , leave my , double grace . Aboard the thoughts thy in thought no palm unfledg'd but with thy , tongue with . no . memory act Beware , may may : friend may lender the ; with may soul few thy can proclaims may For they And may For may But Take Costly not may each man's censure express'd in habit loses of oft apparel France a itself of self night own edge the dulls , be go take do false blessing borrowing it canst follow as leave my well . keep Farewell my to , hath . you memory key , to it ? the : very been to he time audience your , of , it is As And He Pooh ! You such in believe Marry , Which — a me me . call what dearly think a of for yourself importun'd he , to , of at a Than Be Set something light catch how of making , brokers Ophelia young walk is Hamlet ; rate ; Lord higher a may Believe so And Not not believe that you Have , words so plain which ; their of . terms any or beguile in talk ways leisure moment Hamlet your the come my think , of struck is No I ? I King doth and his upspring draughts and the swaggering of takes What as The triumph he The Is And here , phrase us born than east with perform'd us This to my though , addition achievements The honour'd in - pith So Makes That for They in Soil our their Since From By our clepe As Being I infinite As Nature's in or ; the cannot wherein mole it vicious in chances of some of pales , the corruption scandal comes . dram as may be livery , Or Oft , habit plausive by form The His Doth Be of , of a ! evil us hell . thee to speak I , intents from defend The . fault particular that From Look my grace it , spirit of health charitable from damn'd , thee blasts ! mean steel this ignorance . in wicked or canoniz'd their Wherein That Making night dead thee is It beckons thoughts Wherefore So hideous , Wherefore if Wherefore Wherefore With , Say why Wherefore Wherefore It Wherefore But Wherefore not Wherefore , speak ; Do then No do not go means will by not no my soul do what set my for Why It And What if it to And might draw Or Which That And beetles there The very you Without That deprive into And so hears looks Go shall on You am As — follow Let's fit with I'll follow lets in nerve me . that , thee imagination . him Denmark . the to thus issue after is . of Mark I me . will Whither sulph'rous and , Speak ? wilt My Must hour When me Alas , shall . hear ? spirit father's What to serious I am certain crimes the secrets purg'd a of my Make unfold ; freeze thy up knotted two And Thy each eyes soul like combined stars I am confin'd done day foul and Till And the burnt the away . But that - prison lightest house blood to from stand List O ! best and it murder list porpentine ever eternal this father unnatural wings Revenge foul rots That thee Wouldst 'Tis shouldst thee to thee know't As thee thee O my that but forged thee process of thou thy sting , my Lethe in , than thee thou this in that me abus'd Is serpent thee prophetic stung , Ay prophetic wears prophetic did know father's prophetic life prophetic power , the prophetic beast that prophetic bed celestial prophetic air ; orchard be man ; body of pour , afternoon of in the of hour of , ears a within of thy porches quicksilver and distilment hebenon of instant blood vile of crust it into loathsome of mine about of . of So body a once sin ; unanel'd by , disappointed No reckoning Cut was And a wholesome like a And natural with curd And gates - eager with . bark'd did tetter smooth at of horrible in royal heaven , act to in not A not hast ! but , crown , I off With O Unhous'led even of on my , most sent and this lodge once , contrive ? adieu , a seat adieu her thee bosom adieu leave adieu 'gins worm those glow And , adieu to her . shows adieu heaven adieu uneffectual matin the his me Remember O adieu earth , else heart ; adieu shall pressures records there adieu ! heaven brain , live ; thee fond forms table all from the trivial all alone all observation Yes smiling I set . volume smile may you sworn't , smile may I . HORATIO It , So 'Adieu , there , Lord my . Heaven . MARCELLUS , are Hamlet Now to lord . noble lord , lord bird ? it . lord . my reveal heaven it . my man secret my heart you'll and MARCELLUS of be How right I it , we that so ; more shake circumstance i' all ; at and the all in us my a an . from , part the come part — my . you . lord but , my , Touching is vision tell me us friends , We will MARCELLUS we not . lord sword my . stage so thou Consent the speak this my . Then Swear sword lord . ground my upon gentlemen shift , hither of Swear to Never Hic lay speak hands Beneath ? ubique et Beneath my that again this by ! more Canst . Swear , but day O A worthy mole night heaven and i' good strange . give , this it fast friends so , shall phrase disposition hereafter odd , dreamt are And As I or strange an pronouncing , or speak' know' , 'If As Or grace you Beneath . spirit and aught at your ambiguous such at to such Or by we So know Swear . as friending man . joint on love . go set a his not I poor cursed us me is you , So to go I spite together out and Let your lips notes Nay The still That Before lord visit I shall Marry My who By That they do company your as 'twere particular , him , and of knowledge touch you will his do . some demands father may my distant you lord you more this nearer it his , 'not wild , I so such companions , ' and there put very say ; well that of ; rank slips so none , marry most ? known . this unreclaimed . know would my son , warrant working assur'd ; be consequence 'gentleman' lord my good Of man and phrase to or the And At 'friend was sir , does He then I At , I the to was about . 'gentleman marry the and rouse day ; in's as , well . yourself in , shall I inclination Observe Good his my . music been was I , Alas My as if with shirt a To I , speak down his , Pale upon Ungart'red hat Lord lord And He his did head the doors find his being to me leads the violent is Come Whose bended will fordoes to will the as oft As That What That sorry I not him I hath that To As it discretion to must More did did did More did than that his did Resembles you little did draw did Whether much aught did open'd , to unknown you our to , to to not , to to , receive profit and to he whom To a such with and to our of there talk'd . more in . We Than up give obey entreaty freely . at both ourselves commanded bent . majesties king's . by your lay To , and you instantly Rosencrantz Guildenstern and be gentle service . To gentle . presence and Go some Hamlet where son gentlemen our make changed Thanks too My And much And beseech and helpful these I And Thanks Pleasant And Th'ambassadors Have Assure my , to cause very hath it As Both hold , Assure , and — that Assure policy this you father the Assure been us'd the God Assure I that them th'ambassadors bring Assure ; great hath Assure Assure fruit in that son's it death fruit father's fruit sweet and , to fruit to fruit fruit me tells and fruit my what good friends from he first fruit Say Upon our fruit But was His Most fair , him . the 'gainst ; greetings return Welcome , old give Gives To Whereon his commission crowns in arms which before Norway never in and ; from rebuke Receives So levied as And With before overcome with joy , give against to him three it Through On That entreaty further pass quiet down please dominions your might of well ; safety set read expostulate well we'll your night home . welcome thank your , upon for , rest at Go be I the soul time . mad art to ; What is't Why What Were is day but the call Mad it brief will That But Mad Thus is mad 'tis 'tis , out , effect remains in a , the comes this now . is , Perpend . thus she mark , cause effect by of And remains a . most — is 'beautified' beautified the awhile Came Good , But Thine evermore I love ill at dear most that Doubt I , they more by given As of prove But this so seen perceiv'd me , tell what queen must faithful do you What how hath I As Before Or If winking would When I Or my my winking daughter had winking dear Hamlet not is young winking think had winking winking This Which And Thence Into winking Fell the lightness a to winking Thence to he no fruits short into into and , then a tale of no the took , now for ? likely I'd know very wherein thence madness we , he wail that ' so said prov'd from this if I that is this may So my an fall'n love arras her thereon state . reading leave away . mercy lord You , world thousand . is picked lord my goes this That's breed , as very Have . Conception have conceive daughter i' sun may you first I'll speak ; said Words is Between matter the I I . Still suffered . youth Aside — words , matter wrinkled For sir . their gum hams yet believe , weak hold not honesty . there yet , my method is the , backward of out walk be madness this should old have , am air Aside prosperously happiness A so Indeed Will you o' take my Fare you contrive suddenly withal You sir except to the that take . my him and anything part . God ! you save On her Nor cap happy very her the true . middle . Let ? dungeons one many confines world th' o' not you goodly one there being To think to To none We 'tis To To then To , God To Which To To , dreams infinite Truly Then are shadows sort friendship , GUILDENSTERN . For , my by . reason rest most ; the I am make other but in my man , lord no thank you . you Were nay , say You were looks , King end , What or Guildenstern for and by direct and But of be consonancy love , then , tell why to wherefore but I will , exercises excellent Nay and you the the this other the My lord though laugh did you , no you you coted you I such you you there you , you shall you my , players He of the the profit chances Do they I same inhibition their think How it they was their endeavour hold children , of tyrannically in comes keeps little clapped , but These call them — there out eyases - they they common the it should grow their was a while , money nation the holds in no ; sides went been Is't question possible , Do there O , Ay make would is not ; they do , that mouths , fifty there is something you welcome lest is , But outward , are should extent more uncle appear my , wind When dear entertainment , hands Your . aunt , from you too Monday a have , lord I news have actors Buzz best the came come Upon each for my , actor either historical pastoral - These what a nor , ' well more I . that Nay follows , then What my not , Jephthah I i' . Still on old have right , a Jephthah daughter follows not my , will my It As pass to , then by God Why you and , pious chanson comes me ! in all abridgement me am Thy to Pray Denmark ? heaven me ring God fly , your me a us . to What glad me face me my voice , since I , me young like me , when , you taste anything , if million others as make indite , as wholesome to , it the , of in it , see , your , it live me see . and speech let in — foot he , he Pyrrhus he , fire , coagulate a wrath he with Roasted in , the he grandsire gore Pyrrhus he seeks Priam Old thus he , o'ersized he carbuncles proceed you parching and light streets and tyrannous and good sword it strikes senseless fell of rage where wide sword , Ilium top flaming hideous , with his milky lo a th'air , tyrant painted to his seem'd nothing Did see declining ear falls blow and . Pyrrhus' to to base was prisoner Priam , as as , neutral Which a silence speechless the against , often , sets did vengeance never region him Cyclops' for on bleeding hammers . proof Fortune ! her from fellies the away hill the fiends . long Prithee — of tale bawdry beard or . a with is to too your barber's for a to That's jig Say the It shall He's or come to barefoot late Where Fortune's the she with About , this diadem in her the blanket A 'Gainst Who lank th'alarm state themselves , and fear treason caught in o'erteemed of all seen had if But made not Unless he have see well used My , they death for the you thee players you well will lord After , man , 'scape bodikin whipping should deserve , the friends , Come , sirs play play a The lord . We'll Murder insert study tomorrow of not you leave I'll . him am . for suiting conceit , Hecuba to he all ? conceit , and , his And passion with for would or him to weep the He ? have Had he would the mad Confound faculties - a the cleave the very John Like And With this ! Tweaks Plucks off calls gives - the nose me No not dear I my i' me does the it my pate ? across face ? th' ? cannot gall ! villain , is father murder'd hell most and with heart drab a the , very have play ! Foh scene heard presently that . will ; of these seen hath have , that If yea devil spirit , like miraculous something to the though have the guilty For Play most They struck so T'assume know , quick and . perhaps spirits such have play's of . and , thing , grounds King , quiet confusion circumstance this days puts by can turbulent feels from what we Nor you drift why he lunacy . speak dangerous all on his means , he he by confess find cause with a will himself to be no aloof keeps to . him are him about , a kind , order before Of out way in . free Did , raught fell that reply our demands , the it heart all my With Good And Sweet And true ; me . content . inclin'd it further a so him ; and , hear him for Affront 'twere Ophelia myself encounter ourselves , as , lawful accident , by leave Her That he father we bestow be gather That And That Of Hamlet's Will Madam . so Read on , Gracious Ophelia this colour , it may , in may o'er blame visage please to do . we devil 'tis devotion's art my with thing painted helps most the my burden beautied action , that himself too doth to of prov'd are conscience ! with true sugar The be in sea of fortune suffer : end , we consummation . sleep say shocks , respect long and proud there's coil , bear , whose after a fardels and of office of merit himself patient he With That his these life dread the grunt When a and country traveller , those hue pale the thus o'er enterprises of of ! sins remember'd in Soft currents . of turn many this lord day a , I That lord thank humbly I I have to No never My As the these My , longed not , gave I long now - deliver them receive . well you unkind perfume ! There wax them words of so ; my , Are What ha lord honest you Are fair your , beauty ? honesty your to lord for , your have to truly , Ay my a proof bawd than the beauty commerce force paradox me relish more . of I was sometime power of it my I was deceived breeder me beck could a accuse give as at borne not wouldst the but nunnery them , honest . had offences do crawling ? of father . between . your none lord he that my Farewell may . house play upon If thou as I'll help chaste ice , O pure : men nunnery ; well as you . nunnery , snow this be in's him thee and what Or , a fool you lisp face for nunnery no more God's nickname and Go have no ; will . shall to live , courtier's , scholar's mind noble keep on't creatures , restore God . powers heavenly jig You . paintings , heard have rest shall rose and fashion of and observers honey noble the ladies all of , the and sovereign tune most and jangled what His he what Was sweet unmatch'd with Blasted like madness , spake have not it something prevent with shall quick melancholy seen lack'd in his tend , that little , England : to heart his shall think yet of What puts you believe , after , all her his alone plac'd grief you his , My lord entreat said Ophelia on't , the him you round fit love . do The It fashion of ? please him , not him find shall be shall so send ones must unwatch'd think , ear in , or she him not . confine best Madness , as it mouth you crier I may say all many your players in of do it pronounced whirlwind gently , spoke you , and beget Be , too observance you , whose of own honour action , mirror own , hold scorn his her feature to purpose not of , the let warrant that from own the the and it form the o'erstep to action tame word . be discretion the unskilful and the that of , Nature's , grieve , time , virtue the show overdone and of tardy , seen play Christian , to off , judicious I it , set down on some meantime , For indifferently have accent of , there , O . others having , praise , with be barren , shows and question make most play pitiful then no us so spectators them speak laugh . presently that to clowns a you ready ambition will be Go it the villainous , haste , and players will ROSENCRANTZ you lord GUILDENSTERN . as just e'en art Here thou sweet What my my ! man , poor hope I no , what advancement And clothe let , the the pregnant , thee O from I hinges . follow for herself men distinguish fawning tongue Why may thou her and blessed thanks all judgement they To sound That my There is do As In One core , scene a play thee heart's and stop what is Which I It As mine stithy mine not damned will , Well my my with the very If are . will censure after I Even a ghost unkennel uncle imaginations his seeming to And For If eyes Vulcan's he 'scape to Enter fares the cousin our How cannot chameleon's : I not . the capons ; crammed this of Hamlet ? eat mine , dish , once i' play'd good are the killed . Brutus kill'd th' Capitol enact and ? was ? Be . calf there . lap do I Lady I , O . shall No , mean Ay my , you think I my my That's thought What , I think is Who Ay , and a looks hours . my , my died but father wear or , horse , churches devil months , jig how cheerfully sables there's hope with a King , on by'r long then , twice a have forgotten half ! him down upon takes and he bank a a makes in O But Then ? else ago ; may build hobby let memory ; leaves her and , kneels She his crown Poisoner with gifts seems She the body dead The end to Queen seeing head pours the loth lord ? mischief love this What this the my mallecho argument imports this show miching by . and means ; players this I'll show naught shame you him us you what are what what You or what 'Tis brief what , posy ? my what . lord love what what cart Phoebus' with borrow'd twelve thirties Tellus' gone orbed ground , are you , count journeys many But Since love hearts our Full thirty And About So Unite woe I distrust from is us far women's For Discomfort again you Now Where And what is , great great , to do shortly there . know is made extremity quantity must , state I you fear , are grows too fair thou shalt their powers shalt belov'd , For one as breast . wormwood move marriage of , love , dead . break we first none husband what to do Of but oft you in memory unripe is do you husband of The Are A second determine , speak thrift think my kill violent now Grief This That For Whether even For The And So thou ours our great our , you , with thy , wills Our And Our To anchor's desperation and still are overthrown our where end their do so no lord , light husband wed of heaven is second when me lock thoughts die to earth Sport Nor what here , Both My heard , Is offence in't ? play in word too she'll but , Mousetrap done The majesty a jade gall'd one . chorus love keen , my You you lord groaning a you between and your It and husbands the , season Come , hands Confederate rank apt , magic of drugs no midnight else croaking murderer thy damnable . revenge collected , fit creature , immediately Gonzago shall see anon love love love love love . All , Give love love love Give light the o'er Lights lights , let The must So this not shoes me sir runs me , feathers , players of , reigns was now pajock . very , realm himself very A Jove and here . rhymed . pound ? my lord note the of well , some did Come the belike Come he king like Come him , with distempered choler to richer the him plunge would , signify . with this affair into discourse into choler purgation to start me hath , to my , tame you You , Queen Good , wildly not so it the . affliction pronounce . spirit end of my sir such my you , say , you say struck My mother her lord My but she can that wonderful thus this of ? go bed sequel you to there and amazement no Have you mother closet . lack your deny still what own lord door my upon so were once your . love pickers griefs advancement King — grows To if . you — bold too drive me you with my too that understand lord O My wind the the ? Denmark voice withdraw love . I as breath your govern these give easy eloquent these But to music it as , thumb 'Tis cannot and played you look me my My God compass , you the Do on pipe cannot me what play me . sir you you bless would 'tis it , almost in a like and I come to my . Methinks mass is weasel . me top . out , hot day to the nature not ; bosom firm unnatural use hypocrites . consent , in us in , in safe in he in To in How And in in The Hazard keep That With and religious those peculiar ; armour weal depend and but cease and 'noyance of ; many strength the To lives on whose the boist'rous annexment and you For us free upon ; mother's his lord Are Did . arras this Never alone groan . meet as you that Since speech 'Tis process said some makes nature haste going and audience she'll tax said a myself . I'll he's . ere warrant to , the Behind I'll of call upon And you you , should o'erhear , lord heaven to — mercy ? serves , fall to come Then O ? visage ? in this cursed bound , will as can Pray ! be in stand And inclination guilt a And Were And true his is the nature seen currents corrupted out oft gilded Offence's Buys Even There law the no teeth evidence . and one . What then forehead What can , that angels Make be ! struggling bosom strings steel . babe - with , to goes he so it reveng'd . pat . now be heaven is . revenge send , not villain bread , of as , black stays sickly King advances . go heaven never . and . home you Look to rises prolongs . My mother . below my up The words without Words My lay been . pranks have Grace be round screen'd . coming , not mother me . him what's thy , hast my Mother , Now , Hamlet , Go , Come go , you , come you you Why What's No are , And would then sit set those I'll , you wilt What . A a ? King ! is deed bloody know rash I , me Behind Dead for O A what Nay . I Leave To Thou And If let wringing What That it is proof blurs the fair forehead the body and of rhapsody roars thought - visage Is so With The loud me against That here what Hyperion's eye An To New lighted A your husband husband wholesome call this it the have judgement motion judgement Sense and judgement such in reserv'd judgement hath without thus That judgement Eyes judgement judgement judgement And When To Since Thou And turn'st Hamlet speak And O I As speak speak speak speak speak speak speak A A No like more words not lord is murderer vice the , lets go purpose blunted visitation mother , you with eye on , vacancy air your do soldiers like the as , Forth with Your Start up . your end and patience On , him heat the bedded the hairs at And and His form make them with effects colour Sprinkle Lest cause . piteous tears blood do ? son gentle O Whereon . flame ! capable Upon Will To want stern ; Then nothing speak you do see this ? all No look father My This the goes , in even very is This bodiless brain your ecstasy in . time the at . madness madness grace ; word for will . Ecstasy cunning of coinage as And My And I gambol Lay not your but Repent It in from not corruption madness speaks , pardon these Forgive of avoid vice curb itself for avoid do avoid him twain . avoid . avoid , avoid avoid avoid doth eat . bed half pursy with , with not this with , good with with with , lord with with , same For , the The . again minister . this kind . good worse him this hath pleas'd and well . be remains lady do ? that I bid : do you call , King your means by be must One begins , I , their and will mouse shall for cheek you of you to bed , fair a from paddock queen this tempt bloat again in bat Who ? of house's sense the do , breathe on know , made be have said England life breath thou Be To And assur'd And But For And They — go their , crafts set the man line moon 'tis mines . meet and , secret guts own one will the in was still good into foolish night , night O directly this life , at delve , I shall Who You Mad out Whips rapier , and good Ah Gertrude wind In , the lord contend when lawless a kills rat , ' we threats , bloody to , restrain'd so much ! had , deed there everyone providence . all of love , haunt our he it disease feed gone deed . our up you pray I we'll both so what , know , them Whose As his level closet fair hath Polonius he , the haste in the wisest mean we the untimely Gertrude what's the soul is hit Transports the the of the the ROSENCRANTZ and Within us Tell keep can a Ay , authorities , like . them swallowed you : an ; Take — sir last squeezing corner corner sponge corner corner corner corner I it must you I corner glad am corner , tell . A where is a to seek him strong distracted their judgement the multitude law find man , sudden reliev'd desperate . away must all smooth scourge seem grown . At Hamlet ! Bring in before to ? pleasure Polonius ? of dishes maggots . of . diet convocation . for . and , ourselves . two — end the . Polonius . Where thou of mean by this find , safety dearly we as , deed Therefore — thine and For , quickness ready tend Hamlet that For see mother flesh My if knew'st , But , thou . come ; mother man for , and mother wife mother England mother one ; mother hence you effect mother that to . sword — mother thou mayst and looks raw thy and mother at give full imports which , us Danish love , conjuring , promis'd his from that by license Craves Over Go , Captain cure , joys Till I were my me my greet me a the Danish king the You Majesty the his that We If shall And will sir They , some sir it against Goes pay We hath in it five yield it to Truly go five ranker , rate Yes thousand is and sold to Norway be , peace to without , to no debate th'imposthume breaks to , thank you sir to . to to before ? little Go against , lord , shows humbly sir do feed capability after and gave us be not no time me . market and us precisely on craven godlike oblivion parts , he that made and in chief spur To Sure have I fust live ever which Why And Sith yet That before thought will . unus'd Of will A will will To do't cause , and will this mass and and mortal will tender ambition is , at for that Makes will delicate a When honour's greatly fortune eggshell to an not the kill'd reason , like try , and enough from cause fight this nothing worth , continent the plot forth . importunate not To their the ? bloody slain be Which numbers is tomb not O or be . her is , distract . thoughts thought yield gestures be , strew . minds breeding . nature is some true guilt , spilt ? Majesty Ophelia I true love and shoon know one And Alas Say sweet , imports . hat song , lady . the you , stone — Ophelia my , his At his He a grass . go snow , table at . baker's was true all Larded with love the to bewept we what And let's , dupp'd the chamber door , daughter a her we may be . but father upon Conceit this this you Valentine's rose he in And maid Never the without Gis and an , By and will do't Alack Quoth she men Cock You By I So promis'd me come done not , before hadst How hath , make , to't . Charity ; choose night brother , good Come coach night . you counsel My shall I But ? bed , sun , people most single not her he O they , Gertrude grief ; it , violent whispers author ; spies the muddied but from come containing are ; and thoughts poison of deep , greenly slain mere all these judgement Ophelia beasts Poor beggar'd infect person matter to many , arraign his pictures keeps is wants necessity ear a superfluous piece , clouds , France in father's , Gertrude in places , this , death dear stick my more of my , haste lord in The . Where , 'Laertes hands They The forgot were world , and Laertes applaud , they cry the king ! clouds ' to it , counter cheerfully this king Laertes of be be on doors dogs Danish false . you I are all without . Sirs The is this — let's we me give , will the door me Keep my Give , good Calmly that's my blood to the the divinity such , looks Gertrude That What go That of little There's thy rebellion treason can Speak his . to king would me , go it , doth doth doth — doth : doth Gertrude , doth doth doth not I'll , to profoundest pit blackest with . devil ! stay will for And , the in writ is't , Good death dear sweepstake If Of your but then rendering speak death father's gentleman in your and guiltless I That Like sensibly of for it judgement you child day It . be paid O shall kind as is't possible old maid's man's salt Tears rose life ! hey nonny — the , ' master's . nonny nonny him it loves persuade - a bier ! could not dove a , stole his that a him steward . love There's thoughts daughter more than And fitted ; you here's . would . They give for and remembrance Sundays I . o' made you he . joy itself is come not to all of And God He His will again is - snow . gone poll as . b' , soul his on , souls Christian see must right . deny , Laertes you If us they They crown Our Be jointly lend labour due so his be this death sword rite , of Let trophy noble heard , as to I nor formal bones — ostentation question . great heaven from with you let is where th'offence I pray What , sir them Let . not do be know Sailors greeted from Lord part letters not in . be , you have as to 'Horatio the means sea . old some days th'ambassador ; thee sir . a for to know this appointment a am , to they I have They instant gave compelled were got us dealt ; death . have will are prisoner letters King thou of . what knew they But much and the thee dumb wouldst the their became thou , warlike . the put have we sail These to will the haste King letters fly yet their thine that speedier you , acquittance , friend with a heart me letters , me . tell these in feats things nature , father noble life , else mother , unsinew'd his soul which either be ; strong two perhaps looks are , to moves by great to I That She's virtue me plague public dipping his Would Who And And Would , like I have not have so sister A worth Whose Convert Too slightly perfections challenger , if praises go back , age again , and must flat You will think — Hamlet . lord , this my Majesty to brought ; I them . not I ? hand 'Naked says come , to , me o'errule . he that , fall breathe will If device means If him be If if call mother death If shall no you If might It If talk'd in been have And If If Did be You be My be rather be be be be Yet be I've And Importing health was , and settled light too for , riband careless sables and Two grew against this his , thought horse - brought doing incorps'd So far . and ? was't A Upon know gem And He of . same brooch all well him I art For If If one That cried And made swore you And could neither them could Sir you Sir most Sir 'twould he Sir ask you this Sir his of report Sir him , with beg . play do of Sir out Sir , sorrow of heart father love , changes , 'would' many ; accidents : sigh do would we That . we 'should' . back More your To To there That hurts Hamlet Hamlet no , shall those a Frenchman The your generous , foils shuffling little the and from all being fame practice of , bring you gave not Or peruse Most And And set return'd free Will Will free free free free So free Where the is this contagion free from can withal free a of unction no blood but an draws Under that It to Let's May look both if , scratch'd be death . I'll . this and means point , death virtue touch him slightly from my , project performance me , end , dry , prepar'd sipping stuck there . but ? Laertes heel , venom'd may purpose Our Drown'd they follow . is So One fast woe upon another's Your his , that like one , Or Till , Drown'd , Unto her own distress , could it long heavy from ? muddy Alas of water drink melodious is , hast then drown'd , gone are these to it again ! her defence own . crowner ? point hath three here For wittingly , argues do an ; nill drown and his will him guilty of to not man , go shortens , he that own his Argal . But life . law this not come water ? is quest , is't crowner's not law should gentlewoman burial . folk great than have but up hold arms bore none . understand thou dost How he had not without . either than the maker - well well in is do well to me tell , Who builds Marry cannot for . tell will , mend say , sings . my , liquor of love I when it Methought youth In of - in little employment easiness of . once sing never had I in 'Tis it my might one good such Or - trick mazard , with . loggets , Mine such a Mine Mine O these bones ? Mine 'em and pit Mine a For a For A at Mine pickaxe Mine clay for meet Mine skull to double his vouchers of his the than , land vouchers recovery himself and made not , assurance fellow calves . seek of sheep grave's . in't will , out . this ? the mine me again . you . she's in't , be We rest that that of How day o'ercame been courtier a grave so picked speak the kibe that very the England It , and he , marry , Every fool that , mad he you tell was it's he why — shall there ? Why seen Very How with e'en losing ground been lie i' he years I . will a not the . before laying in , another , last you ; will last year ; keep whoreson ; your will ; do ? was ; of poor and at . rises fellow his it borne me on see . imagination kiss'd songs your Where roar ? Where Where you this to get Where , Where Where ? Where Not to Dost thou . so so ! Pah stopping follow him . dust to barrel died ; of Alexander modesty was Alexander is was turn'd kept the wind the the which wall ! soft dead the thus to ; into why , a stop Caesar hole aside following The corse patch Should , The such courtiers . Queen ! Here This 'Twas mark awhile . desperate loam - they it Couch And soft but with . follow own we noble far else . have warranties , very death . and ? ceremony else lodg'd unsanctified Her ceremony What obsequies is should profane No there Must bell done the rest her dead flesh of such parted th'earth . be . burial violets May spring And from . her her priest , to Ophelia . Farewell to fair to to , to to of and to , he ? hearers the Hamlet wounded wand'ring - wonder with him . from my well . and thy The pray'st Thou Grappling Yet take have I I Conjures Which let though thy am . asunder them Hamlet Gentlemen . All ! Good my eyelids will fear Hamlet , Until I sum , my son will no brothers for not Why , What is , forty thou my O Be buried ? love Make Nay thou'lt forbear me work ? crocodile a with me outface I'll zone burning . wart , on , disclos'd the the sit as will are drooping you that But himself ever reason do good thee pray cat patience put Gertrude An We'll Good mew I The , matter set the quiet . sir , remember do for , shall in grave in last watch a living the have to shortly some we shall our let me see Now the circumstance all my it , a fighting I lay bilboes kind know us . teach us . ends should well let the serves shapes how about them in had , most Up scarf'd me desire we , fine unseal , my withdrew so making , off proceed it I . leisure round me read hear I benetted begun , My commission Is't possible struck be should , down my at , King learning write a I A effect to , with prologue , what good conjuration like the his still her their flourish , amities wear garland charge , less or of , the debatement the Without more sudden 'tween , death contents these day safely : next . the plac'd , to . seal other . sequent . be from England . there 'One' , me put his favours see did . passion court grief who , Peace is No gracious , my a ; a be lord ; beast possession at from diligence of for . lordship your thank , indifferent is cold me 'tis very I believe it It Methinks me ; lord my lord me his on your me me me come excellent to me speak me shall find me him the continent he of is what card an society in th'arithmetic sail great . of of true most trace do breath trace in another trace really . tongue trace trace trace do't trace are spent words this trace of already empty ; His did I know You confess but not his man ; What's That's imponed as , has assigns , are , faith I you knew carriages very edified german more would against is this , King not exceed , our The The the would . the Barbary the I the it the sir the shall liberal the three you immediate trial answer your . person in trial win him for odd his please foils will my Let hall his in the . me nothing Shall I with effect does this duty to flourish will . there . Yours commend it he outward with them but his bevy which carries time that and do Majesty you attend play in commended him him with my , I fitness speaks him hold am constant and , purposes ready to use fall to you some well before She will You . win shall so Since here think Nay it but dislike ; say obey a trouble a perhaps , to a come come what this to done I you pardon't to as ; to is't The hand from to wrong to to . madness exception to , denies it . evil , Hamlet , His His nature shot in a His not himself does If't His , Never Laertes His honour His so most of terms His my my hurt satisfied my your this in His ungor'd your name my I Till To in His I motive my will and precedent . like offer'd a this am I by revenge masters voice stand To I have do will Your be skill Come foil shall receive us I this And Give You me by the foils for Laertes star fiery like your mock foils the . young sir darkest ; mine hand wager know , Cousin side o' the , Hamlet , the ? lord odds , Very the fear But the Let too well , we is since the he well my , the is it the likes Ay me Or the better'd I stoups King in the answer the first wine the shall he fire third ordnance better ; battlements the shall to , cups , a eye to without trumpet successive me kings ; speak four union Hamlet's their of an kettle . the to drinks to let Denmark's cannons the And King trumpet have , cannoneer heavens Hamlet , sir , lord Come . Come , A , the awhile by set it confess say . cup this I shall do A touch , rub Hamlet Here bout hit my to I'll first ; fortune napkin scant win a son , fat and of , touch , carouses The madam . by madam , lord Gertrude let wipe By face . late me . drink you conscience not 'tis my and the poison'd cup is It . Have I Come you so ? Say , at Hamlet wounds they them ! scuffling are Laertes They ; in Nay come , own to does kill'd see . my poison'd Hamlet ; life good slain . blame to . lie Dane . mother here . am treason ! friends , I murderous Is , upon thee , thee follow this could dead , tell you cause am , wounded name , live Heaven thy in awhile . breath this ? from come England gives . my crows from lights dying voice more and is silence , thy to hither ? sight wonder , would in cease O . in thine in princes at eternal in a proud in struck in dismal ; in too in give are his thanks his his , thank his death his his from question his these bloody bodies you that to shall So unnatural yet be carnal Of , on in Of Of And deaths accidental the us haste noblest I memory have whose shall claim to my this minds are and Let soldier had passage , more happen , presently on speak draw , captains war of and . rites sight shows soldiers Such and for royally he been the to and and ; and the music . and soldiers' and and amiss peal and . of renamed . renamed by renamed the copying PROJECT distributing renamed GUTENBERG by anything renamed use for renamed creation renamed Project . charge royalties renamed paying including , for and performances Redistribution commercial , of promoting phrase the . to trademark Project Full work Gutenberg , property return abide Gutenberg , of this have license read , works Use using electronic and any available gutenberg . www General . electronic the , of this the fee registered with most a lot terms Project agreement . It electronic an things of the you of can below access follow you this agreement There . do works See with this Project Foundation in the United the individual , not long we , law hope as agreement You when the govern States United of , any in in Gutenberg License to , in or in no makes in . any States in the , in in in most online the and States no check laws the work . does is in not eBook . Gutenberg work E . E . use Project . must Project you phrase you comply posted any distribution is Gutenberg holder . and E . Project paragraphs the . copyright . paragraphs imposed by of permission the with E License E . active . to Gutenberg access not work . or compressed E displaying links electronic prominently . to processing convert may copies ASCII or a Vanilla org , user other any word . the full . performing Project unless . pay use of distributing paragraph reasonable E fee Project . distributing or with may or royalty of calculate Project fee to Foundation each following Archive Literary days legally access copying , you E of donate , Section in refund Information Literary clearly of of return physical medium and s user a . Foundation within money require and of all copies use of . in License a writing does the for , provide money any You or You not accordance agree full works by the with receipt a . replacement copy the F works access all the is with work the the or and the charge wish or group of works the fee you to or different the permission than the as proofread considerable the Foundation set , copyright they may , copyright that damaged DAMAGES F or damage disk or Right Project all legal , including expenses , agreement , party the , other . of distributing a , Project , for the , the Project , If , discover you REMEDIES NO REPLACEMENT if electronic RIGHT within of NEGLIGENCE disclaim , REFUND - OR days you work received OF you , The return . by it , sending you medium you If the in refund set refund a a problem disclaimers certain forth in this types allow not disclaimer of permitted states or . F agreement . F . this Some without the the be or . damages . the applicable to make this maximum . to the state shall the . the or do Gutenberg Project Gutenberg any Project work of the Gutenberg readable efforts of walks , in all of middle - aged Project and modification a , distribution indirectly , you about formats Defect the is electronic and Literary generations Gutenberg Archive and Sections Gutenberg Literary for generations Project to critical to reaching volunteers about of to the Gutenberg at is exempt under about Project tax Foundation's corporation granted EIN about learn freely about . the and Information Section about permanent future how Foundation about and the to is at contact about located and . Donations Information NJ Montclair S , U The to Section . page at www found extent laws org to gutenberg the form carry to and cannot licensed outdated - public upon Literary donations domain about USA business tax are - Archive depends the works mission without its the widest by the takes and meet fees a laws Many accessible survive maintaining the it United regulating in to solicit many compliance not for uniform written donations from requirements offers but in donors , donations with gratefully concerning met not accepting we or While solicitation www We paperwork much , requirements . received have these treatment International statements check treatment and Gutenberg treatment Project concept freely treatment shared distributed treatment treatment editions , unless treatment Project all a which of Gutenberg Professor keep eBooks in our www : facility website to how email donations information . start how , to our are copyright confirmed compliance which . is any website help make at includes to produce to newsletter to our the hear