, Long live ? Barnardo the . cold Francisco . to Get most carefully thee . thanks I And a had Have at heart . haste , you reliev'd . good ! Holla , piece . Welcome of again Horatio not our . twice apparition to it . him of come us . appear , eyes our minutes and , awhile fortified have our assail again Sit us are Barnardo , night all down your ears . story , heaven sit made now Peace Where yond Had off The break figure same a scholar then westward one — it burns t'illume Looks King where that's it spoke harrows warlike night . Mark fear , and me would march It heaven of usurp'st Horatio to . this offended , Together that . charge fair and gone 'Tis ! speak ! Without my not How ! Horatio I might avouch . eyes and more you think tremble ! will not answer than on't ! true ? fantasy sensible ! not angry ice and stalk before the Thus jump gone thought to know not work , gross strange twice in Why And toils foreign impress nightly the tell and mart for daily of divide the night toward not make is't be the Does such And At What now Good brazen war cannon sore week ? last us Norway the haste . sweaty the this I Our to our known which in competent conqueror lands compact , Fortinbras , of ratified Well stood the Hamlet of he Was Had fell For the And , with Did As So His Shark'd hath it And Is the this post this may think be no watch compulsatory of appear to a up by I it it and our motive recover father - through is the our main to The In the and the and of sheeted the blood , moist the doomsday fates events fierce stands Roman of to of Unto stood the tenantless trains gibber fire fell Rome eclipse , Neptune's influence And But earth may to earth privy Speak be That earth If earth hast foreknowing , earth sound blast me where , thing . illusion ! earth to country's to O in , you spirits of ! Marcellus walk earth and speak oft uphoarded may avoid death in ! it if it stand not here will to vain the wrong , majestical , crew . thing throat morn the to I , speak started summons and spirit or , heard earth . herein . comes cock , stir abroad the erring crowing of season probation made present . say our Saviour's wholesome so nor they takes , are say fairy No , So o'er look heard the dew we the , in russet in is the eastward advice mantle seen my life tonight , clad believe , strike charm , it to my part power planets long night dare no hath witch hallow'd I our Hamlet and this morning Voltemand and our dear us our it brother's . green of yet To Yet be Together with contracted grief and one discretion remembrance of , sorrow sister this to with with him , death befitted ; in dirge and joy state our on and far That with think warlike auspicious scale queen dropping dole barr'd , brother's with of of disjoint to surrender with . bonds him law worth dear thinking Or With this follows Holding Our by his Colleagued He hath , that late death frame of our to not father brother all , for much those : hears Voltemand , Norway power scope personal King dilated , we proportions in rid - the your show heartily of You some , nothing things your CORNELIUS these with to no the Giving bearers business , and ; You lose is The That And Than head voice cannot us your is speak What my thou Dane , thy mouth heart thy not , to to native offer instrumental more more not the the to have to in must to and thoughts And you He By I Upon thy And Aside Not so , that than my more Do thy common thine , not let my Good thy for Seek Ay thy thy thy thy ! Nay not windy thy 'Tis seems it so If thy , For To and these must But lost commendable for father your lost obligation sorrow . But , to your , might shows suits some term a 'Tis to is unmanly survivor a impatient is as ; to mind a opposition to , theme died that the the death Is For fault You with This a be must As that going you to , For our bend and cheer of comfort to which In we most retrograde in Wittenberg : desire remain our our son . Hamlet eye you not Hamlet , Madam a with us my loving in 'tis ourself as Be smiling Denmark accord of whereof tell . Come . cannon King's the But Re the Sits - This in shall too And two grows merely seed ! on't it to That So dead a not beteem to stale the ; months Oh fie rank should not ; nay That face Visit what it on't , had on ! heaven hang she roughly Why too yet those my poor name were , she Why body even reason woman old she , uncle father my , within thy grown — month a , shoes father's is of discourse wants with more like , tears eyes unrighteous flushing Had It is such , same to to Hail your , not left the dexterity cannot come sheets galled , to , speed well ever friend ! for see my servant Marcellus from , your glad , or I do Horatio am And And The poor you you in I'll change Sir make with sir : Horatio from my you — disposition , Good make good see ? lord My faith To But , yourself We'll My I Against I it prithee lord Indeed my was to see my Elsinore ; report truant . depart father's - fellow hard upon wedding funeral . funeral that lord meats . my ? eye he a take him think I saw him upon was once a shall not my father King his like all for look . father a you to me let God's Two exactly . figure - solemn march pie , love together and middle like with - to they act whilst ; fear them A impart night kept the the dreadful , their and , jelly with This . your more upon the watch . we where speak not comes . where this like true father . speak did and it address once haste . it platform to none head crew in would yet , away cock duty vanish'd 'Tis very And live I , think you and , MARCELLUS . tonight To , in lord my , What countenance , more A very pale red . Most I It I constantly would you . fix'd very have much It While His was it me be have hold assume you it walk . tonight again ; my it warrant , my conceal'd your loves 'twixt eleven but shall understanding , silence pray . person will . should tongue . gape , your as , Our loves Your still sit then duty . So well fare I'll platform an the visit your to you is not , benefit winds hear assistant , are as me ; blood of that from his primy a the a favour . Farewell . sleep give the is let convoy you in nature not minute ; toy of , alone . of and permanent a Hold thews more Think withal no weigh'd may He greatness he therefore must and sanctity the The Carve The The of for as ; not for voice your Unto for fits himself for His and yielding if circumscrib'd for depends no withal sustain ; sister for songs , desire for open dear affection may : the , this my to watchman Be wary to Youth And oft 'scapes not infants of fear . brother treads ; most be liquid disclos'd youth in safety buttons blastments , none good pastors good do way me my . grace upon Aboard A Occasion sits for , aboard , a is here But , long . blessing ? Laertes his shoulder my thy tongue no his no thought thoughts Give precepts There the . these And thou Nor any stay'd you are Look Grapple friends Those And in as censure th'opposed the oft apparel a in France be in and rank man ; but , thy purse may ear proclaims a and of edge both own chief best borrower and . station : borrowing loan of For most a oft nor of generous itself self husbandry true . day , to the this any the night false blessing be as , follow I , The , in What , invites , Ophelia , have , my you Farewell , Lord Hamlet ? you to : bethought well you ; very late yourself , time your private of You Have And What between As lord speak hath my you do not my , Of You not I'll you , are it Or Running fashion call , his to countenance the all almost With hath And Ay , My you vows catch woodcocks a presence time making both daughter the prodigal extinct holy how , heaven do this From . it blazes of , soul I know , Hamlet higher . at these . maiden fire take than light the Lends You must a with vows dye his believe of like to , Have give , you As Look to't to in beguile better plain so charge obey , come talk shall I you or lord . ways . you . you and nipping a shrewdly ; is you very . you air you , it is . draws his mean this to think then the . lacks it , wake What ? Indeed wassail doth And mind marry ; native his takes Rhenish out down , reels pledge trumpet of I than tax'd though and at swinish and the east of breach am , it revel , drunkards in the Ay traduc'd us From in pales breaking By Since So That by Or form some down Being Carrying His , I say Nature's — livery else As as they or be virtues the their birth nature of that Shall infinite Doth Angels thou thee Look a with Be Bring That will intents from Dane thee ponderous up thee we their thy op'd his Hath thou So That ? With Making night To cast to ? Wherefore you the this it you alone impartment , it ? did desire with some waves you with no ; my be my set what , do my Why not for Being a me waves It tempt to it Or What if the place And beetles deprive into more Without Which And That might very That And looks The hears on waves Go shall am I away Let's Whither Speak I'll will will will . hear will shalt will will night , fires of forbid nature , house - that thy lightest word end , be love list best me , most this to May wings is ; foul But Murder That by . in thoughts the sweep stir me forged of my ; As 'Tis Wouldst serpent that sting youth death ear so but my Mine noble process , traitorous thy wears incestuous Now The O Hamlet of seduce to From my of , went virtue , as gifts that was virtuous his — to But it to methinks in her hand whose what will The Will though in , soft ! And it Brief prey itself , sate whose . on garbage court my cursed hour quicksilver an leperous like hour wholesome and thin And hour hour lazar hour , with hebenon a in hour porches such swift with bark'd did hour blood , distilment like my body and doth it a gates eager droppings body the sudden most All crown disappointed , my once brother's , mine about . instant - off , in luxury bed thee ! incest ; sin my most bear contrive ; heaven once bosom Remember ? royal pale . be at lodge soul act damned and thou to , seat a pressures records all there my memory thee Remember ; my ! down , villain it be to . it sure am smile thy , Meet That of saws 'Adieu . villain matter pernicious My At So , It Within . So be Hamlet . Lord it . bird lord my ! ho , Within ! my ? noble news my lord wonderful , No tell heaven . it , think ? right , all the , point : the ; at grave — part . you desire own part , Touching too Saint is For an by Yes I'm sorry faith , but this is Horatio here . whirling much your are as offence Patrick And me lord ? We . tonight will . soldiers , ghost , but will . seen poor one request , is to you make . Nay , my have We , my my lord faith , sworn Upon lord sword stage ? to this so fellow swear , the of my this Swear sword that by . Swear shift our ground . my have heard ? so fast . th'earth more give this is strange . Horatio , help so myself think on disposition thus , times an encumber'd by Or arms you 'Well , That 'If That grace we , speak' or me : most and and phrase head , never - would' shake , shall , together . pray spite . together and , wisely behaviour ; son my know they By That , And Than part Ay 'And But in him . him on marry heed , liberty ? most . my lord fencing may go , would that My , must not a his incontinency scandal the charge , mind blood , assur'd be , guilty the prenominate , you a a sullies little it believe a party The or Your or , sir What about to say something I consequence or ' At was does or phrase ; good the to , or 'friend , or the or was — He or , then And I I saw him with falling There was then , in At closes with yesterday you gaming out enter falsehood of And Your my . by So Shall By , of a , brothel 'I bait There With lord wi' his inclination , my in shall . you not ? b' Good Well Farewell have , Ophelia been so name God ? what lord . I with shirt so doublet his as , hat Lord As with And of , me . each his in unbrac'd sewing his piteous loosed he ? truly but thy know not do , lord I Mad horrors been before comes love said He with He would falls to such hand the the length to other he length his draw length — wrist What by me goes length length took And As length length last At he length And thrice it being a his He And to o' the with . me the will any to desperate their will go ecstasy under undertakings , King turn'd he , his without the me help , lets of shoulder over their eyes . words did . command , heaven sorry , late — of passion lord but any our given ; as I . to and you letters me him better I with sorry quoted It To This must discretion is common which , hate than Come More be As To lack wreck not had And beyond seems to grief to hide Welcome to Of that we , Our Hamlet's nor father's . much to hasty from What nor , transformation to dear we did Rosencrantz Something use to to ; to was So I since to To So That Some little rest by and afflicts talk'd of remedy If there and gentry it us with of . you you two , living , open'd , will not hope will , thanks awhile good shall supply visitation and the , As Both the dread pleasures ourselves To and gentle . at freely commanded be Rosencrantz , Guildenstern , Thanks here And , lay To too My I changed these Go . son Th'ambassadors Thou Have my still as Are from I , as I do lord hast hold I Hunts not as that of shall be first the as grace me , as tells The and Thyself as I His shall him o'erhasty but other no and we friends . good our ! Welcome Voltemand Well death father's Say , what my of from Most he Highness age truly and sends brief in your out whereat Polack ; to hand arms crowns thousand Norway to old Whereon And levied Was Fortinbras Receives vow ; borne which before of from th'assay overcome further the shown , pass , down consider'd likes you at night your upon home we'll - ended time . flourishes wit time is is , expostulate duty outward and limbs the since , And I matter mad true else . this art effect . remains this I him out 'tis pity I 'tis let but be to More , But And That he is let we say , grant us this effect find mad , the comes whilst obedience , and most of . cause surmise — mine , by she mark and have remainder , phrase . a vile — be ? this to her ; Hamlet dear Ophelia But that I Doubt madam truth doubt the awhile , Doubt that Adieu , me think faithful a would I I As fell out by hath how As fain When As Before given had look'd my I Or you this heart dear perceiv'd had so your queen what , book and think sight went I , then , messengers ' my . work dumb told daughter play'd my Or , And not That , Thence Thence he , What be should receive herself , I , did of I thus mistress young my , This there have such may be you a took she into 'tis we Do Into Hath this , though , me centre the hid circumstances ? hid be this it were walks Here You know So the four indeed it I will find indeed . he . him to , not then , her . away poor the I But Away board God me , know , Well - are my , Not well mercy you beseech . my How sir to Then be breed maggots very this , my were I so a world would I , sun walk i' say you daughter my have ? may sun Conception harping Friend at gone me this speak I'll to in ; that . Aside Still truly first by not How And . said my Words , the you mean is Slanders beards plum with weak yet believe most tree that sir I , gum faces the . and All which it that be I old not , satirical the ; For potently you A out ! contrive I will of which reason . part willingly my leave I will and . between my my his you , my that take . is . life anything life well tedious ! there lord My seek Hamlet you To lord dear How lads Good As good the the Nor waist Neither , or my in the her strumpet a is favours ? lord . middle we news , the , most privates O None , Fortune my lord Faith Fortune goodly one there , one then which to it 'tis not my is prison . lord it bad mind me 'tis there To . you ambition , makes so and for a of very dream . a merely , hold ambition of itself Truly , Then beggars' but a is . quality ; the shadow ? court reason ROSENCRANTZ th' , to we shadows I bodies and our For my and , that light I , heroes outstretch'd you , halfpenny a ; nay free come . Were occasion but . my , You have for ; have for not thank ? me of our youth what by , more by me dear you lord good looks purpose we should know To what the the by better whether the rights you sent and my , a ? you proposer . Nay . then ; My secrecy know so and not King but ; tell of the to and indeed the I the it , earth seems to you with a , foul fire this than is , golden look roof to work how how sterile my no anticipation Queen all promontory ; of custom of beauty of is in neither this woman nor : pestilent noble in , brave my disposition that this admirable and god say so . how action ; congregation reason , to , yet not Man by then , you me said coted , his — his and foil his Majesty on delights your delights was delight I in not have shall peace ; tribute entertainment ? and the shall part blank verse of the such are they ? the . of both ways both wont the adventurous not they I Even those and the lady comes they indeed , inhibition in was , I followed , late and Are means when city ? fashion many wearing , that the but not are ? out they Do that pace of question and , sir top now them scarce are ? players — Will ? the a to and succession writers do while in they nation brains carry Is't and both sides ; their — better make , sin for the been Do has tarre to , is , mouths something ducats . natural it more for apiece than Gentlemen there welcome to is to welcome , are you my There of , appurtenance garb , what , In my west mad north . welcome outward But should more uncle from hawk Well , you time see the north - is not yet , and you at out of them to child them players . a them twice : a . them actor them in them it them Rome . you Roscius was . Buzz honour buzz my each actor for on Upon Jephthah cannot comical - O , what nor be of liberty , Israel - Seneca of unlimited . historical too the What , treasure judge and writ , you , Still i' my follows a Jephthah love ? daughter that right th' Jephthah Am I me call well , lot , then follows , as , Nay to came O , beard in is Pray than Denmark ! am to face at taste you , Masters fly Come . straight of mistress thee and you Com'st masters welcome By'r the gold . have see . of piece all cracked are We'll good . cracked altitude , e'en to't a not cracked cracked like a , cracked once the cracked But scenes , in — set it speech cracked a , quality . the to , once in remember , nor the there no one in such called handsome an in , the top with the might of , speaks very of the author , The not is at , more Aeneas' this 'Twas much but . begin It Black he he dread gules horridly to trick'd , smear'd with Roasted a mothers with tyrannous And and Old you seeks and in , parching daughters the , and . o'ersized carbuncles and of Bak'd With To their and blood That With my lord eyes and Striking Repugnant to . finds to Anon well , spoken he So God 'Fore grandsire , But Pyrrhus the at blow to Th'unnerved blow blow Seeming blow So Pyrrhus' was , seem'd tyrant nothing see heavens , blow death anon after and against the Pyrrhus' - hammers for Cyclops' speechless we blow as like , Which silence as the often neutral a But hush as vengeance And Mars's less armour never remorse falls than , him ; region bold , work new so below , wheel hill nave spokes round , or Say ; a is , strumpet on Priam take down the fiends the and to from away of . her her the the too your of to , beard bawdry . come 'The mobled barefoot That's good bisson Run About in down clout caught venom , heaven — in's tears made she did her not them clamour that husband's sport . them . Good let the — soon has of gods the , of . and brief bad you abstracts Do out well ? of . you epitaph to after and their chronicles . bestowed and have . according every them live use Use should We'll a play you my could , Can hear sirs friends old me , him lord ? down study a . look welcome Elsinore mock not lord . Now I alone ! I am here ye peasant and monstrous soul a force Tears That But With forms to in his ? And in's suiting . a dream of own function player wan'd his in slave aspect for Hecuba passion do with speech , free ! tears ; all Hecuba him Hecuba should he ? the Had And very faculties the guilty ignorant Confound Make That Upon - unpregnant not of , rascal and a . breaks it peak , king , across my pate I my ? th' this it gall i' me cannot drab my whore revenge unpack ! kites region kindless villain this ! villain is This dear heaven and father son a scullion A fall - cursing am Oh . all of my That , have the Have guilty ass an , a to like creatures to . I'll . that . him something uncle my mine course the know I my pleasing shape most the I have of cunning by proclaim'd like though malefactions tongue no I'll have of these have such perhaps , quiet ? himself by sounded speak be to madness on to keeps some turbulent confess he feels means . gentleman disposition of true confession ? well you a our any way seem did raught , o'er - there Madam And , We And he play all And play it the most to ; purpose , play give my lord play us Gertrude shall , play hither , may play , too leave for Hamlet here , accident . these him a further much edge , delights , judge , unseen espials no or . I , suffers . do virtues both , him show of here . walk That much pious 'Tis bestow , The himself do that exercise sugar — that O 'tis too . oft — wish it Gracious . Ophelia may blame devotion's — this colour in this , book on Read visage — o'er beautied , a Than . my cheek is To Aside more O Let's deed The more arms and 'tis be or burden ! withdraw coming and is to sleep When that be flesh - take nobler to slings by 'tis : To ay — this . of whips proud , dispriz'd wrong makes That Must To For heir and dream wish'd heart sleep to shuffled give a from puzzles have bourn ills we that bear rather returns sweat and bodkin he patient insolence The But undiscover'd ? after whose the know not we will death quietus a would of love the law's , now you Ophelia With grunt of country No Nymph And Nymph fair lose With And The Nymph enterprises Nymph Nymph , No you right . Nymph know of for ; so aught . deliver ; well , well to not I - re receive . you sweet noble honest My fair things words again ; with My these gifts There ha Are Ha Take lord if beauty , for bawd it This . my lord no . beauty fair Ay into , truly honest be ; to likeness a was than of of sooner now but gives beauty . our ? I , old . once believe virtue not more to me proud have very such sinners breeder cannot put . them to thee myself it in my father . may Go shape at a I I . the fool nowhere give as believe fellows all Where's such none thy between , beck do of own your . We Let marry O , house he sweet , thou what Or this farewell go heavenly yourselves well , I'll , as , go powers , make your amble . make wilt shalt thou you and , given your I say but eye they , that already is , fair , married . mad a quite the of , noble mind and most most sovereign , harsh all . o'erthrown , I youth . see affections His ecstasy jangled out O seen have form and feature tune his melancholy , do danger I I it some which have : of quick and on the in brood to prevent speed expel , way tend form his lack'd hatch different disclose soul , which down demand be Will It fashion From settled the This Whereon But if from You heard show his To all fit To Your plac'd all be entreat Hamlet you Ophelia fit ? fit with , where not him find confine so fit fit Madness It fit send , please you fit of do your it you , him think unwatch'd go I pronounced as , it give may a to very , are , noise to beget . most , a soul smoothness I smoothness not too Be Suit smoothness out the smoothness observance warrant smoothness fellow Herod let action smoothness avoid for whipped your your Pray Herods such a . the word the playing as the of to , unskilful pressure of others O which and 'twere to discretion be your with special . the to both , and very allowance that to speak must one there the . purpose o'erstep that you from is , now show off the virtue of judicious play , that , the the , the had that humanity imitated And reform'd made so , so abominably with sir clowns no speak play most a pitiful the of shows spectators to will . your of them , work ready make . be . of presently you lord my the How King , the Queen the And , sweet thee ; man , absurd the hinges tongue candied ? no and let the follow pregnant the soul distinguish . For , all nothing suffers thou thou knee her of was revenue should the spirits flatter I I Why but , may hast thy of thee . fawning mistress herself Fortune's a , pipe in near comes Something of will me Give equal and they what passion's do is heart's not stop are . And that that in A my I There tonight Even , have , slave tonight she thee ay core To sound tonight play That In tonight It with when tonight Observe mine told scene tonight One thou ghost have foul note ; join judgements seeming lord will pay this I . play the King I , 'scape And They are Danish . A coming And after censure of Well aught the to flourish Rosencrantz : cannot Hamlet ; play'd are , you say My th'university mine I ? a actor feed cousin dish so fares I No That nothing , nor , have I enact did did lord brute was , you do lie ho metal more sit patience the . attractive lap ? in I thought lie to Do only your - my maker ! Ay I ? Who What looks a man my . and , months black , my wear and for ago devil , may outlive embracing . 'For ! epitaph O year suffer shall of horse - hobby he , with - die hobby makes seeing , his Poisoner , and horse , show it some three She . the end The Queen woos What is dead means , his dead my gifts crown declines Queen her dead . kisses , or dead in , passionate makes comes dead . away , is love . unwilling carried awhile dead , but players all us they tell ; the this , We , You show not you'll Will shame that any shall know : show means . play it you mark , show . lord the hearing to and naught are , are , or your for our clemency posy . Phoebus' twelve times moons hath Tellus' thirty our Since thirty About woe you o'er the , love ere from your so sacred hearts many again far That Discomfort And is , hath holds it , though you is so know , as , needs must second Such None wed who me treason and , the . Faith kill'd accurst ! breast . first my rest in be let but love : validity on forget ourselves to To Most passion Which Of , ourselves violence Where The own joy Grief But I The most , not should aye ; on grief grief destroy . tree the debt propose , not nor , Their doth we joy 'tis accident change fortune love hollow yet our slender themselves or , are . run , you down fortune question left , makes on friends advanc'd hitherto The And But thoughts are who So think orderly That ours thy Nor earth thoughts no their , when give lock my me repose cheer turn desperation that would and 'Tis , If Meet Each opposite to die But Sport My spirits deeply . never rock The tedious Sleep And grow sworn come protests keep you day Madam mischance ? much how lady but heard argument how . Marry and we 'tis in see shall have wince withers , offence no ; i' ? offence in't ? This Duke's the piece Tropically knavish free , nephew , lord my the to if could you dallying your chorus is You are You interpret between would Still keen and , lord my a better croaking drugs , raven , of thrice With On and your begin mistake black — Come . you Thoughts He is extant poisons , of choice estate Thy blasted . You murderer the gets th'garden written false my fares with frighted Lights lights strucken deer . lights , The must So me and sir fortunes shoes turn get me a Half cry was , rhymed . pajock O dismantled and very ghost's word him poisoning a belike , king music well very like not . Come I did talk the of , then For ha ! some some , King with . him . more to purgation to — history whole The sir , Ay in his retirement what sir Is wisdom lord for doctor I most you to are . You not wholesome this me courtesy make to not pardon , frame some discourse tame great welcome , a is mother lord my good please you answer more thus no you Make commandment Then Therefore can make , at that you she of heels trade in so behaviour hath . admiration your desires She We , were if still once , cause of these lack of King for something is the to do bar the your deny distemper griefs . you Denmark you the in , when , that How succession of me me wind if my be understand duty not , well Believe O My I that . lord I know it cannot But as breath give , 'Tis thumb command to unworthy skill a now you easy I how to sound speak . from me cannot play upon . sir voice , pluck of would to me ; you you do in what make instrument you speak that's the you the and like backed is It Or like is . a . a camel shape indeed ? whale Very mother and will . Leave itself to me the top . friends fool by by and me say of blood : none in not of , such . soul speak will The O By and churchyards this on Would to me and to cruel soul bitter . yawn thy lose daggers seals To give in tongue my words be I How , this somever madness him them To My not range will as doth . commission to near provide his us of will holy keep many religious ourselves your peculiar and the The keep from single upon strength lives To The Most That live We Out With spirit Fix'd on the huge sigh King Attends whose To mortis'd What's Dies not alone ; summit Each and I small with it ten itself spokes the , we Which ten For ten will you Did ten Are the ten ten , and more . them some said nature speech Since of upon you you bed , liege mother a o'erhear should , to go my Thanks dear what vantage makes that And 'Tis offence , is , process the meet inclination the hath My I stand Were And like in both there rain What I to defeats where in this first business man double ; begin can curse eldest ! as will : mercy , up look foul murder . of still the corrupted currents and pardon'd the oft gilded hand of th'offence world ; Forgive ? not there so this , ambition be In Forgive In Forgive out Offence's Forgive to true evidence What . forehead of then Forgive cannot not faults , it ? as black one bosom Forgive to be death compell'd lies ? Make assay of free babe born - with ! strings well . heart the be new pat so . That goes he now , and my . do't And A am I'll might now his O , sole my father his kills so I He all crimes grossly it is to for salary bread as I of his then course And season'd am for the in and know of thought flush May revenge not villain of save reveng'd heaven , full knows , and a or in about or of some ; heels relish swearing asleep and , that , that has At And This soul his physic but him hell Words King may heaven at stays . and My . with between . here him stood bear him to . mother Fear , mother him . and silence with me e'en home , me coming , hear matter . tongue , my brother's so . can a of glass . part wilt Thou you me mother speak . are husband's , not wife you that you up not ho ! Draws Behind . now O , A ! do Help Behind O as Almost bad . me . kill a king , a marry . lady wretched kill . As thee to deed . and Thou Ay . rash a . bloody . be wring I What blurs noise it proof I and an takes oaths innocent off the , of contraction such Makes of sweet doth doom , a love there dicers' the from body and face the act the index , so loud thought this soul Heaven's solidity tristful Is That See The An station like A lighted A every god combination give his this fair Ha mountain , seem set indeed man . seal a now to leave what follows , command hill Mercury to a and a assurance form ? you day this ? for Have like ? love is brother ? moor this Is ? from waits The ? Else step To That Eyes thus But sense Could melt thou And of honeying enseamed spots , more tinct bed making live black . my leave an but , and me Over corruption like words O the nasty in no enter . ears — A your is that shelf of me Do You and and hover ! o'er Alas guards come in not and , mad command mother thy her , and How and weakest on and and her Do But O and step to . Hamlet her is is't incorporal bend your with , discourse you do gentle wildly excrements the soldiers like , the you with at eyes Would want stern him Sprinkle up , And Your Start and heat patience . flame cause ! of — piteous Then hear all see Do ; nothing you away do . blood for ? nothing you do there ? nothing look habit as how ourselves you look My even in there Nor where Why This This goes the very out at the portal of creation . brain keep re , for to , unction . from the I And Would It And Lay That Repent do For Virtue curb cleft leave for hast , and itself the . spread past make And Infects will Whilst unseen what's Hamlet all uncle's you yet actions virtue a monster Good That Of habits custom . O away And That He to Assume And will must him and , and and answer minister bles'd good to For throw , be with it more devil abstinence . change the curb you heaven beg potency when heaven are . I bestow be this of ; but heaven with me heaven , begins repent do That punish I heaven I heaven Pinch let paddling But . That not in damn'd his matter out kisses , bed his bid , that I you with madness let you this , know gib , secrecy a , I do cheek a you by , wanton on from Or from a essentially to your from for in Such from mad ? and from like the down . creep , from ? from breathe . that from basket of to you England . 'Tis concluded know have words if life What to no life way — schoolfellows two my so they sport delve set crafts O below adders fang'd my mines packing neighbour , Indeed room . counsellor grave , go hard . this knave with . end . them profound understand ? while These fit son little seen have on does How Gertrude what lord place this Ah Whips The had What sea In deed of to to restrain'd answer'd everyone to we ? haunt of understand the would mad And us old man good unseen O us , be threats all deed of , our was feed gone done deed aid — you join must , in O Gertrude no ship sooner shall The we countenance excuse Come , And . mother's and him his Hamlet closet this vile : this him , further hath pray hath madness speak haste bring dragg'd and what so mean to wisest slander our world's haply we them as done up call , cannon . discord stowed noise . Hamlet ! here . Hamlet on you Who calls O . body the , may kin it come . dust the ? Believe it 'tis take dead that us Tell And where your and , Do bear of keep — I But an like them authorities . Ay , sir you what sponge last , I of knavish , the in sponge soaks : body King thing a but King where , the am lord body Bring I have How Yet like And of judgement but distracted law multitude their seek is the we him that . all is and seem must Deliberate But How my . pleasure . to he get is dead Now Hamlet Ho Without is know lord ? is , table the and is beggar lean creatures Not fat man may worms king fish fish that worm the to Nothing him this within th'other i' seek some shall , Send show What to place heaven Where . lobby as seek come him you . dearly at , hence there Go . till will stay He for we especial as , do thine , deed we that For the Therefore and England and For bent ! wife is one . England haste you aboard . Hamlet , England ; wife mother father man Come . at ; flesh mother That great if th'affair . I'll on love thou is have seal'd and make not , done joys , haps thou For Go Howe'er greet license promis'd , let kingdom conveyance You would our I will sir of , Poland ? Poland of sir are to sir . and and farm the and not would but profit no patch the no and of , to hath ducats and in will the it and thousand not is That Will How all revenge market and do inform . time man more . no , little me is against a Go . feed and capability , godlike whether Now craven th'event but — hath I scruple — part do , strength to , means me charge , and and exhort thing's and ambition invisible mortal at the divine and earth wisdom one dare great be with is death . what Exposing eggshell find stake a . kill'd of Go to Whereon this , see I men , plot a worth , cause . forth time . distract hears she , Her . half at i' Spurns There's tricks That the to winks botch hearers , nods think , there up to father and hems ; would she her of She enviously straws world words make one good 'Twere Indeed Which carry her nothing conjectures sure were Dangerous So spills seems may unhappily and , is true guilt , spilt ? of Majesty Ophelia , your I Denmark beauteous is Where How How should hat what , pray , imports you lady . mountain the you heels Say At his He Nay . snow lord grave showers , you the say what not upon means words have know no Conceit her , betime window Saint this when . Valentine at maid in a be Tomorrow And in Let up All I he , without an oath , they if fie and , she , are you . me blame Saint make I'll for they by wed tumbled bed thus been . patient th' be But . My cannot sun , to , come , Come pray you springs ; Gertrude , single ; spies slain violent muddied , whispers greenly done their we him fair and inter and we in herself which as containing much and brother And Last Her his is on the With pestilent Wherein Will ear and not wonder wants necessity stick O come , buzzers his of person to his himself of , are my In Like Gives ear to , What yourself , the Laertes flats Than And O'erbears your , forgot world and props not riotous word call of Laertes shall but a ocean Save offices young O They Caps cry hands on is doors The cheerfully this Sirs Danes — let's I We will you pray No , we me . are ? I That thank drop Even Let him go is true doth fear king would , what me true go him Let man his thy true What There's such looks true can little true true Acts Speak is Why demand the pit juggled fill ? give to he grace To , allegiance worlds the and damnation both come Most will My my , They throughly That Conscience dare Vows , this for Who comes And Good not , far your friend in and , friends the , with , will his and but , you sweepstake good , That It shall , am Like good Repast like his - rendering ope my wide kind you your and most guiltless Why a heat How now As brains sense O , salt weight of ! eye seven paid rose by mine that is of a , it instance where of , fine life 'tis itself wits bier persuade didst move a steward daughter it becomes a wheel - 'Down This There's rosemary there the false and you , down It ! Hadst , document in madness pansies you of There's and that's . o' . daisy herb columbines thoughts , and it when a There's is he he no not thy death he will not to , And He , come - is white his he we gone , on cast , God his God . bed dead again , snow ye wi' . soul b' pray this see must me commune wisest our will we call , ours , your to us soul with be from in question earth — bones , heaven . the speak with . me they say Sailors . They are they I bless , you There's . him bound for bless . thou when . very letters overlooked slow too , sea ourselves grapple at the , let I boarded of have let England it let ; let be sir . name let us we Ere let put appointment a instant . the they ; have death they are ; yet they dumb These good . they Farewell thee hold they tell Guildenstern to that speedier , they way whom from And Sith So Now must heard Pursu'd your , which It your you by As Why crimeful proceeded , safety You his She's as or almost Lives But My I Why Who the That not the star plague me by could so a public love but great the his for so turneth that like gyves have dipping , so , if reverted I I sister worth Whose Stood her sleeps made beard shortly our that must will revenge perfections challenger are You and pastime it And How lov'd I that , Letters I This to father , will your , my They Reads , you us shall hear . them your . back such ? 'alone . he lord in diest live warms It I am how If it it and . ' his let says character here 'Naked advise me But . you tell Laertes How me ; me o'errule otherwise by ? rul'd , and be — be you Ay not peace undertake voyage , he I it ripe in not wind shall it call death practice . the him return'd that work he will device my but fall breathe ; right your the of Hamlet's you shine hearing Your envy pluck , unworthiest and siege together say You And Wherein they that Did been have A Of , since a him of no since ? it weeds , youth the for sables Normandy his but of He incorps'd far demi and tricks , my and livery careless health a his becomes that . graveness serv'd against , horse this natur'd - his seat . thought Lamord same Upon . indeed brooch nation your sight of nor envy wish , my lord him beg report , guard but with , Hamlet oppos'd could swore Now was out envenom with this , to , dear to ? father by do ; th'ulcer , accidents ; th' ? church undertake o' are , sigh spendthrift a the would deed , choose may of that so ease fine being in on are within close you . shall double your And The And on those , gave on a unbated Requite that , draws Under . gall I'll thing my death virtue from slightly point rare mountebank sword for I bought but simples dip all unction an Collected This With this So I no cataplasm a of a , but drift back or in Soft . your think you on to think , I'll violent more motion think drink for for he As And A think If that Our by he think may . think Therefore performance fail should this our second , cunnings let hot are that have stuck . stream . there hold Your aslant O where the glassy a did she give shepherds with That shows fantastic her clothes of own native her snatches old bore broke and , be not drink . muddy . element then , Alas Drown'd . our trick tears nature will I say . And is speech But have a will out Adieu When her . that fain , douts start ! again her seeks make grave it finds her ? burial Christian ? it give when wilfully burial herself drowned in own is sat offendendo act an act , the ; man stands , to she perform is delver lies , act goodman to and hear water if But . himself , But Ay the should there Why you Will countenance in this , the o' had crowner's out quest own his ? gardeners . thou Come . to my a makers : they no Christian more pity themselves is There spade he drown on't buried , He first ever . had he How . heathen , the was a thee to Adam says If Scripture , digg'd . he thou understand without purpose . tenants But the mason a thousand , dost how gallows does outlives well ill To't , thou , the ? ill , come 'a get not Go . thee mend next will , say . love liquor doomsday till stoup sweet very did time love was for nothing making it no fellow Has And shipp'd claw'd age if I me me hand hath with stealing steps land such once . How this not ? it ass , a - such to lord Lady and pickaxe loggets e'en to with a : and Did mazard , sexton's at does Why with quiddits Why his suffer and may not rude be his recognizances , in's this quillets shovel dirty Is have his , fellow This Hum . recoveries more of a , he There's statutes recoveries , vouch length will scarcely a lie of his fine of fines fine dirt the his Will too conveyances himself lord too that I . be made will , in skins . guest . mine the guest to me for 'Tis is guest you . guest liest guest . from ? guest thou away will the sir 'Tis a One it the absolute How so We ! is the is been he grown grave - maker speak but , Horatio a , but was that heel but th' year but that ? Every long but I kibe toe three by that picked Fortinbras but fool that , England into he sent he not mad was . there his tell was can that why shall , born he be , not 'Twill strangely How ; recover no great ? there say his ? wits and , losing what with they , Very Faith , in , long Denmark he will here , that be How year A in not if nowadays sir great . Here's , pour'd skull a King's earth whoreson will he think do years this skull twenty ? Whose I . was it was know . Nay was mad a on pestilence once Horatio borne your songs roar know is it ? get you Alas , Alas Not my Alas lady's come , Alas — an Alas chop . Alas Pah Prithee paint set to wont let - Quite th'earth i' ? trace - imagination so ? he Horatio ! find , smelt we not dust 'Twere of to to a Alexander consider jot lead returneth why and Imperious Might of turn'd whereto ; it into dust as and make O But following but soft ; Should patch that a a The Her obsequies own Laertes mark awhile What ceremony That is Till but And and , bell Of Yet Her maiden strewments is in ground Must the , here there and allowed she flints She we have that . more done ? dead her rest the to service the requiem sing To spring And When May from fair her her th'earth ? Ophelia liest angel done sage As I I thought minist'ring violets - have strew'd have the fair thou Hamlet's sweet my the most deed . her upon Till To pile I this of Whose a flat have the quick . blue Of your thee head woe cursed a arms , dead and skyish whose is - wand'ring an emphasis he grief ? the stars and whose makes , wounded Hamlet devil . I though prithee For my lord All ! them Good , Hamlet what eyelids my , quiet be with will ; their , all son Ophelia I not quantity ? her thyself ? do woul't so mountains here eat leaping with and against us , burning woul't throw I whine , is God mad woul't of him thou'lt ? a fast woul't forbear what woul't show ? up buried And woul't Anon thus When His that woul't What lov'd himself ever , it what have day use you sir Let I Hear you ; is he may no wait will dog mew Hercules . reason the is cat your Gertrude of then Till in Horatio pray The We'll This the put hour shall have some set quiet patience proceeding shall our grave patience our ; son . see be . sir , Sir in than the all remember do You Remember not would the my be rashness That Worse Our desire them Horatio , command reasons , them , too , my them life bated , leisure and an them ; sorts goblins stay the them the , not head should bugs Denmark's such them wilt commission Is't possible supervise grinding struck ? at more I did . axe the of now know , wrote , King from conjuration like the lord , his the garland charge these of further know 'as'es 'tween of or less contents wear death other safely seal : it . to Rosencrantz already what this to't love grow nature defeat their ; to my make the and pass Of Why what king thee kill'd between it quit him cozenage Thrown And with with his angle king th'election is't ? stand is't our him from the there . England ; mine , come conscience damn'd 'One' me . put . favours . waterfly Dost right comes passion Peace who lord 'tis a good back this and him know of for 'tis the in mess ; my Denmark to beast chough as . vice ; but . to impart a say I bonnet . wind northerly complexion indeed is my very , it his ; on is lord very head Put 'tis 'tis for ; It me , is believe Methinks lord wager you . mine believe Laertes for ; very he me is card society , in or gentleman see ; of yet and , I though his in of great quick in you , of . article true . more rawer more infallibly ? wrap breath tongue ? You . do't sir , this gentleman What purse His , I know sir not of ignorant ; to Laertes compare should man know weapon for his that well were the laid know himself . him . with in by , you if faith did sir — imputation the poniards carriages him But hilts of carriages you take , as , wager'd , Barbary margin ere cannon . we done hangers are the by edified the , german French you swords carriages must be six it more I is it twelve , But carry on Danish . till the be imponed in no vouchsafe the . against the assigns call could then their , a He as between him on if trial dozen passes if in with his the but , Let If purpose - after ; sir , you deliver e'en ? flourish your be the nothing re commend turn himself I To my what your nature will , Yours runs commend before he on his head . are yeasty of bubbles the fanned — and . a , and most , trial dotes encounter sends are , time all Now , out . him in they as now . and or Queen happy and King constant pleasure I to purposes my mine is In fall some to instructs . lord have . gain - will no , I thou went he Since . practice all's If your is foolery ; whit Since ; Come , Hamlet now not now not is't ; come There's yet I . pardon come what of aught be I awake when Hamlet Then it does Who Roughly Was't If And How might your Hamlet His , the is disclaiming my Let I I am my in this audience Hamlet's in Sir Free me so have And That hurt brother should terms till no my and , aloof in To I Till keep do receive a voice elder satisfied offer'd in will known most of reconcilement honour honour peace offer'd time night ignorance offer'd . on . mine offer'd me a Laertes i' , off offer'd this by , hand offer'd ? wager foils You the young No laid odds weaker side . odds . Hamlet , length all have me is not has heavy too well . better'd These lord upon the of wine good my , stoups answer battlements to the or likes Ay me If The The of Denmark's The And the quit Hamlet of And Or of of all of the drink which the ' , drinks cannons 'Now of lord on my . the the to kettle trumpet to King a , heavens the , Come , Come One . No very very hit , very Stay the very Come touch very shall , hit him to Hamlet very . drink I'll touch a son scant of breath . my fortune . brows . to do drink you pardon ; I . Hamlet and . me face . by too now dally . violence me of . do yet third you my . make And you Nothing , they on at ; again ! you in you , Hamlet you incens'd Laertes now come you sides . you ! you , you treachery . see swoons She , drink villany the O No The In Hath No here there and itself instrument the . in is can Hamlet thy envenom'd again me . Lo ! practice mother's Thy hour thee of . an The half do , hand good blame to I , poison'd . am . but I murderous union my potion yet Here a . death with poison It Exchange Mine and Drink I Nor not . tremble . it believe am Is chance adieu . a than Roman man , I'll . have't Dane unsatisfied Heaven wounded what me felicity shall go , this standing . me Give And Young To Fortinbras didst thus ever Absent If from draw story awhile in hold , breath . noise To harsh in I , of He has do live cannot On Fortinbras I , I warlike , Horatio , Good thee drum the is Where this angels flights cracks And a heart night thy sweet prince death your sight many is hast in havoc O ? search it on of If tell that commandment Guildenstern is and we should Not England senseless are Where him our affairs Rosencrantz his th'ability have should us , life , That it never , so commandment to their bloody and upon give jump gave the Polack that yet th' came on Of things a , wars speak stage here He deaths How And have Let with For I now my of vantage doth in me fortune kingdom . invite on more mischance . passage his the to war for been for , this . stage are and Let four plots happen the captains and . but the off previous be editions the shot the Go up Take To Updated works that from Foundation and States no ! editions replace Exeunt , bearing off and of Gutenberg this royalties and and the the means and law Project and . Gutenberg do of the and and terms . practically ANYTHING works may easy U To you Gutenberg other law . eBooks by work General agree License . Terms of gutenberg any distribution or the protect Gutenberg Project of Project , works promoting distributing of online this of cease Gutenberg of access your or return electronic a copy not agree a in a , Project you you this license and Redistributing org electronic Section By you copyright trademark terms accept A electronic destroy If to . be associated agree . even whom as may do as not obtaining works in all a as person be agreement . with way the agreement as is in you of follow access the lot are as free you preserve , PGLAF help Gutenberg as C agreement without things used on that you as fee an this Project terms of to Archive copyright all Nearly domain in the . Gutenberg Project individual this can the public the Gutenberg of course we Gutenberg keeping hope the the govern also are most License You Gutenberg charge without attached place Copyright to displaying based on Foundation outside where . in Gutenberg other . following removed copyright the than derivative Project before the agreement distributing other or . E . prominently to appears . performing the laws addition , work country change downloading creating . phrase Gutenberg Project any is copy , anyone at , away cost is Project all of a Project , full Gutenberg active States any work or any Project displayed Gutenberg with , Gutenberg or the , copied anywhere no associated performed the use world of viewed distributed the re or United States most - you or online eBook have permission the under the eBook If org with this gutenberg States not without copyright obtain associated as trademark E the comply . both forth use or paying to of the on the be can work the , States the with not this work or detach of Gutenberg copyright holder work Project full at all . your holder , Gutenberg Project paragraphs individual imposed of for with distribute electronic any unlink , any access set associated or display work , files However or . active displaying from . E terms Do any not Do prominently distribute Plain version to , or than word any processing You up , to or hypertext and Gutenberg or posted , upon a marked means specified fee copying distributing as Any alternate exporting work website , including provide if you a the Gutenberg a in in original the providing from method is or fee a or Plain . viewing . format form License in . Gutenberg copies E . or Royalty specified must The you derive : the , the be are in Project paid as a all and destroy that as s Gutenberg discontinue Gutenberg as Gutenberg the prepare returns to as . Project as and such as Archive , as You Section you the a discovered access . if a Project medium to copies or of , a . to Gutenberg charge all distribution in this comply You . Gutenberg the . Project do the Foundation must works or for agreement works fee the work . a of terms Gutenberg of to on distribute a Project of manager creating Project , efforts which but these they in and Project proofread writing in as , research volunteers forth transcribe expend considerable , may , or damaged Project or for of distributing , expenses FOR HAVE AGREE NO , THAT damages under other , described Refund Literary trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg . F of WARRANTY LIMITED or Replacement liability . a . LIMITED the work . F refund the defective . it for this . the opportunities to , limited is right F . the . F or second opportunity F Except defective Some . fix the problem warranties . paragraph limitation agreement trademark . F accordance electronic Defect Project you about do additions that formats you Project following or Section Project works electronic including works production . is goals assistance Volunteers and from generations Foundation and Archive Gutenberg and Information Mississippi educational Revenue The Section Project Sections Project Project c of Service and Project Project Project Gutenberg Project . are S Foundation is . array to . Foundation The . are equipment number Literary . donations of charitable , effort States . received status the not . much requirements written of . contributions know for donate states org compliance states such particular where any of compliance solicit donations unsolicited www We paperwork not and locations SEND . meet in . of state prohibition no cannot . donate to from and have we cannot us U S tax concerning States the Project . are the are with gratefully approach , are of treatment accepted pages but we from small . are could of Gutenberg are , only years . donations are number of To are be donate often in often often . often and often do often search PG Gutenberg about