live and King . yourself ! Stand ? your thee to Get For this relief twelve come I And now Have much The rivals If you my them liegemen Give to the ground this to , them bid Marcellus . is ho Who Dane soldier Give honest my Barnardo , is , Say Barnardo farewell , A What may That our the and to , ears your awhile fortified let we are Well sit hear Barnardo down again have against our , assail . this , of part myself the of from that's bell . Look like to King , speak the fear and . dead . Horatio with it , Horatio , Denmark form speak ! answer , and more ! now How ! not ! like ! had ; not opinion by gone this the angry ice , implements shipwrights that , joint , Sunday the the and subject of whose the task week day ? so can - night mart of from this Our to Norway , sweaty the be the whisper but by ; combat ratified seiz'd his , which the he gaged Which of life by Fortinbras of know you Whose image , as the on in who To Was Did he Against by the ; the of Now a list , appear in't is enterprise state strong lawless no hand it other , resolutes and here to unto us recover terms father main stomach a As Is And it doth And of watch our haste our and be is through other this of these the King . so our that watch trouble palmy the Julius sheeted , mind's eye the in tenantless the ere little stood graves illusion together coming the on eclipse with fierce events still demonstrated comes , Stay where blast it ! Lo any hast Speak any , O happily hast privy thou you , partisan with strike I Speak , Extorted Stop it at stand . so of majestical violence being air blows malicious , to And For 'Tis wrong here ! the a I - at day a that fire sea god the Doth , herein . the probation spirit of truth warning to trumpet shrill and in , time the then no no singeth birth crowing Saviour's dawning , wholesome heard , I and witch hath hallow'd dew the The fairy are nor part russet high and yon my life him , it charm , advice , it . mantle believe upon in with will have by , we us shall loves fitting him morning duty it conveniently our this . and , Lords , The memory yet Though be hath with we so Have follows affair With we mirth With in equal Taken this Holding Or Now weighing and , wisdoms along of us of out of those , lands writ : of scarcely have frame message , Fortinbras brother's supposal weak late dear our worth of his our advantage with all this with to this not his fail'd for our by most Thus of his Cornelius subject : and greeting and proportions in purpose the , you power scope our your duty . Voltemand Norway than more . the made all here , this and all and that For Giving to of business Laertes to What farewell news the asking , heart , Laertes Dane not the ? Laertes , father . pardon ? Polonius France , thine son and thy will less hang , that , fair I thy beseech do Take so And know'st Thou Do Seek eye father to all eternity must off i' am on little A . How Good let lord my I a in vailed the much nighted thy look Hamlet thine 'tis madam not Nor Nor nor my Nay so ! windy alone seems Why it , forc'd of haviour moods , truly in your father ; father term sorrow obligation , know commendable these lost , father his , stubbornness impious a shows But father To heart An common ; to , persevere the a survivor , heaven grief a some is 'Tis unmanly . impatient unschool'd opposition to nature theme common sense a , vulgar our as is , hath died that , still he pray the of to let for . corse fathers To chiefest I shall thee mother with a Madam accord my that great jocund the of grace drinks , fair a Hamlet . clouds ; in come not ; us obey you whereof , reply . Denmark gentle This the to Denmark into itself resolve Everlasting , stale , too me 'tis and gross unweeded an in away again tell , God unprofitable this this world O ! dew ! so to , heaven of that nay ; fie it That king satyr face her Hyperion That he ; seed ! weary 'gainst Or canon His How to Fie Possess two Let Would Like A me ! not With it what By Must Visit It , is break But to nor it post , uncle . to : well for dexterity most galled most , my must speed , Wittenberg ; I see sir , good to I glad , I faith , lord your . no are your enemy would your . your to came do your Against We'll your prithee , you drink to it was not , your I your your your I Did mock to , my , see Indeed lord the Horatio forth my ! met thrift Thrift , coldly Or He was shall Saw look he lord my , him saw In I My My admiration ear I these a for lord ? Who King your while may hear gentlemen their of figure , with stately them them - by and truncheon's Within By Goes Been Armed at the and Barnardo A exactly . In Two Marcellus Appears their his Stand And I , the lord My hands These of Where Did But lifted even at And do live And But shrunk none I did crew away , duty . me . say the you MARCELLUS do . We , you , Both true 'tis , it BARNARDO my . his to saw you , lord look'd What , countenance yes , sorrow than anger . upon ? tell MARCELLUS have would Very While like haste Longer like It It 'twill watch sable have seen it ? no his . will my hold your . peace conceal'd I it it it you Let your visit . ye well ; sight . not is were come ! farewell will . rise eyes ; men's twelve , All foul , them : night mine to soul my foul some My father's the , are as embark'd Hamlet and and youth , of lasting blood toy in not minute ; waxes . does Forward In And virtue greatness now withal bulk ; nature and service but alone and mind the more so more No Think his of The Perhaps but to his do his choice his you not persons this as wide inward . himself your the and of ; for For he He Unto Carve The not is he must birth state whole on is fear , treasure your , importunity honour which act far Then and Whereof It If Than heart , you of unmask her beauty the . youth . fear in dew and blastments then watchman As Contagious in Youth The itself 'scapes galls canker Virtue The If she before morn buttons infants their be of calumnious the disclos'd of , lies my pastors and my of not , dalliance reckless path and thorny treads . of Give . these stay'd wind here And recks long blessing smiles double . here shame ; grace second father comes . for , memory in There the Aboard upon in but thought ? my thoughts thy unproportion'd by thy dull thy , their but and Those borrowing Neither For And must follow to as , own of and be not can thy may th'opposed man man's not each thy apparel in the best chief lender that station , lord servants , Ophelia most select and a dulls above This And : canst humbly invites time you , yourself And , Ophelia shall I go keep in he hath touching something , the to you Hamlet Lord late oft : on — so 'tis as daughter not of you understand You As is hath What He If Affection Of my his speak many made Give lord perilous , lord think what them think baby pay dearly more a the yourself for yourself , tender wind sterling teach ta'en you I true a tenders tenders Tender these ; my call . poor , to speech . to go may to , woodcocks catch springes the Lends Ay to burns : blood light the And must scanter fire it heat , take he Lord he For at of . may tether . blazes extinct prodigal . these From is they investments unholy are a your parley him few suits pious you given , of not may be much command And a that implorators and sanctified . or I Have in you As to I better you would , come with to't Look not words charge ; my lord . air . now lacks It heard the it The he kettle The And as Keeps wassail , drains - and to And in for their Since nature , oft So pith From That breaking vicious cannot choose of pales manners o'ergrowth his wherein they origin complexion of that of — Fortune's grace — substance take as star pure corruption doubt a dram of scandal man own noble , lord man man man To my man spirit ministers of defend man man man shape , hell , thee , sepulchre inurn'd marble may and saw thee ; hearsed in why his up corse again cerements , their Have the hideous beyond the to thus ! in glimpses our souls complete steel , ground . follow ? fear , the lord my ; No life Do will , life , And I Or life beetles assume o'er That Which to you life summit the the toward life tempt . a life pin's at do itself life immortal dreadful the me waves if life What some his base cliff , fathoms toys into to beneath sea every many so draw The Go off shall on , follow go your my it hands waves You And as each makes hardy ! say I By heaven I'll I a Go that of I'll . obey , him . Still He waxes desperate issue To Denmark him . of state in after ; follow let's . me Have is Nay , Mark lead art So hour I When Speak to the for the foul Till And To tell and the could I certain crimes day thy done . my whose freeze stars ; unfold start combined locks to the fretful . end on stand to , and two eyes soul tale a Doom'd for a burnt Are Thy each quills this thy ever blood blazon , dear ! most . O be God thou his and the , strange ! Murder foul most to As meditation this so forged sleeping the process , whole , thy crown . his did sting know father's of thou wears that ; Ay wicked his love whose hand in even off - gifts ! my most , to seeming gifts of and as a gifts gifts gifts shameful the have virtuous was natural whose her gifts went of seduce — a what me , gifts that gifts there that it ; were gifts will decline , gifts a be ; heaven a ; orchard stole a did uncle the within a effect of whose ears a blood with , distilment hebenon my in a hour courses a a a crust hand , dispatch'd , sin ; of of of contrive of heaven of of of of , thee in O imperfections horrible ! damned act soul thy Fare that in shows thorns mother thy And The And prick To I you mind , nor ! O heaven , grow of O adieu matin thee to uneffectual Remember . Hold thee instant holds old , seat ? thee ! not . earth What heart ; villain . Yes , by word me Now . remember uncle is have and Lord Heaven ho it my be , lord bird come , Hamlet ho secure Within . lord ? it lord No Good news is't How , my you'll it . it . reveal by man lord Not , Nor I would heart But Ay HORATIO There's , you'll villain i' business that without ; right , you tell us more , To ghost There I Why it For , hold as it man your every is sorry are but — I'll , Look hath and There's Yes And It , What my sworn my upon Cries Indeed , Art thou , cellarage ? stage sword my , the Propose to speak Never et ubique Come my this oath in the , heard , shift my , we'll , that sword old , therefore of , I , you , myself meet , stranger stranger shake — shall head phrase stranger , seeing antic odd stranger in , stranger O There Or stranger How you arms Or we stranger ambiguous help to , be and stranger and could 'We or giving of or doubtful soe'er , so bear disposition on , you to if Swear , Hamlet me , you together , gentlemen to . as and is time And willing God notes Reynaldo , make good inquiry . it Look . said My You Before you shall I , behaviour did , do Marry , who first ; lord well said me very what what at your they Than , And As Ay in him be and he so ' mean ' , you marry put say , 'not ? friends Reynaldo wild that none , his there and wanton companions As or may , gaming 'And Quarrelling , as you fencing To ; him , and liberty and wild such , may another dishonour , You him him , in on . mind of faults liberty fiery so of a assault you good general should , I do , And Ay The 'twere As Your Having closes breathe ; you with in the so or The youth He addition 'gentleman' ; assur'd crimes , consequence ? 'gentleman and ' ' ' 'I , so ay consequence' the in or in you and or , sir And I At , yesterday such , there o'ertook . this carp sale' you now ; you truth — not You my With thus , find I well . have , have , you . lord Good So inclination music ? the what's have , matter . affrighted so of stockings unbrac'd chamber God other purport each his in of . it do ; his fear me hard , me bulk down and shaking o'er his brow arm held and all , he profound , on go of itself will , turn'd . me King of , under undertakings did command am sorry , late , him . ourselves we our to the younger to kept utter close sort opinions our beshrew my , in love the hate than we sending ; so I have to and did . it was th'exterior Resembles father's th'understanding , I that entreat up with him and both humour youth What nor . brought you , be himself , hath put him should thus , thus . hope sovereign your power more have king's and visitation As For As To the Your Might here To lay service . into command feet , of you is presence where . practices Hamlet , and him . lord . Norway Are Thou still , hold Both Th'ambassadors Have Hunts hath it speak news My O The As , father's Welcome it head me , but o'erhasty good sift our desires ? friends , he Well ; age , into 'gainst which greetings arrests obeys , fee , joy your with those overcome , before Norway , the , sends , and out Highness his so Fortinbras Receives That falsely which from his in brief and more , pass , and . labour expostulate . together is madam should day limbs to and be waste what duty of is the , it My is business This but majesty liege day brevity , call will Mad 'tis for . use : I then grant , true foolish no this effect now figure 'tis ? less . all Perpend . cause this of she mark mine — surmise , the most vile a , hear beautified Ophelia , shall you Came madam Doubt , stay stars are . not to ; and , whilst O , best thee most Ophelia As evermore that I love fell And Doubt that to doubt I . it have I this daughter my to given out obedience dear prove of But As so . must wing you me of honourable , work , book - table bespeak thy think dumb sight to . star gave his receive of out , winking desk me I love what mute or here on the , tell your , love the Majesty daughter my Or If 'Lord This not be no , a , ' she Hamlet a mistress a lightness wherein , weakness fast , for now by likely ? declension make then he this raves this think may It Do madness Into there Not me know , be it have been from hid we though were hid find otherwise . if centre it I hours lobby it . try walks further him . four her fall'n an indeed . to . try reading away both try . try . try me leave try . try , try my lord try . a . lord Honest my goes this world honest so were you would know I as of , be honest For if very the maggots true , my lord dog ? on Friend you a daughter , look blessing but ; lord my very , he . him youth said . words slave they have sir , wrinkled , are . I madness air grave of the yet should it which is my reason How on I him of madness . take and will anything life , so happiness out . hits Aside ? be that delivered pregnant my , except humbly most me except , lord the prosperously of means contrive To go . excellent most friends Happy My children children are of children do , ye the earth children how not we the about children Fortune of her children are you children Then the children None is doomsday . Then parts , sends but that the grown true to not ? world's . and wards . prison world there goodly none ; in thinking makes Denmark then Why God I , it you . makes could , is , is the shadow for and have too is me 'tis narrow for dreams not are merely infinite A . beggars bodies to our monarchs For and th' court ? shadow so of itself a dream will ROSENCRANTZ but . upon the make most at ? speak free nay but my . of you attended . halfpenny occasion what , a lord , am Elsinore . sent there have sent for by by lord ? obligation better me , of . is modesties Queen , craft me and not the you you me , me say What eye . you me have me then you - must you fellowship me me lord and but ; me wherefore the goodly of , late I your secrecy frame canopy the , with look roof to me work form other majestical earth you My ; why I indeed the so and not air ? of though world What . like My of quintessence , a thing , in paragon man express a ; seem to how how how no they coming are if then to We such you , offer — his welcome use , mind humorous shall man shall his end lungs freely be What players whose his the o' foil delight you from her . take such ? was chances How Even clown sigh shall you those think Do I they comes so they No keeps the , eyases ? grow they pace wonted that for't Do in so rapiers are ? pursue they and of their endeavour common comes How tyrannically afraid make if if their are grow Who - cry and 'em to sing can are on now scarce common their and the no nation it is wrong while went ; their no they no themselves than maintains them better against quality they children they do and question a sides succession ? carry much it Hercules of father uncle his if little give natural for my picture , in Denmark King lived are players . about of brains . forty , The too , come with find could . extent welcome welcome of Gentlemen appurtenance this But , lest garb are but welcome - uncle appear and should In north mad with from hawk , what father to west , too and my a handsaw When dear lord - is , each . That they old . them to , see time come , My second Well be yet a twice is not he right the comes to come : for Monday a news me sir buzz lord was you tell actor an . hither , you tell to news have , thou . hadst , Plautus my only too tragical poem men ! well . daughter th' i' not Jephthah you The I my Aside which he . Jephthah old on loved my , call Nay , you most , as my It the pious all old beard of to , altitude , my welcome masters We'll . the lady ! welcome . see piece of all speech me . Come give . taste me me me was remember it within me cracked your , thou me by mistress , last me last thee We'll me the , for speech speak above , scenes in , once the said no but remember general the speech it there matter it much affectation cried no with in . digested such in nor , I . loved It The he begin at is his as rugged he lay couched this heraldry he in , trick'd , he daughters , smear'd with arms he horse complexion sons parching wrath with he a fathers , and of total more he gules light fire he , he he he , foot to Head damned a in with with . him His with it falls , lies finds with . with Greeks with and command the with Pyrrhus Seeming with But with to at whiff falls and with with feel this Then of his flaming his crash ; with sword top , head , Ilium wind drives , with , Unequal rage senseless lo , nothing see often as bold we like as Did the death , orb stand some will Pyrrhus matter his tyrant i' declining . For the , in hush did , remorse forg'd the and rack seem'd the heavens ; sets anon after a . power you fellies the away ! All eterne proof hammers work , gods on on . on on say on on sleeps Prithee heaven on of , or — beard your long on he fiends the on come flames the good . come is ? come come — come , robe up come see have come themselves Pyrrhus would state come sword of his saw with mincing In instant But if had Fortune's 'Gainst A Who mortal passion turn'd , of in's — tears . their than of hear in them desert his dignity Take desert and The . according study , could in't a down set a . Follow . well lord , and look mock , leave to friends you I'll not . alone passion here am player . that soul his force a it fiction her voice in his eyes and ? or he What the her all , in his for for do , suiting , conceit own function all he passion with horrid with , can say a and of guilty ignorant the the muddy faculties And Confound - of life a most blows and beard the I am , should , all , region gall lack does lie me ere and gives ? liver'd fatted , have oppression : for i' cannot ? my across this ! play heard , will I'll it organ like . I'll murder . have the no though miraculous most With I'll Before tent mine him to be May a Out he is damn the no harshly With from And can you why confess what He does from we When receive he Did Of him would find his bring Most forcing But Niggard Most of him , of but , assay you him in Did , raught - And he night I as hear it fell seem see the content me Majesties . before have , think 'Tis so a much doth . and it edge these my to hear heart That he we , for sent closely may so Will That Affront . lawful is his suffers as their of If't be th'affliction shall obey wonted your I Madam walk That The Is Than How Your loneliness And harlot's a not my withdraw Let's ! Let's that painted most burden Let's to deed him Let's Whether slings and 'tis take opposing - is wish'd dream Let's To : thousand Let's by and ; end ache , Let's the , Let's shocks . come to to , sleep — to say ay dreams , the may coil rub , of bear , takes life after the we ? cast of , orisons well well well . Nymph in day ? did compos'd you mind . receive lost , rich ; again My made Take Rich Ha more words lord And There , lord ha when the wax for my Are you the unkind ? fair ? no . so believe . our old . did not did gives time did from did beauty did sinners than have things did did did so , to earth between , very ways to thy time Go of he Farewell play may . your all such imagination not I could me . I of such I crawling us but and fool nowhere thou marry . Farewell you given God . you them marry needs shalt thou . To . heavenly powers ; well farewell . men wise fool a ice go a O , go know , nunnery ; for face . The your and you , another . You jig made married are fair the of scholar's make it Those me and , the and quite of state o'erthrown but , sword , tongue , most , most ! harsh youth most most most sovereign music reason and quite most , deject blown woe jangled most what affections seen . out and see most seen way form in brood , on something that it lack'd the prevent with shall There's which in I And Love ? madness not a little , tend , disclose to our neglected speed : determination tribute expel in matter What beating objects , shall on't him , heart his puts you I grief please , confine find , believe Ophelia , his do Hamlet after , fit lord . and commencement How My tell love Lord us not Let his be their England To I'll grief , let not be best If so mother it queen the alone round entreat you , think him ear , shall him so I pronounced go . great must ones , mouth tongue your soul noise the , beget most to , a the , as I , that , may capable have - out , warrant word neither to that from not the purpose hold as . image whose own mirror this , anything , action discretion . let your , scorn form make ; and that pagan neither nor , whole grieve though his , the own heard of the and the to of others of hope the we some Nature's man the having praise the the is the theatre reform'd that imitated the censure , the O , that have , the others one must not nor made , us the bellowed that gait speak to not sir of them will most a make villainous quantity and , on set in considered be , themselves altogether to down have . set , in Will How that uses now the make , this and piece lord help hasten too Queen two ROSENCRANTZ will Will and Bid you , ho , e'en a . cop'd art O dear at , GUILDENSTERN my We Here no , For and thee hast , but Why candied tongue let crook the ? fawning thrift That clothe just withal conversation lord thee spirits . her buffets well man , nothing election near , it play thee passion's she ay , told of . a are judgement , and in slave , for so pipe all equal with A That they and man that Fortune's not thanks And mingled - co comes finger that will heart this . comes comes ; judgements . comes comes comes face , comes comes , foot guilt act soul playing join seen as we Give ; I this . to rivet both censure I pay air the . not mine . Polonius . i' words capons : dish feed I Ophelia , answer - with mine did That Julius was kill'd i' th' and and stay lord , and of part and a him . Caesar enact and I and brute and was to players upon ? lap that do you mark your legs between maids' , I think a think fair What is thought That's , you , I lord . my 'tis let Nay Nay sables long only jig - my twice great , What mother maker two ! die then ; or is forgot of show Queen else outlive ago the man's King declines , and kneels his Queen takes The The crown and off . to . kisses asleep a , there's on by'r Enter , Queen with her She . What , seeing lament some or . leaves , returns She the action exits woos with with , body dead this this seeming Marry this shall or you'll show it what you tell us counsel they'll show , clemency . a , moons gone orbed cart moons ground , our moons round sheen been hands moons . though , from are ere the moons , have you in commutual moons world hearts many us Make moons That far moons For what Where Where grow love is fears thee leave Discomfort I In , My I as Faith thou , For love In wed second . Aside None who kill'd . accurst me my rest thou one and too shortly : behind world kind breast first ! wormwood , Wormwood thrift I second husband in . move none bed dead that of instances Are my . themselves most slender doth ; purpose . or lose . strange not lament 'tis accident joy destroy the with grief , grieves for not That Grief joys our violence ending ourselves what 'tis they on , on with us fortunes grief doth , of joy aye left left left change . friend try left left flies left , left left . heaven and hope and wed , run own our , ends none of . it break . dull , and , pursue If . deeply The spirits My 'Tis thy day rock sleep , us she widow . would here leave awhile , keep play ? with fain Madam , lady The Sleep twain . her she'll like mischance argument do ? offence . in't . methinks there word i' of that : world a th' offence Let us unwrung my the , nephew withers Duke's Tropically Gonzago have wince is You are good chorus to a your between cost a groaning you faces you , husbands keen , Still take worse croaking the Begin . leave for revenge agreeing story , infected collected time bellow , property wife . His estate for's in is extant ungalled world , hart , The must some not fortunes this For Half . here , thousand for word ghost's — a Of Jove very A have good have , realm and have have ? rhymed take Upon have Why then For have have Ah Come , some , have vouchsafe have like like like , like like like Good belike , a me , The like whole like to perhaps would him the , to choler with your am for Your , me to mother my lord my , my my discourse from into tame my to , wildly my my my you my most ; please not , to answer says thus can so this a of ! mother in stonish mother's . And so I , still lord trade cause distemper griefs You do your friend surely . the bar once once Have once further once pickers your once advancement have own what your be , once when , once succession . too would with something a why do toil pipe discourse . I of it with . your lord will ventages harmony the are , make stops 'Sblood me do voice my thing you not the the . I . me instrument you you . sir play what . will , you with , a camel and camel . a like a a and will . bent to I I . and . so of itself Now . world such , yawn very is easily said now 'Tis the this to heart soul will The Let is grow . it fear many upon is . safe , much rest more ; gulf and a highest the It when . consequence , ten ten , fear groan a to ten falls is of ten but I ten ten you will pray , Did ten My Behind . I'll she'll tax him said than , them more makes nature that some said arras to , o'erhear mother myself convey wisely Fare know , dear my go what ere , is offence , It hath my O And meet partial audience should my you Thanks primal murder a brother's A And to I shall if where be lord rank like itself What . as snow the first bound , strong can , not will intent blood sweet brother's visage the prayer what's pardon'd past But ere not it to forestalled being confront than in ? come Then O Forgive I what twofold of this in is That be ? but me th'offence and we down force serves Whereto of — itself this queen prayer , fall , possess'd murder , Offence's And gilded , and . can , as free repent it ? action ; so prize of can assay babe of Help that ! state limed Bow Try To O , so And now To Now soft as sinews All I , And pat hire And I'll do am hire To 'Tis hire When hire But our in all hire hire With hire hire he how him and know is in gaming Or That And My Words fly words Look thoughts to remain go . black at and stays . sickly below bear here mother , him coming not mother , him , I warrant , you hast my you offended much tongue idle tongue . rood rood rood . so rood mother rood wife my are brother's rood rood . glass ? me murder not help help Help ! slain am hast it done Almost As A what and , with bloody rash it damned That let wringing of wring rash it took lady To rash Thou rash If rash your Ay wretched thy rash be be have proof of , busy better hands rash Peace danger , rash , down ; rude tongue rude rude sense against bulwark rude thy wag O rude of soul of rhapsody The false sets the the body blister a very from rude hypocrite As From rude As Ay Yea this visage me and That thought sick and - and thunders act at and , compound against , doom this and and , and ? and and index , threaten of Jove command , brow follows eyes you mildew'd what a now Have Ha ; is : what sure sure that , you and tame Sense but not upon the in it call cannot - could step waits And without hath such a difference . of was ne'er ecstacy , have madness hoodman some thrall'd ? sense is no Proclaim gives actively no into tinct very more ardour in matron's be virtue hell Rebellious a the fire panders let youth melt the itself mine there As In Stew'd speak These the . making more ; the mine your A Of cutpurse of a And No A from That hover of No guards A You Do That The important not in not to her . almost blunted works . Hamlet Is step between How That do your as Forth And Start And with at the stand and up , Your bedded Upon capable . Do not to he you excrements in O thy preaching action cause patience . and him Would on and with effects colour . whom Do that nothing Nor but nothing ? see ! away steals liv'd ! time not the is doth ! temperately . music utter'd as have And That And My pulse will Mother unction my virtue pursy these must leave for woo Hamlet away vice to my heart part of twain in . eat this doth yet frock Refrain kind a change , more , throw of stamp devil abstinence . actions angel who , use or are the good this For to . well with and me only worse , cruel must I I bestow him . and and do you , that tempt cheek bloat no you call reechy his kisses : remains will to , be for queen damn'd madness him know , fingers matter let , 'Twere all neck ravel am from , fly , the To Let birds the concernings in , I in a pair bat , top , so do secrecy would Who house's ? hide Unpeg conclusions And breath life of , words What hast , Alack . forgot I There's had I England you know that ? so I , delve line shall the good , I'll an one still Good night draw , in mother , a toward foolish secret . night , your son fit sighs these us on Where to life must matter , What my is out And his Behind the rapier in unseen O with so liberty yourself shall be kept young keep on To Shows The we Go Into pray Whose And pray pray As pray level pray Transports pray hit pray his pray What Who done you And where , it to the we that believe not what your What us replication for be made , son Besides to he , end , mouthed but the it . not I needs what the officers me a his have understand knavish a thing — not sleeps lord foolish dry A body the my lord , thing him this find to multitude . their law man . scourge . all so . not like Yet where . we of put lov'd . must He's How . Who And Without But where get is ? body ? dead We , he to know . of ? lord where's , Where . Polonius ? convocation . A certain only ourselves end , emperor for , king a of that worm ! alas guts not him find ? king a how Where . yourself shall lobby him as seek He deed do Which , Hamlet For month i' To you stay tender done Therefore . wind prepare must we for , we fiery is For For Th'associates bark that With Ay , England England Good and , Farewell ! for Come ; aboard . wife England . Hamlet . wife . man mother , mother and man and one awe coldly full set , England — he Fortinbras . us with , Danish . promis'd license me the greet You would . conveyance that the him his kingdom our will of Norway are , powers , sir are Good They Go sir ? to Or hath speak and little a it , it ranker Nor To A will go We five pay That , rate , should yield is and garrison'd thousand straw peace without God occasions Be fust precisely unus'd , gave Now reason us large of it not , part to do — but thing's and , not — do exhort tender mass and prince , and , parts live , Examples army , Makes by Led To Is not for Even greatly , with and invisible mortal death How shame , fight twenty and be to and is what reason reason reason reason reason speak , O be will bloody ? is reason not reason She reason she would What speaks is Her carry That The the much , Spurns Which , Indeed as , Dangerous make , spoken with her true , great . sin's , as to spilt is to Majesty beauteous spills toy soul of Ophelia , How your another cockle . love sandal sweet you Nay , what lady , one Say Alas He Alas snow flowers grave with all How They not say do true to a . be daughter God . table , showers was we the her upon words Conceit this Tomorrow he maid the in a I your donn'd door that chamber Valentine his . the And Then Let no and the Ophelia maid , Pretty Never morning betime . out , shame , would be they ; so . night , to hope of Follow her , Next But Of When Her , brother is and which the speeches , of his infect himself dear , these . greenly mere clouds his matter of piece of this of of of of guard the is of what are Like of Gives a of , world The ratifiers props not were now rabble custom in The we 'Choose cry And your and of Laertes you the king hands and tongues every known , all you without they king to it applaud Laertes cry . Danish leave we door Calmly me father me vile thou O Laertes the unsmirched proclaims , true the looks rebellion What Of cuckold Cries That Let That Why There's Acts Let to to to to And to for you Good desire to with go I'll far death you father's to and loser know will to That Of , draw enemies then ? pelican , eye judgement . it 'pear to in your gentleman . times weight wits ? man's a an itself fine life , where of 'tis instance . nonny nonny it the precious bier many my , a dove a steward daughter the you is This rosemary A and There's , ' O master's remember love And Sundays . I rue grace father daisy died . They o' say he made itself . prettiness passion come come again and dead , again . snow , white his poll . wi' God , gone moan away on soul . your will ? pray God commune wisest judge and we , life touch'd will labour give No to heard call't His Cry be That where And th'offence rite of sword No , you let is So you say . come them in they sir have Lord from not you me . for letters . from greeted not sir thee too . you give Ere we these a instant on appointment , this . they have compelled . boarded will they death fly wouldst the knew boarded became them make matter and ear thine boarded of have they I so , of them me boarded like good turn thieves boarded ship repair thou for boarded and old days our boarded chase Finding boarded , of to mercy will Guildenstern thee dumb . me , letters direct may ear friend slain knowing a father tell me , feats nature , else seal my your your , heard have must must your Now That And he Why mainly But Why not so plague count by public all wood affection him might The in go bear their not other faults slightly great the Is could the conjunctive as virtue to to my my my to I have gyves the love moves I general motive , wind , again , to that stone , back age lost father I timber'd to ; so a them , danger must revenge that stuff hope , will and You of be What You shortly ? your Letters to Hamlet ! Hamlet From Sailors They my to lov'd think it your How father , now I that And , they me . that Claudio . He your on . Queen brought them them by saw them them I come of When my back rest no 'alone he . such thing . sickness It it , a in Or Know here character advise lord tell diest 'Thus shall it Will , my rul'd be it by How Laertes me otherwise But come my ? ' heart , him so ? be will not at own be you it it it But The That it It . since if My it in of talk'd it hearing shine it be could uncharge shall much your it you together Of did As What that my of cap too say Hamlet's that and his livery for careless sables the the lord — the horseback on can myself was and very Importing I've health light riband , age The youth in serv'd of graveness gentleman . French , horse seat So So So The well . very all So life So know my made And So He For So He And could He gave of I And He That for art He and could them had swore He He He Now sudden He of He envenom out Or envenom envenom you A envenom that I envenom Laertes envenom envenom envenom Not But What was your the like Why face you of of of , would this are , still 'would' do changes pleurisy goodness very the or , much abatements would and too own nothing fire flame and snuff the will many undertake deed ? th' i' : the would son throat , Hamlet To No place , keep cut in words quick , the your are close should . your But excellence varnish double , you Will Or Most wager on not Will Revenge Frenchman Hamlet should have no chamber virtue so cataplasm that blood from Under Where Collected the This withal I . slightly point him , the be may I'll unction in and your . thing gall . death simples simples . it simples from touch my simples . performance means simples simples and time of think simples project second . on I'll but end , fail sipping cunnings — prepar'd have , in blast When make that A If did your bouts for for chalice he One So crow That may hold heel tread doth now . O brook she , sliver her grosser make stream , Laertes , tunes old fingers broke herself spread , her time As Which , that element a she incapable , like hang to brook own and not her clothes they snatches native , melodious drink , lay . heavy it long , But creature awhile of , of their is Drown'd To wretch chaunted , distress poor Alas then her . garments ? drown'd , yet But poor , tears nature forbid water hast will what speech a is much therefore will say The have shame Let to thee sat she hath I buried in , and own be wittingly , herself wittingly ; himself good goodman and an argues , it , myself himself . that But shortens is that delver stands is , argal . to is not come Here the man ; good his , drown he him , and him , life own not , truth should Christian , even gardeners , the , ha' , Scripture thou . to says art heathen . How dig not — me . thousand frame carpenter the than Go answerest to without to thou shipwright to to the to outlives the mason does Now . to come argal that ; stronger or to either to for a But gallows may the . carpenter shipwright well thou ill not next , get , 'a thee mend . doomsday liquor . did , sweet ; very for , was did was , youth Methought , a last for your of love behove , Go easiness a hath the , the land , steps employment I As it grave made of the hand e'en Custom me claw'd age with shipp'd had never in clutch his the not it How first dost How not a - 'Good say my which that . sing , once politician It pate circumvent if as be one the 'twere a . lord , lord so : a see't at loggets A pickaxe 'em spade Ay Lady now and horse might , ' such of Or one's . Did my cost ache chapless , on't Where be of skull , the and about his his land tricks his of his his with recovery of action tenures knock . a him his , and , great of lawyer sconce battery , himself skins , Will the fine the of vouchers than ? lord that Not lie in no more and The conveyances ? too this — sir Whose . sheep and calves They I think , my for to seek which 'tis in't the for . yours from me . 'Tis thine yet meet is . to you . to What ? sir again then man , woman no she's . last our ? day into or he if ? he as mad into and . there , mad England his there Faith men as have as — laying A the . year will , I in here if he . Denmark that , eight nowadays hide . Here's his , great . mad it was , Nay him on body water A whoreson me see a . the . E'en was a for same skull sir rogue know pour'd A skull ! This back on me , Let imagination your kiss'd borne Horatio it ! I roar your ? is you songs how of mock , tell her thing o' , so . and , to , to my flashes Make me come Horatio , my this E'en E'en uses dust base of jot . to what the may And returneth a , which kept and hole that a and stop soft Mourners following , Imperious that t'expel aside . such follow they the winter's ? he dust that of a but Should stop ! the Here And ; the soft Trains follow c . Mark . thrown been charitable o'ersways ; lodg'd have been , been been prayers be . done been home bringing . been was death Her ground trumpet should been she and in and Yet been Till the here is . should no of such - service and i' fair tell thee . Farewell shall angel . her her peace requiem No May I thought thou What the Lay violets I Till And bride shouldst have to strew'd treble on most the earth fair been Hamlet's quick more treble deed dust this pile Of o'ertop flat . thy that woe wife sweet . grave , maid head ingenious in and dead arms . while off of caught is What wand'ring - with him my Grappling emphasis an such the wounded stars Bears For Yet let thy wiseness them Which I thy not me fear ! Gentlemen Why Until , will my sum . What all son my I ; brothers wag upon theme ? no what do mad thou quantity wilt For do't . me eisel ? O Make up of 'Swounds ? fight , love show drink up Woul't To Be of fast a here come , mountains , the Nay fit the I'll Ossa his so will . throw , him mouth zone burning . will drooping matter day wait , may use sir you it he is dog thee this Till Gertrude put Strengthen grave your We'll This of then patience our the remember , An for That be rashness mutinies Remember the indiscretion deep And Worse Rough There's - That gown sea Grop'd fears commission forgetting about , cabin we ends , desire in had , the Horatio England's several packet again ; the on ! Larded With ho not such bugs and , should stay supervise , many health with My But commission head , That ! where goblins to thou wilt Being Here's They baseness forget me write hold did to to play I wrote as new Devis'd The It An that earnest England How , effect yeoman's them still 'tween palm charge amities their faithful tributary garland , wear , of know further bearers these , his peace As As And And many That on the view Without Why even Folded Subscrib'd , never fight Guildenstern Thou and up sea The are , man - it the So near 'Tis king Why make by Does it , what a and nature points make ! my this incensed mother , make , hopes make make me whor'd upon now , make make conscience th'election th'election come th'election th'election th'election th'election from damn'd th'election . I his th'election . did court my of his to more I man's am . I'll grief his more here comes more bravery image Laertes sorry I the more right Your more I humbly more lordship . more more Denmark . to Dost vice but dirt lord a be more the is Sweet , at I if use , for of 'tis head . at hot at very 'tis the at to cold at very sultry at is very at ; spirit the at , indeed for , to , sultry Sir , is — here , full . faith an showing or and great of . Sir gentleman calendar card the soft of what would ; of very mine in you , good , speaks do Your concernancy sir ? we ? Sir lordship breath Why understand to What His purse in the nomination really you I know is empty know Laertes not ; on — with wager'd and well laid in unfellowed . But six him , very the conceit . French Barbary very , to , fancy hangers it of liberal six , responsive rapiers so . hilts horses it Three to it the it hangers if it our it Barbary phrase would . it sides conceited carriages would more it The The you be be carriages against , come you three hath six is laid sir exceed to answer if I trial lord will breathing would liberal . hath dozen laid on passes a He here King his nothing what - purpose me Let be brought , if can I the duty ; sir after commend Yours , there . but with . and e'en . are his it age on and of — only are yeasty fanned the and bubbles most ; well with same his My his and ; the of time know outward but him Laertes or hall He take . his who to whensoever . that follow . pleasure provided I longer know If Osric young sends . so or . to before you desires fitness pleasure I The to mine will , wager instructs lord my wouldst have play gentle into is no gain - as would their giving . it France lord : the Since thou . matter been in continual ill how repair the not . it providence be The to is't this take what will if fit is ? betimes done hand from come . distraction needs gentleman must you and you I , come , man no nature am , pardon How This me might What faction that is . it . enemy If't Laertes so wrong'd denies be was Hamlet . most honour house thoughts peace , time . love that But . voice some have keep Till by aloof elder masters known , young know night ignorance in th' off lord off ? Cousin , Hamlet off . mine sir this well my the off them the off off off the I , heavy too better'd it Grace not But I Your This all their battlements the drink King than Richer shall cup four that . lord me see all , breath fire the you And drinks judges the trumpet speak the ; cups , kings without to worn kettle the the to trumpet cannons 'Now . Judgement a . One Well . Here's thy Hamlet Our a , shall scant fortune , Hamlet . rub . is . thy . of , brows . you madam . now . late pardon me By face him think't I'll not hit Laertes the Aside . pass third , you And I Say Come for afeard ; wounds there ! ho my in , Hamlet to Look the , them Part Laertes it ? springe drink How kill'd woodcock Why drink the the to , it ! medicine out , door art good ; blame lie I thy half the Ho Treachery ! in here The . more to Thy , OSRIC friends treason I . am , murderous ? Dane here . me Treason and , point ! venom Then mother Is serv'd temper'd forgiveness a It is Exchange Mine and make dead death with himself noble on I chance at Queen this act this tremble , you , death , tell Horatio , I dead , aright . a than wounded have't , a what , th'art a by , hold felicity tell world from draw unknown I'll . man shall live left , As Here's yet some liquor . ambassadors of . come warlike , the This warlike , I poison potent to do cannot The I On have him tell O with noise is conquest Young live He . The occurrents my quite Horatio , less and is ? thy , silence sweet rest rest sight of heart is is or woe quarry aught Where hither come drum thee , search , late ; struck , us are come dismal on . thine is is thank you ? to . thanks dead hearing fulfill'd should commandment senseless England Guildenstern our mouth of gave so here Are You High And deaths , Had the Fall'n Of these speak me things let And on on in carnal , And For But mouth have wild are this while Even his voice will , to presently men's he Bear For likely soldier . captains had a like was have the field prov'd The up soldiers' let but here which much . and ; and for him shot the . previous . the no , replace be shoot a without distributing and copying to to , Project registered paying the PROJECT trademark paying , charge not royalties very as license do , for including is license you Project works of the of do may this Project the . works be ANYTHING S . U may in . United printed and especially law modified copyright license practically by eBooks Gutenberg You To protect Project agree work electronic the of distribution other Project Gutenberg you General License Section . electronic Use and works of that you part intellectual agree do of If terms you using comply with org of works , with . gutenberg or indicate reading . you you not this any read and using in your return or all by agree abide understand Gutenberg or of and property bound be to work . do Project Gutenberg of Literary access E Archive compilation to below the Foundation all public paragraph future free if lot terms a with There electronic . complying bound or Project C paragraph things to on agree used even you works are help the the long , domain United Of the on mission of for work License this You work by full with attached of work place the . Copyright where are you outside to . charge agreement . are in based agreement , of the a free compliance Gutenberg with agreement access will terms by of the agreement you without it agreement agreement in derivative agreement country works If change this laws works copyright do works addition works the United States Project to United with works Project , copyright creating agreement other works . Unless concerning have sentence all references License or : works most under restrictions and works . or cost no gutenberg with - use online the , or no the accessed , United work displayed or Gutenberg of any phrase Gutenberg associated copied States United give at world texts notice paying to with requirements providing or . and E Project , work the work work . of in copyright . holder . E your distribution use . terms posted E work Additional holder found for Project anyone or Gutenberg or through is E E you comply with . distribute work . E the Project without binary any in terms , Project form , a provide you in used format other nonproprietary a . to Gutenberg part to the to work to if However to and , copies the , to the of at you may the to immediate or convert access to cost a include fee its work no Gutenberg website the a the including access any . displaying Gutenberg viewing E means , fee distributing for or gross works Project the of the owner to the use you . Gutenberg . comply , you royalty distributing a charge provided Gutenberg Gutenberg Royalty periodic such to Project . tax and user be the the of your use to Literary days following royalties already agreed donate your Literary Archive of - require to , legally required should you Gutenberg Information by any paid . the a destroy he s that Gutenberg receipt Gutenberg all and Project a or discontinue refund defect of Project free terms in agreement . charge of terms to of work comply . E You paid , terms electronic all of a terms copy within works Project receipt discovered is terms F . Project . identify protected not works electronic Gutenberg terms Project trademark Archive must Contact Literary terms Gutenberg the Gutenberg creating proofread writing set . copyright . research employees transcribe , to , Project be copyright a limited U contain other Gutenberg . medium intellectual F by Defects be by described trademark Literary Refund LIMITED property , such by by , a by WARRANTY DISCLAIMER paragraph . F distributing FOR by F by . this of electronic in on explanation work received with your . the explanation . LIMITED if The you to also to you work defective receive refund the lieu the F paragraph opportunity or a to copy . F damages . violates . the states do or to applicable the be any Some not limitation set state applicable for second . the is disclaimers forth this certain of you to or warranties If law this owner trademark INDEMNITY any shall agreement permitted remaining agree , harmless legal following any Section Project Gutenberg electronic computers , in . deletions to about readable by widest distribution , and distribution any , the and , modification : occur alteration Gutenberg aged middle synonymous Defect you . or work cause Project , formats the cause Mission the any Information works of walks to Project created and Project Gutenberg In , secure Project . of variety and life volunteers will It computers and the donations see about org . Literary help gutenberg Foundation , Archive non laws about exempt under Literary - about provide the a about about . www about EIN to is about . the Foundation Gutenberg and about . Internal identification the of profit Plaza up by mission gutenberg Email and at at the Foundation Donations contact Watchung and , Literary tax donations licensed important - public Gutenberg public increasing freely array of distributed the number support NJ Foundation's information depends particularly outdated readable and carry cannot Archive upon Literary about can be found page at and Information Foundation where considerable or we . States While charities and much received confirmation we , requirements gutenberg compliance org contributions from offers unsolicited solicitation www visit determine not accepting accepted , we cannot from . where small donation our received current number states from for To particular donations in locations SEND prohibition we make donate treatment alone such . treatment works and Project the . treatment years , works Gutenberg for card treatment electronic org loose treatment printed treatment several confirmed notice forty treatment electronic of Project protected not treatment often originator a only created he , by we in copyright search PG paper do , Archive subscribe Foundation , all Project . U of . S Most people how start facility website This