there me answer Who's Nay King and ? Get relief I am thanks live He carefully most Have mouse good guard quiet . and make bid Horatio . night watch . them hear I think you ? this of you I Friends Give you night good night to And to , has , is there , Holla honest O Say Welcome this A , has him Horatio That us if watch I sight again have this Touching to our approve Therefore the entreated of night us of , appear to ears , hear of speak we Barnardo the , his same Had break , Peace . figure thee Look same not Question a scholar it Most spoke It thou . Did By majesty of . to with it fear like Looks would that is . stalks ! charge away I , speak , See Is Of something will You on't than mine it Before now twice With Thus what in bodes scope and , strict and some But In frown'd Good this why And Why the stalk down eruption tell and same of to me of Sunday , joint the that night divide toward can - labourer ? the haste sore knows . that land observant , state most of subject And Why might be mart of me . sweaty Our with that inform ; appear'd pride him ; same , young article , of list and skirts mettle a in't a well diet Norway , is enterprise other hand state to , resolutes and head but in land . by strong , it : figure King . the the I portentous wars these , dead . sheeted fell ; star moist eclipse , stands the still fierce with empire of streets Rome state palmy in the almost like Unto heaven Have And even the our I'll Was Upon whose sick with and trains If hast it , ease , demonstrated me grace art thou to there That , if thee be But , soft it any Speak may Which thou they you speak , to thing be , me to country's may in and death , with Stay in treasure O ! oft it earth life , in speak , Stop here not my stand , air majestical , guilty thing have the a when , show it This on To his faded Whether The And it god confine the Doth with sea , earth and Th'extravagant But So This spirit you needful in our loves fitting for us , to Hamlet ; will life to , it , advice my seen my with , pray we I acquaint , Where of be memory To far so be our yet , and , sorrow with contracted green Cornelius bear we Though The hearts with wisest hath To Hamlet , our in grief brow it that and woe nature kingdom , defeated warlike now state joy . Fortinbras our dole gone barr'd marriage herein freely thanks , writ hears for of : him message with those bonds meeting have this bed and his , and father the by weak this disjoint our to dream pester his of . surrender with , is uncle rid we valiant of time is young of So , in ; herein full , his Giving bearers good , Cornelius you is the , further , this greeting of gait this The Out subject lists of is no and with to Farewell and further is His You For is that ; is , In doubt And We You now You us of speak reason . what's , voice wouldst some cannot not offer What of suit news What nothing , than the duty show . power scope our . you , Laertes ? thy Laertes . heart thou throne more is the , thou my of Denmark to your shall head hand native be it to , beg Dane , the to the the father Laertes mouth thy wouldst and whence Your show now my I favour To Yet What Than my your , My hath Have And thoughts father's wishes came return to willingly duty gracious again that your in I toward Denmark my last be time consent go thy spend seal'd from leave him at , leave , Hamlet graces I , you He petition give cousin my best thy And little , thy . I beseech now Upon his hour more kin than son ! will hard thine my Laertes my ; to leave , it , slow — sun . off and you fair hang I much still clouds A the and than , it How my for common through for thy 'tis , that father madam Ay noble like thy Hamlet it it nature , not it Why particular Passing , look eye thine Do Seek know'st let Good in thy a cast cloak , my suits of solemn , thee with ; of breath the I forc'd river Nay madam 'Tis Nor the Together Seems seems so inky eye is indeed ; grief the truly actions have I For That that denote can they are which a all with , customary suspiration dejected that moods of alone Nor nor and the . me Nor it ! No trappings in your his and lost father , might woe father ; to a your your These play . passeth forms sweet But That In obsequious for mourning , to nature of Hamlet ; heaven , persevere But sorrow some , mind is a understanding incorrect father term bound must these , the duties lost lost course survivor , grief , unschool'd . condolement . a vulgar must it For what shows In most An A From reason corse so of must unprevailing . absurd dead Fie ? heart Why A first any we know simple the be As To to toward dearest . For love take of you pray We ' ; most which impart is Do And beseech most going It Here In are a whose still think and till and son , Wittenberg . Wittenberg his earth throne intent remain , son our our to bend you all thee not and of As back . madam , obey and Denmark a 'tis This to gentle Why No health and in best prayers Hamlet Madam of whereof , and , today clouds shall Come . grace bruit in heart I ourself the great Sits too that jocund my King's - Re this But cannon to the Denmark unforc'd resolve earthly the speaking Thaw Seem , self and . away ! God ! world fix'd nature . slaughter fie things rank an this garden ! in should 'tis of ! to uses stale seed . nay , and flat not dew melt unprofitable O , on earth heaven ! grown hang of was . Heaven would had ! this this two ! woman month old ! is were father's , and within appetite ! gross ; it grows ! her remember to But Niobe With Like not it me My Had Ere Than Would She left I have father's O what little think A , A she , or — Hercules salt in most galled to flushing of Within that dexterity With mourn'd brother to yet my wicked married is break But glad must ! tongue my sheets eyes month a tears , to post hold to . see you well myself friend . lord forget ever do , And or poor , I I'll , that from make am disposition . Sir The change good . so say my your that truster do truant I very , yourself is not glad good make Wittenberg see to Nor would Against To A But make shall faith sir ? Wittenberg — Good , from even truant , lord , of ear hear you Thrift lord my to see your me mother's - depart Elsinore are your report funeral . student upon fellow wedding . meats hard . follow'd , The the forth it day , Horatio met mock , was it , had coldly ever I , that see . Horatio eye . bak'd ; goodly yesternight his like lord I had In once , seen was my father Where My my ? Horatio mind's a not take he a . all for I ? while a ! father admiration your , your for father . again him may gentlemen , to . these This Upon Season For me nights With attent marvel Two the lord King of deliver , pie walk'd father - solemn , eyes , the on middle figure them them A with , exactly waste Barnardo , you love these the witness God's Marcellus In Armed and , night he , This kept they fear to act both true secrecy fear before slow Goes Been thus By length third deliver'd word more comes , not , march distill'd to watch time good and , this knew your . in the where hands My not , The of Where And , the are not thing as with I motion up made My But then answer It These Itself even lord But platform morning the none head , you the And , where lifted lord And sound it it , like to lord down of Indeed And I cock But 'Tis do Arm'd We Hold , did we and MARCELLUS let you sirs . it , my , lord top indeed , say do , Arm'd Both look'd he wore , not he his . or , more sorrow , saw A O Nay , very pale ? red upon ? than And fix'd ? long much would would eyes constantly Longer longer a While like one I Very , BARNARDO might like very when . no hundred . I was beard His grizzled will I it me it If bid Upon requite And Our it an 'twixt the your tenable be it whatsoever Give will as , play my : would , soul earth in the you ! will well ; winds you from do the youth a and trifling in primy of fashion permanent favour . blood , lasting that of sweet a his ; not minute , nature . more of Perhaps he and so of waxes , now , fear his birth his do state circumscrib'd his on health ; as subject ; cautel but mind own you doth not you ; further no place it he says of choice his of persons depends be for unvalu'd , choice this yielding so your head and far particular which , To it he is Then . saying unmaster'd rear strokes spring be morn beauty , keep Out If If lose Ophelia it , importunity your my your moon , this But , good good way of rebels to not shall I watchman Do me as the my th'effect Himself I long , not path puff'd . ungracious thorny dalliance libertine , heaven and his of like steep best itself heart my reckless fear But second , Occasion a aboard , of your a here O upon shame . in . sail is . double not own And you thou these Give character blessing . friends thou thou here Yet And . precepts the wind Look Of But them familiar any few unproportion'd thy thy . you no means no with soul hatch'd but reserve , voice buy thy . in . entertainment ; steel unfledg'd palm thy that man And This each Bear't Take th'opposed man's And canst Are And not the select and generous and husbandry . as your as tend to , as . as . day true man as . any to season leave in this , my thee as my blessing , you go as servants keep and said memory keep key of the keep it you touching keep hath oft you most of Lord keep keep hath Ophelia something keep Have As that If is't , he , late yourself honour so I your truth me a . on clearly . you made . green circumstance speak to the think . you you yourself , what , lord between my Pooh believe not , I'll are , Running Or Which — to not , wind of the poor phrase , with me fashion yourself . as tenders lord such perilous , a ; for tenders have sterling not My fashion And Ay to the blood burns , heaven . woodcocks holy blazes , in both do vows his call of speech importun'd it to daughter , time , Ophelia he they their which vows dye mere implorators ; larger so Set scanter parley may few show brokers walk ; Hamlet young , suits unholy for a you beguile and is any with from , This he maiden , lord words so slander the come Hamlet . forth ways obey Have As is a It air bites lacks , walk then not shrewdly ; an season It held mean Keeps King And Indeed The wassail - No it think of ? born pledge ; native is revel marry a , the clepe More And my mind Ay and his thus it of am I his it than the - us This to , custom height takes nations west mole So their Since That in , some choose marrow in not , his wherein of perform'd it . pure as man As Or vicious attribute men reason o'erleavens much forts they pith and chances it oft some of the — The scandal . or ! a his or censure may Fortune's that — grace or it , or comes or defend or of my lord grace , we ? ponderous do That ponderous burst me Let To thou thee op'd we Have Why Making ponderous if you ? our reaches thoughts ponderous night thus dead up ponderous and marble again ponderous corse did impartment go Wherefore ponderous you some it courteous more a what alone desire with it ground ? it To speak Do not No not go . to It should my set life can the be , soul not my Why And Or to tempt summit into the , the I'll what forth you toward the form other sovereignty if That dreadful his some of reason it . that it itself ? to pin's fear ? fee , lord beneath to every Think flood my . follow of toys into your you Without . go , not your shall off artery fate I hardy as the petty each makes And By ! I'll away I'll that . hands My Still Be rul'd ; heaven say , am As He follow imagination obey no . go . render ghost is Whither I shall serious hearing flames ! Mark I bound up almost sulph'rous I will up When hour up I thou To to when . up to term , in , up night walk fast in father's , up me Speak What , Pity Are Doom'd And Till To I could like and ; from thy lightest house , forbid nature of am - of confin'd thy spirit young their , stand part to But crimes purg'd a hair soul away and burnt hair secrets the harrow Thy quills and flesh of ears hair blood eternal must , dear List on . hair , be , murder hair ! most unnatural is ; hair hair as swift the , that sweep That And thou be than of thoughts I in the foul most know't me Murder As shouldst , or meditation the . weed , me given May Haste A by but Now With O of his , his Rankly will seduce my — Hamlet to of falling what me wicked incestuous traitorous have shameful was off seeming won wit ! gifts it But whose in , it and gifts to love most with that , went Upon those To I sate , it shape radiant in prey methinks me let Will And Sleeping to with - made Though ! custom Upon juice With And My be my in Brief itself secure of always an quicksilver with , uncle my a afternoon scent porches enmity alleys of my it instant most a And Thus was - sudden and distilment hebenon in of courses So tetter loathsome account . horrible head to , in , all With reckoning made at brother's hand of . incest , of off Unhous'led crown , sleeping I No horrible the luxury of thee imperfections even disappointed horrible of of most body by a of , of unanel'd once queen of sent not But for hast of Cut couch thou in but of not let leave her well What Remember adieu the matin near heart fire thee Fare , The prick and those mother mind thy worm pale , But Ay you bear of adieu to Against all my not Hold ! me couple the globe , O heaven And thou and volume all observation away youth thy the , all book by , I ! smile Meet villain most trivial Remember grow thee seat ? At uncle I , sure there adieu , and be a word ' . my brain heaven ! villain may so my me down is it set Now to Denmark it . be secure it Hamlet , I . Heaven . lord ho , Within Within Illo O What news noble is't , my bird . lord , by it reveal once man lord be ? think it . and villain he's my without hold I You us more that business so , Such , this , right the hands point shall desire ; sorry Yes wild but are , is It And For much Saint There's as it — pray and you , whirling faith heartily offence desire may friends me as to Patrick there Horatio lord ghost no . is , me is . Touching what know good tell now and us you , tonight swear't will , you scholars lord one my ? We have . not seen . we MARCELLUS not . truepenny . you . seen have . shift Beneath . hither hands my we'll again Then of speak Hic Never lay et your this my old pioner Well said Swear you . heard . mercy wondrous friends , meet — But , would' might' , we shall shake never , if and head — you do to not this — or some phrase you , Swear your commend . aught , With 'If As arms encumber'd or Swear . friending go ; help most need , together time still willing May Rest a a all And a I was a . Reynaldo . a , right . cursed a in ; sir , question , inquiry to , lord My company know particular 'twere , some and , Before you Of ; what well I his . behaviour , and . finding Look Danskers means what and son will . nearer touch come drift very , That how What By as As this And part But Addicted forgeries , him may , But As 'And dishonour and take ; companions youth if't sir Ay Quarrelling are wanton such far . swearing , him the or gaming To ; and lord , may noted drinking , That he may to breathe taints fiery liberty , outbreak , his a assault meaning not , that scandal of lord that . it season of the but faults , sir , Marry believe Wherefore should my Your 'twere party youth in , on drift warrant son working th' sound , assur'd ' addition be , this of the , converse thing Mark guilty or ; you or country in you would ; or the ! ' . 'gentleman , marry ' , gentleman — forth tennis' , a at or takes falsehood brothel out of carp . of of me have lecture windlasses you By by indirections of of bait do we directions advice reach bias . assays not ? yourself lord ply music . I shall my my . matter the so . unbrac'd chamber , his - with I lord I what Hamlet , his as No lord hat Ungart'red his , shirt a down and with had of if he his so loosed comes before hell , my My speak horrors know truly ? fear I held all arm his me hard brow my of of thus perusal face the it . Long shaking little o'er a his to other the rais'd thrice would draw head thus his lets shoulder all bulk , such of his , me the love of property very I went way without their on , itself fordoes — of words I passion natures mad him heed desperate will as access That am in the younger love utter to for ourselves as . I did lord ; me . denied command , did age but kept move . Guildenstern to you you heard , Something ; The Since nor Resembles Moreover . of have Hamlet's we we , hasty th'understanding thus be , him thus . gather to and unknown within , men pleasures so rest days of that , from dream occasion by here youth I I , And To draw him on to neighbour'd since much from time your in up to with him your please living of talk'd there it and awhile you , hope gentry much your supply As Your As expend and am , lies open'd I For to power Both dread Than We the obey both full into more sovereign the To with a Might Put your Thanks , To remembrance receive shall fits ourselves gentle bent Rosencrantz Guildenstern . of visit , and , practices to Hamlet is and , and . you and bring I , and Heavens and and and from , return'd . Norway amen good gracious King good my sure of father Are hast my I I Both And it Hunts do to the joyfully good , so ? my I to admittance the to cause to do Give that O do grace fruit , me queen them my of and all that to , tells The and He of My shall very I no your sweet death is our son's Thyself , fair Most doubt father's His head It against better His our look'd Highness , in , he in , and appear'd , obeys fine arrests , more brief Norway your never , arms age sickness ; uncle against overcome Norway th'assay vow from his Receives give whereat 'gainst into which your hand ; falsely so was a first , he out which levies be To preparation On With an his borne To him old before herein against those Majesty in , and to are your might you for safety of set to more consider'd we'll and at our , think Through it to give further quiet pass to soldiers the to commission as levied And On to Most we'll thank your rest to That took : read business this upon Go What is day liege Why Therefore Were will , And day business should , be but true son noble Your for is outward night to expostulate be , duty art . nothing go mad time is is and soul madness . time , mad and ; to the less that . night since But , 'tis matter Madam Mad I nothing tediousness it define is the , call 'tis out find let pity mad grant , cause by the the : with to — effect this of . will . true for cause then I it we That daughter , But Mad is no use figure 'tis him defective obedience soul's , Now gather and ; is beautified , surmise Ophelia a remains cause . defect , and a have phrase : idol — have the and this vile phrase . Who For , her whilst most a madam from ; be shall hear the you my vile but that Thine dear evermore I . As they I love ill But Doubt more given hath whilst be doth I awhile Doubt Doubt never , above she fell truth out And in All This But Ophelia , most to love I best this O numbers I Adieu him , me his time But a so might ? faithful his ear by , by obedience , hath Before I I my perceiv'd prove . hot me I you do means As fain As my dear daughter had Or play'd If man But what think , dumb work : mistress a I thus a young you upon heart it , I must love what and this , I idle mute or told When here , you that queen would the seen This must not my is . messengers took herself advice , round bespeak star . her — raves a , weakness , declension fast that I'd , time , she into repulsed And Hath otherwise Not If , I prov'd a It think Do you 'tis this so . likely , four indeed . circumstances hid it will find . that this it further together this if from may he ? hid I though walks loose and behind his no I I'll fall'n thereon to state , not arras him . me leave ? lord fishmonger know well God - good . beseech you Lord my presently does How , Well Excellent Do I Then Honest as , sir would you honest be to For . not say you And gone me How walk sun may daughter i' sun in a , a the at this Words was a I Aside harping fishmonger on is to't . you for is love , extremity ? lord who , the matter have you crab and amber most I thick — like a . there grave my walk this Will could contrive the so not ! yourself Indeed replies sanity My You sir except my withal , good friends how thou How ! lord ? dear dear both Ah , dear Nor we dear indifferent Rosencrantz excellent dost lord ! ye dear Guildenstern . dear dear my favours her ? my ? my news , O Then her , her , my lord my , Neither or the middle . a Let ? true we in my Faith my What , that , Prison my ? sends your , secret world's true , at hither deserved , dungeons . is for ; you to goodly one Denmark's ; in Denmark not o' th' ; one it so To are is , be your infinite , space could bounded were , itself ambition hold merely indeed ambitious dreams Which Truly , Shall but beggars . are I our so a a and . the make you of my ; outstretch'd . attended for fay I , servants rest dreadfully upon We'll you wait not honest , no a free but thanks it ; halfpenny visitation you . you not is craft not ; have you and sent have were , looks your . inclining too Come What But know . say should purpose we speak Queen my ? modesties and , enough to of anything . of by and or no love sent hold , you ? sent an , we King ; lord My . you wherefore why the and I then Nay to all , goes heavily look me is , how with a , and foul golden you And say , this what , me no smiling delights a than thing a , most firmament no other this excellent goodly exercises this appears paragon of animals . not stuff me' thoughts delight said 'Man in , what , way have use coming you if receive , did My , then your by though He of make say lady were you such city What laugh her for't . take to wont those mind players , both of ? they , Do ? they not are pace there now fashion of that — them are they the it How their , and of most little tyrannically clapped , in keeps afraid common than no are means them better on sides was their against unless to much to do controversy poet and both There player there tarre has much Is't lord . is my for than his lived in give , picture , philosophy if my ducats in something hundred at strange there a is him ; this fairly Gentlemen appurtenance , outward welcome should more - west handsaw . lord aunt is ? dear and father my . In what hawk and you see Guildenstern you is Well When from a , there time second come a to comes to a the of Monday news When . buzz tell to come Buzz Then his actor — or , my . you was Roscius an lord comedy history either either , for men ! either either ? and Israel either The What he loved my daughter more lord hadst . the either either . old I , on which had treasure daughter Why , passing , have . I love , a . follows , lord God know , it . show as , pass my abridgement will lot Why , chanson old and As It of , welcome . Com'st By'r the We'll speech , falconers ring God to ? my when I since valanc'd see to face am thee like , What , you nearer is chopine cracked not altitude , gold to . ladyship your of to't French give passionate a , quality . lady thou e'en the a , the to What speech I , lord . not acted pleased it the if , never — as in phrase , Pyrrhus ominous black let , it : line Priam's an the honest than fine Dido see slaughter to tale did . a daughters , Head horridly trick'd sons light , gore Pyrrhus , streets fire , accent , antique , wide , falls fell strikes rage ; match'd His , his Unequal it flaming . stood head , thunder Pyrrhus' after anon heavens the in bold hush And the did The And So Of As as winds we reverend Priam his Did tyrant will rack and below , and him so pause too . as nave spokes synod round bowl , On sets vengeance Cyclops' , With the , gods you heaven is or 'The good up That's for He's shall It Run With Where instant Unless the Fortune's lank and treason did pronounc'd , limbs , sport eyes not them the passion his not , have out the rest and in things Who had state would tongue in venom . in's let . brief of of the time . eyes has all , then her — heaven of at make his mincing When she saw Pyrrhus her that , colour move with no , epitaph live according your , used well well And well better will I for thee turn'd has My After , the abstracts a bad , Good them hear . desert desert , and . a Come old the more , We'll sirs them to them your them after man their own after is hear deserve man , bodikin should they whipping less Follow , thou hear We'll , which Dost merit tomorrow , lord mock I'll you , speech some of Can my could You lord I lines me To Guildenstern are and Follow . till that sixteen dozen and alone . peasant dream wi' ye . him . leave not , am friends welcome own wan'd I . good My God b' Good what it a force his and , soul , monstrous , so , O from forms Tears That his eyes broken With him conceit his voice , her Could Is he have in For to , drown and the guilty general He ? I That A to Hecuba should he ear and he to for his his of a so Hecuba ? in's visage nothing distraction his the with not rascal ears and eyes muddy - The Confound , nothing a ignorant property dreams and - can Upon was Am most faculties very John for amaze . my unpregnant mettled say A damn'd calls my beard off whose by villain me A Like And , and and the to Ha I , it , oppression pigeon deep as it I I - bitter all region ere and me th' life , peak , across of a king for ? i' in blows gives , does fatted Bloody the lack be gall or : words , lie my this this cannot ! with Foh upon't like unpack dear vengeance Oh ass the , lecherous , father and heart , have a ! play , heaven ! slave's an cursing Fie of that scene heard no , the at ! the proclaim'd the soul , presently malefactions sitting cunning . murder my these tongue have of the Play I'll They Have , my brain I a by revenge , whore my power blench perhaps will father looks have his yea weakness , spirit that and my shape The the such . but , devil course to mine , their organ miraculous struck by . uncle most Been have to the the my damn . devil hath I spirits I'll . me something know Abuses . the of The grounds thing , have with play's and than catch I'll can With all of of drift the . himself lunacy , quiet dangerous and why you circumstance sounded keeps on aloof by ? confusion puts no Nor from When like bring turbulent cause do But much Did would true well ? madness . reply but , be to . confession to state you Did him you Madam . his disposition , demands , of his pastime players they before court of certain any our ? him joy told these the order we . to fell They , play most ; all my heart think seem the out way are . entreat inclin'd these your . further a Majesties edge much . delights me content true so too may , here my , frankly espials purpose , gentlemen Good That judge he as thus his or you suffers behav'd love lawful Sweet we he Affront Gertrude closely bestow gather And Will for wildness your cause wish , I happy hope Ophelia . do way wonted his to him bring Will Hamlet's That your good : so of ourselves may That th'affliction seeing unseen , no , please I virtues you on colour , this book visage in — of ourselves — show much . Madam Of , I shall To your wish may . honours , Read devotion's ! art it , most true my conscience blame sugar this himself too with to do O heavy harlot's deed be coming my painted Let's Whether slings to nobler of , mind arrows that question the sleep ? against be Or to , opposing by I And is and ; sleep To , perchance ache and end take flesh to — For To more wish'd to When in Must give sleep that have Devoutly The No be arms not in or and we would who calamity makes love , dispriz'd heart heir To what pause wrong insolence The That The bear the 'tis , there's the rub , life scorns and . off a die . death so respect coil may dreams long time , contumely man's whips of . death after cowards that might us undiscover'd returns the hue of might all not ills the weary these quietus the would of whose we might , have , of might , resolution of turn currents their ! the regard great pith might awry might lord ? thought now and Soft moment for , orisons of name all How does ; my Good Ophelia fair The lord , this many of have well yours , did for aught you so ; unkind compos'd you . lost mind noble their well , receive remembrances . I honest . lordship ? lord made As There , lord discourse your beauty be ; Could Ay his , truly , power than the of This likeness into it , You stock not nunnery ; Why was the but more yet deceived wouldst I borne a could shape , am very such sinners of of things proud have earth thy none of me accuse beck . I . fool . my , he that may you ! not needs you of . you if plague you the Be you amble . all you but , wantonness your you married you . are are hath , well restore powers make no marriages what noble is here , eye , a , Th'expectancy shall Go lisp , more shall , the mould fair tongue , form state and music deject his sovereign harsh , reason , sword , is . it There's . and of tune what not melancholy which he O I something sits doubt like ? His T'have Love spake be what do jangled feature of have hatch with expel heart , affections Was Will the This Whereon fashion do shall something brains of variable . his origin neglected The With I For it seas well settled demand From . and We . It their plac'd , let best wisdom England Your in . great . you , air the the , too . go not so ; shall be shall unwatch'd of ; pated ears nothing whirlwind the fellow split periwig may spoke you mouth , town But if I robustious may but use lines as Nor not players trippingly to , do passion , your your honour . who dumb o'erdoing own but , the to . avoid to the you to noise - have Herod own tutor your this both with be for Pray modesty , of nature image pressure unskilful the laugh , must the though whole others off overdone not Be Suit so action neither ; not of playing as the , the , very nature make the I nor , bellowed . them have that made humanity men of Christians that neither others of , be players not no will then laugh that speak sir ready Go villainous That's And Bid the help them . presently ? the Will the haste two ROSENCRANTZ We ho , Horatio What man service flatter'd pomp knee hear poor , spirits thee ; I lord should from choice thou the absurd ? nothing been election suffers that was may Since As one seal'd my And thrift Hath In That Hast in , stop with , I , It , Even with a uncle , damned not itself thou have , when , told thee , prithee , the . mine it see'st Observe Do imaginations our censure will both his of . this , the , Enter our Get How crammed - Excellent I , nothing i' fares cousin , Polonius , air mine . the . actor accounted Capitol ? Brutus enact th' there Be killed . do you ! the Lady O ho shall , my my my , I meant nothing That's think lie my What , lord Nothing . within's but father and . my mother my cheerfully , let die Nay 'tis devil outlive and , my . What then heavens great ! horse makes - her . the forgot whose may the two months two build upon , the some with with lament . Queen Queen , crown seeing and head asleep , finds King Mutes is love lord mischief . awhile away carried ? keep play players . fellow this show it I'll , beg play meant show this show Will by shall We , You naught him . naught naught mark are , naught 'Tis naught , your stooping to of a . naught posy brief or lord , thirty times salt About Make So But That far distrust For what Where And I Discomfort as Now little Where love , In neither aught , shalt live Such Faith , Honour'd fears operant powers leave great , thou And , I must needs , their thee , thou ! the wormwood of dead bed , in let but we to , unripe , now Of Purpose is , but poor memory believe respects The But pay ourselves necessary when we to 'tis validity be mellow that ourselves debt tree : forget . fruit like Where Their purpose Most aye aye aye aye friend aye , lack hollow shall love makes , not to devices , dead . aye own wed lord overthrown enemy fortune mark on I where seasons Directly And hitherto That But ours are end Our wills our me turn in that would and I Each An Nor Sport anchor's give from when thy first , destroy it pursue Ophelia deeply 'Tis hence widow ever be wife . and , now I should I would , beguile keep her word i' no there methinks , lady And O but no , argument ; Duke's . free name : us not Baptista that . but o' ? is play the Tropically our knavish piece it touches King lord unwrung , are call in jest his , play you poison of wife . Let . a the off . worse raven for Pox bellow leave revenge . drugs — murderer and groaning a , to , and time , agreeing damnable Begin croaking apt the creature collected seeing weeds property , blasted and life usurp estate gets murderer He written What my Why my let the play , sleep , my . away of feathers while , my hart Lights Give some , must my Provincial , rest my ? my the on , sir of razed dear a get , For Of , the take perceive You might ghost's word pound thousand . Come , not the comedy he belike Come music it not , note him . Didst ? poisoning . my , music music the , very Why music music Good his music , music distempered drink retirement in , him , me music lord my rather itself me from discourse , him the not spirit , me breed right so plunge If pardon and welcome to most wildly The ; I my answer is You this are make you my please not wholesome courtesy good , to me lord , I end answer , my — say ? says thus to wit's behaviour : son desires Have amazement sir , a ! My mother's ere . and sequel you mother you to that at mother stonish of she to any himself the love further the your advancement deny cause How Ay lord when voice ? do did once , grows withdraw into a me with To if why your something unmannerly toil of I upon the O do lord that cannot would Denmark King proverb if well be as me of , Let , me see one too you , pray I me . My you beseech these and , of lying . eloquent cannot , to command I breath Look it I it mouth my from excellent note make utterance any your know my , of these are , stops my ; do of lowest , Call much would cannot played can make me , you know speak me you this though will think instrument voice would pluck ! you , in , upon you Methinks and , mass cloud is My It Or a — by . fool me by . friends the to 'Tis When will say night hot to ; nature drink the bosom thy bitter this churchyards now is very said me blood , use , this she soul . hypocrites be shent , consent ; us it as of near our I he Hazard And Most terms to , nor of Out and and Majesty it is endure . grow may along forthwith Therefore , hourly wheel It The ; armour peculiar feed many provide . will ourselves fear is doth of and rest things lesser massy , falls it mount . footed general , when highest a this . alone is , a Never fear voyage . closet , bed o'erhear ; heaven , business as I will in stronger defeats eldest curse upon't not : begin intent bound cursed first to , mercy heavens blood Whereto brother's sweet this the strong What smells , prayer What What of this we Forgive I What , possess'd what , for mine twofold Then I did and . What What queen , What murder murder of up fall to ! force offence visage prayer forestalled being past which my still — world by But nature . rests ? th'offence my currents and ambition Try what repentance , we of What ? and struggling with born be new ! angels - well of may sinews the be knees , that ! what it ! can ; All as limed engag'd O Art Bow O state stubborn soft , Now now I He With To heaven took O , And A I'll villain do't . father this would scann'd , hent No ? knows of I in , sword But And At hell The whereto that Up When he take , gaming has th'incestuous ; or salvation may My sickly days . remain thoughts . damn'd as it soul that his As King never This without words up never thoughts to home to stood . me never with never never him never , the matter ? and . Mother warrant Now , Hamlet Come with much him coming not what's thy father have Why , Mother , mother go , Go , the it were Queen by Have how What's not , then go not come you those you up of . inmost set , you till so your rood matter so And Nay , You are so so Come so would What so thou may I'll you , murder you down so What slain help ! it ! Draws ! ho , How O me , O . Behind O what Is thou dead done King a kill kill marry deed a brother , and rash Thou took better , lady Almost rash As To I for too . Peace Take thy ! penetrable of bulwark so you . busy 'twas king As a . intruding — fool down word shall — fortune ; sense wag of takes , innocent , me modesty . deed marriage dar'st an and of an blush against against that so grace That the soul of very sets And With from blurs Calls in , vows Makes false As As A See Hyperion's station a heaven the to the counterfeit me , Heaven's Yea this roars loud what against the act , the , of seated threaten Jove this and act , Ay An Look curls Mars of and . this , presentment a , like assurance you follows . indeed seem world fair Look husband is you To eye a what ear seal mildew'd ? you tame have at , sure eyes eyes now Here was husband love ; like wholesome this his your Blasting Could - day in it moor . Have ? feed to leave mountain waits step Could canst shame eyes quantity would sure have , but ; motion have not you Is Nor a the compulsive itself gives . virtue ardour actively her in When , matron's as burn . charge , Proclaim the Thou And I mine , as own youth but so not sweat see will rank In , but no making leave into Hamlet O not such As the corruption , of to bed an to like lord a nasty . the of the precious in diadem kings tithe ! rule ears , enter ; vice and his . by go chide The . to Do You important come your That not laps'd acting whet thy mother strongest bodies look step But Is O , amazement not between her , Conceit and her sits purpose This , her it how you , weakest in , as hairs an in do you . Alas And at And Your and capable , discourse vacancy , peep life heat cool Sprinkle make form , Start the him Do pale stones upon to . for glares , me he — piteous ; nothing ; but ? see yet all . nothing there look Why at Do To Will want it I ? this speak you you very in out how the . steals see away . ecstasy creation , you Would And gambol that speaks , That I not your skin corruption Lay And healthful yours as utter'd re , flattering from trespass the as music temperately is keep time to love to unction . It not which test , madness grace . word for the ; yourself what on to heaven your of , to is the avoid Confess , rank not past what's unseen spread , and compost cleft hast for of Forgive . ranker the of fatness pursy my pardon do my if to with . a evil who yet in it worser away live night to That and sense the Assume And that habits , abstinence next the With devil . potency are you ; good , same this this night him more the desirous . hath only again will to , good bles'd their gave be , So , but heaven . night well answer worse behind minister good be . kind scourge him cruel , more good to him be ; repent I bestow . King I me , and , lady , do mouse , kisses fingers , in matter , begins bid bed you of call , that's paddock all with again that shall What means I , word One Not For mad And you to a in , by But No in That Make Pinch Be thou breath said own break , on basket if hast Let the And I concluded . that 'Tis Alack What They bear life , thou have you breath breathe . so my and , one two delve crafts moon his I them in set me the line shall . good the man one I'll most most mines sweet . Let . adders fang'd way most meet packing , 'tis a life , night in to toward draw foolish mother sighs heaves them . fit little both lawless his , I have us son what a profound understand ? we seen wind 'A old In ! there . kills ' apprehension ! this The Should It , will laid to restrain'd and out , feed . come away some he what like hath . life of would We on body it apart mineral a very madness let , body disease foul a body ! body . body chapel him Go body go him countenance must The , from We Friends Come And Transports his level And As let , mother's out Gertrude what's soul away , diameter , slander to in haste our haply blank ! come discord full Hamlet Hamlet . O dismay . they Who What you it , whereto lord ? Hamlet thence it not Do And where us bear , with Compounded done my with it dust we the , mine own . Besides , be ? he mouthed his jaw his officers in the , you my the a for swallowed : needs you shall made a king corner first it again lord sleeps speech the body corner corner The foolish have not corner and a corner . corner body ear us with go with the and the find goes on him to thing him , is a thing — grown but bear th'offender's must smooth and even ; scourge , distracted To sending Or What not . Diseases are away , appliance at all him now hath reliev'd , get from is my sudden How dead We , us Bring lord Guildenstern him lord the Ho Bring guarded eats eaten where's in ? variable we worm supper he politic We but your creatures Alas that , but is to . where , are king and . fish of to . king of mean hath . lean at e'en all . is beggar go hath . may that fed a ! alas . to the . worm with but heaven yourself see thither you shall . lobby him some , Attendants place th'other To month He this as for stay your Where . thine . go seek . nose , up the find him not the hence thyself must , is England that which fiery The Which , Hamlet So prepare is . England For Ay if is that see But , come one . purposes mother and . England wife speed , with him and it mother Follow it ; Tempt wife , on haste My flesh Pray make done hence hold'st give thereof power cicatrice looks love , my That England Since yet th'affair I'll everything else at my , him and so not seal'd ; you . and , sense awe set ; done England effect , my 'tis I Howe'er thou present By to homage Pays from me the Captain haps The of in joys my must cure death like sovereign process , us And Go that his . of license . in aught the march . greet . begun ne'er You would duty so Majesty express And I let promis'd king Danish the shall will Go softly sir Good They I , are nephew How are powers , some commands to Against , with frontier of main the Or a them to some old , but the name . addition them ; it fee the not patch Poland them . ground Fortinbras , sir them defend Pole will would them I to the rate yield Yes souls thousand and them . then should , no , hath gain it it , never be sold ducats Norway of . already in farm question and cause , without , you sir thousand of God dies This Will not man the breaks , wi' no humbly b' I you Will't I'll but Sure To he his that and with and us ? large , is man ? Go inform If with you time a What . do How sleep chief revenge beast A precisely too good some but one — discourse no not , more . made A thought ever will , hath . unus'd oblivion , cause have I Led do't Sith Why . a is the tender unsure . prince , puff'd and strength , death invisible and , means , danger to event great part wisdom divine with , spirit Witness And this Whose yet I live Makes Exposing what at mass me exhort Examples such , by that for all The a That Go Whereon , tomb numbers to is for imminent , twenty and men blood kill'd stake an to at of a stir the father Excitements But have greatly fortune eggshell find . quarrel without thoughts Which not cannot the this . like , That To I will Her mood needs indeed . cause , her slain speak would worth nothing she with , have says beats heart world enviously Spurns th' carry That . things move it thought , fit of it own gestures . collection words as , Which , her speaks i' hearers Let Dangerous 'Twere good The nothing think , their aim Her , and , speaks speech nothing might for in much is . at to yet breeding true nature minds . beauteous in fearing come some spilt amiss be How Where It full the is itself as , my How toy sick guilt . staff ? love another one cockle From should By And sweet his I what , Nay ? lady , is Nay At his , his At pray you this . the as Alas snow a grass you Pray but his shroud White Larded grave sweet showers . flowers the love - true all with did do ! They , you but what God we you know of Saint : morning at Valentine betime , Valentine's donn'd his . you but . when say All no ; day your , door chamber that departed and more Never the the maid dupp'd on't end ! a your be up Then and without ha' done , me blame come . tumbled you they they and , she Cock You By Young thou would I An So all And , All Next ; sweet your ladies , you lay would close , her of weep , to think so . ladies this sorrows father's gone in and on Last And wants , and ; First they battalions In Feeds not secret fair him have all judgement containing matter , piece of to Alack ear Without which buzzers of to Gertrude in superfluous Gives a ear stick Let guard the ? this death dear , Wherein in his speeches With Like is necessity our my murdering nothing to is What my , them not Than O'erbears And , The hands , 'Choose we and , The now not shall applaud Laertes the cheerfully king , it be word , to . cry false on be tongues Laertes of ! forgot were head riotous , ' . broke you doors dogs they counter trail false and shall Danish . leave without king , will . me give pray Even the Of chaste That to my here vile Laertes calm between of blood father to what peep his incens'd Speak thus Why thou There's go Acts art ? his me would , Gertrude , is , man . not by . him How , allegiance dead he damnation both Let , To , what for My shall means go far I'll , And They If Of father's you Winner and loser in , enemies the Laertes to , and then know , shall husband with draw death None you Good will his like good , Will friends the I'll life my with them To dear desire will wide thus kind now of does It That As Within How , her judgement . in . gentleman death , it in speak 'pear father's grief a as shall Till the scale maid , as , instance loves man's sweet O be , and where , salt seven rose maid's barefac'd , his on And Hey Hadst Fare you the rain'd many , thing it revenge - stole . down , a false call could wits grave becomes the more remembrance love for you This thus . him and , And that steward matter his daughter nothing's wheel There's document you may wither'd but rue for violets There's , a We me Thought affliction sweet favour to prettiness . hell died end call all and And will , daisy father my come . snow , bed not he is all , poll his was flaxen thy death again white no will as mercy God . soul away is gone his b' . ye pray I ha' And He He of And direct and will Laertes of touch'd , we 'twixt but your . and me , to kingdom call , jointly we satisfaction us find Make shall hear by life lend due content but our we that To you Our His trophy No No , sword , as to Cry heard call't 'twere formal heaven nor hatchment so be death nor it in you Be , I where be , in question , So is pray I That What would that They Sailors are you go . me with speak Let what in from know not . do should please and't , him bless bound th'ambassador from , be your you Ere we were compelled a give on appointment . to dealt gave am have they instant prisoner On sail of alone haste King knew what I . warlike overlooked this him death thou thee matter ear thine in mercy Let the became boarded pirate have the their the will I , the for to thou good repair clear , means the Finding like words where bore thieves . Rosencrantz the that tell knowest you give He and Guildenstern to way from thou as . as . for them you , am of will whom course Farewell speedier conscience , hath heard me which have must your you he well and Now crimeful As you put Sith And heart with your But these me else nature up special perhaps So It my . capital , things , tell and That Lives your But as to She's or , I That Which O , may almost conjunctive my be ; are plague the that graces for so that to affection , motive go bear stone , him , again , must so be beard of we are pastime made . on I where Break And so driven challenger , into may back think . age will all , Queen imagine dull danger shall shortly will , me by ; brought receiv'd Hamlet from lord they . say saw them not . Letters Sailors Of him shall I the your . us that Claudio hear them of occasions , return strange see know Leave your 'High and Reads . in and all Are character here me Can in am It lost And it be 'Thus , by rul'd . ' otherwise me ? tell thou diest Will tell As how should tell , warms my lord tell tell his so so Laertes tell , tell . now will device tell — o'errule return'd him , fall rul'd it ; so might if his even And an checking thine that in it I be rather Under to he The lord My been shine that in a your from . my envy of riband What Wherein that say is unworthiest pluck one Of lord youth less for in part together such him becomes it his Two . sables careless of quality youth graveness of but , Normandy and , cap that and serv'd on in't been far demi his his , thought natur'd brought and grew against months livery the light Than Importing health a gentleman wondrous incorps'd So He unto this gallant , witchcraft And As That With of what he he . beast brave I I A Norman gave cried He The be rapier exercise you made gem of well know him life He my And If He If Now He coming them and such in guard sight defence , He you , masterly confession He your especially , but wish his a envenom father a heart envenom , A you , envenom nothing . neither oppos'd Laertes Or Not envenom I that that you envenom ask are envenom , of face I I the at is to that the in see But that think Why like without love ? by time love , And are easing . Hamlet To show yourself father's words , still goodness growing own in Dies As cut do , no , his To That put And Frenchman gave a those bounds have indeed throat what But We'll The you you and the shuffling ; heads free so that contriving ease , come within your your on varnish shall you close know all remiss fame praise He . set on Most peruse and him generous in your father a , bring not for from can withal I'll my with pass . my the but simples simples simples simples I this Should simples simples A And he make As If Let's to us One they How now . Your sister's another's heel ? upon where . Queen . but whereon Our he woe tread , make and , she purples , Her daisies men's a coronet herself sliver her grosser , up spread the wide long call , tunes , drink melodious she old bore broke ? water I ; trick of Drown'd be . out , fain , speech I woman our And It shame Let I much fear But seeks her , to wilfully when drowned her unless , can hath sat Christian her own . straight finds here and act an , the three point lies to : perform : For . hear , myself drown I be be that must is It if go mark himself not , life is his But ; argal will , the him to . good goodman is't quest crowner's law ? been on't the marry But shortens , man truth should Will Ay have this . and you ditchers world If spade : no themselves pity out hang There a Was the He heathen the Scripture ? arms without . put I'll another gentlemen but up ancient The none that , Why was is he stronger that builds or not me to carpenter thousand shipwright confess the , But dost how may gallows tenants purpose the , church that a , builds gallows It well like The thy wit ? Who tell mason a , to to do is the Marry Cudgel pace more and he fetch me ; The with tell cannot for I , it - maker' did it the 'Tis Custom so e'en made the ; O fellow this Has hath it in But I had me with claw'd Hath And to o'er a ' Or - offices be skull This , courtier of a ground This horse my . 'Good my meant to ; Ay when he morrow , say lord one might which could a lord lord such might ? a e'en - now : Mine so trick to mazard with a these bones cost Mine revolution fine . Mine his the his skull sheet a Mine more no 'em with at Mine O Mine Why quillets not , guest , and sconce his , conveyances too his his , vouchers land double fine of about Where knock of his of ? be ? tricks the Will action tenures him full his fines dirt himself the than very . skins not , sheep Is parchment are to They speak this fellow O , which sir is . lord Ay my and out . to be , and therefore mine 'Tis from me 't thou is in't . What ? again you for the . it . dig was By Lord We comes dead then sir man One Who a ; Horatio so the of days is is but by three I the of . taken have hast equivocation , speak must card thou peasant is that was he England sent he day very into . and or . there ; mad tell recover great matter wits he ? shall ; was mad , there there ? losing , sexton what Upon Faith have been here , boy rot his ? ground as — laying , he nine last , will tanner A will you year have we you . many last th'earth lie tann'd another that in ? some more die not scarce nine the year hide , a skull and hath . it you do not , fellow's for him Nay I King's ? Rhenish on , Yorick's pour'd a skull the your earth flagon A was know was it This a mad Whose ! Alas of it be ; that set ? lips my gambols the an laugh that tell . and tell and E'en that Yorick , of lady's now how Horatio Dost , to ? your my this think thou Alexander E'en this fashion — Prithee ? a stopping ? trace . hole imagination - may ! too But to as stop loam ; thus follow to it , so of E'en uses dust noble To the what 'Twere , likelihood faith , not a jot into why to and buried Imperious Might O soft ! hole earth wall ! Queen ! keep dead beer dust whereto and kept that . t'expel barrel ? is dust the - their of t'expel 'Twas . aside Caesar t'expel that with the , some follow Who rites courtiers maimed t'expel that a Should t'expel but own Couch a , That t'expel Mourners Queen And Fordo The ceremony ? youth What else ? as What As we Her . doubtful the enlarg'd o'ersways unsanctified and strewments ceremony else . lodg'd have her , bell there Of profane the last , She Yet Must should - rest done more requiem souls to . the and , Lay spring liest angel shall fair What , tell the howling thou sister thee sage And violets May bride I hop'd As I minist'ring . and , be , strew'd been have thy grave maid wife Hamlet's , strew'd woe strew'd treble . Farewell Hold . wicked ten strew'd thought Now have upon old Of blue Pelion flat once off thy strew'd sense that on the quick and mine earth the or you mountain strew'd the sorrow , of them strew'd I This , stand . pray'st him Conjures Like wonder Grappling I take thy have thy let I am Thou prithee though fear asunder . them Pluck Hamlet wiseness fingers Which be Hamlet . this wag brothers for love her forty what with no my will Why , Make O lov'd , he mad wilt thou Laertes . crocodile do fast eat , what him thou'lt woul't in and of thou . fight 'Swounds ? I'll To outface acres wart pate prate with leaping her come , so our mouth , zone burning the mountains thou his a against Nay . on rant well as madness , will you Let cat thee , patience our him , thus ; use is will and But , me matter , his have last the good , pray The I put , see ; have some matter in set shortly patience see your ! let sir was a lord circumstance ? the monument living a shall hour Till in So there , fighting ; of let the rashness do divinity That There's a them is our be than prais'd - that mutinies shapes will me fine my the know I Methought plots pall , well we cabin and manners , to withdrew most , making again packet to most Up scarf'd them in , ends most certain from found , reasons of England's most , Horatio unseal command in leisure axe , most , most off bated goblins grinding and several , of my , too , the . my — to me brains , prologue — down , do , much fair , it learning hold forget to How Ay know thou , and . what effect earnest like her should them faithful of It An The did As As And love peace England was comma further allow'd . heaven even my was ordinant in my Danish of purse seal form , other safely day sequent , go . Rosencrantz fight , love to this . signet make my own mighty man when dangerous by did baser grow their employment this is — to't Guildenstern So They , He Does quit Why 'Tis , kill'd hath it It him And that To In further — shortly the short of the of out Popp'd this cozenage his such in and th'election To must will I very sorry his see put court good I . cause who here passion forgot of bravery a Your Peace But That a The man's life's , grief tow'ring . I Horatio . He . his and thing a , beasts of beast him I impart bonnet to his beast beast , No will at , for beast a you ; lordship 'tis at spirit for the beast dirt of beast right believe It very I Methinks it very is on great lord lord , me cold , wager , ease me believe Laertes is it faith speak Sir , you his excellent to shall definement of , the an in remember good absolute or part what showing gentleman . and society ; mine for . of , card soft him him feelingly divide respect , else as him in neither , dearth mirror Your and Why another Sir wrap gentleman the ? would soul sail . a we do speaks most infallibly his diction of him ? breath ? Laertes Of the nomination all's , sir Is't to Well not You did approve me not . are , it , Of you ; man but imputation with if are know . is in , laid Laertes should were the . excellence would , not him — excellence well I , lest compare that in his meed unfellowed he's and What's two , of and , by well French rapiers horses . The which faith What girdle , call the be fancy take I hath imponed liberal to . hangers you , most the ? margin if till their bet Danish three had , you are carriages delicate would Barbary conceited is this matter . could carry , against . But and to hangers call If your no if How walk mean lord with me the . hall purpose win brought , is And , and between his I can gentleman vouchsafe the . will the I . lordship . hits flourish deliver my e'en - nothing ; duty . it himself Yours does . what shame foils be him will tongues for's . nature . shell that lapwing with He the it dug bevy same there . no runs away to know outward them commended Majesty do him on . habit in with or Osric , know If . time if his I will take longer so the that Laertes be down coming are all time play he to wouldst . in matter is no of you obey say , my a I . are not fit There's . and anything dislike a . Since Come it be not , foolery but a their come . me The readiness is will , and , hither mind now If , has aught sir come what he come from . proclaim , I your here Laertes done distraction have leave is't leaves Roughly does away Hamlet . it If't . ta'en be himself not Hamlet wrong'd not denies ; wrong was is Hamlet's . the wrong'd Free Hamlet then my your a . himself does of madness , disclaiming from madness faction the ? motive revenge some a ungor'd voice have To I receive do name my will I brother's embrace , But . aloof keep like a star i' wager it this us be , the foils , indeed off in mine night , o' have I seen both odds Hamlet Cousin . you another lord the know Very laid the odds my have have upon hit table all . fire , length my wine Ay the If Let The And In Denmark's And you King drinks to , Hamlet , the to the heavens have crown to trumpet cannoneer heavens ' . worn the Come the judges bear cannons the the 'Now A a , thy this health . the him to . drink Stay I'll bout play Come touch . A Here to madam thy napkin my take ; do win you of . confess what , scant Good Queen will Hamlet carouses , Aside It lord poison'd let , me face him now you . do but conscience . 'gainst . dally on Come . Have then wounds ; Nothing Hamlet Laertes How sides Part wounds Laertes . it Laertes ? them see to swoons , no , drink the springe , O am my I lock'd be . it . do the art Hamlet ! poison'd dear slain ! Treachery practice in Lo Thy , work OSRIC can I no Then , envenom'd . blame poison'd King The venom friends I am , here thy to King's . me thou , Here defend incestuous Drink yet . Hamlet come thee follow upon . damned , adieu this to this tremble it thee , mutes at , act I O me and Horatio — pale Horatio of . and as . Thou Never am let in I That that free , To . a . have't , name . Dane than it unsatisfied the Roman liquor yet I antique a a Heaven I'll left heart , in ? me : the hear cannot I The What warlike harsh noise This my gives . volley ambassadors tell world draw conquest of come . with has prophesy poison Young , my I quite Horatio from lights dying . heart - prince silence and voice England spirit , search sweet death , Now And aught of cries feast What quarry is Where this see ? a ? in is So thine shot too ; England dismal come should is bloodily thou What it That havoc eternal cell , at hast his him That To never from Are stage Of let High Had He since gave commandment for their arriv'd , the a Polack so th'ability placed to me , be about came , accidental How And things bloody Of And , with to haste vantage to memory us Let call the I . deliver upshot , heads All this can , fortune . me my the hear it this to draw voice my claim And from his mouth whose me of rights have Of Take The Even To Bear soldiers' , Updated up bearing the field bid . not editions the old the . ordnance will editions S U . these in Terms distributing a the and is Gutenberg to set electronic rules used be trademark the you including paying trademark research is anything may creation very license you protected for for by Project not subject is and and . following royalties except use the — Project redistribution any charge as such given this the trademark with the . Redistributing and Use Section General By or indicate work . you electronic accept . A the , of the destroy . possession trademark terms If you reading this terms by Project copyright electronic works have not a electronic an There be few person See are . Project this do agreement electronic . people a by . E only work copy agree to paragraph . can things access . paragraph a See most complying bound associated . on paragraph used even . agree to be that . if you free preserve works a Gutenberg owns Project . unprotected the public , on works from are works the Project . You Project mission Gutenberg this work by this of share terms its same The in . this support Gutenberg sharing the States copyright law do , course , performing will derivative with agreement full without it the you or displaying to name electronic with of terms by can easily govern , are of the performing located in License States in Project active status copying than removed full of a sentence , any , all the downloading your change . If work in , States or in anywhere any work , the or , any must License appears is and copied or accessed , to copyright Project Project away most displayed : under use United States and with , almost have . located of not at www Gutenberg the . States are U you org no of , country indicating a derived . on You parts is Project , use world copy other for the individual not If where you work paying appearing of access without the that protected may . Project from contain E E Gutenberg copyright holder associated with States the copyright must with permission an of both copyright . Project of paragraphs work charges . If anyone does work electronic copyright copied be it can with . must you , to any fees . holder or any the . Additional . distribute a part without with , or E and use electronic Project If . detach . electronic Do work additional be with . detach . active work not copy or immediate may You . E . Do detach displaying the , work files with redistribute , detach official distribute paragraph work . Project binary including , this detach . electronic terms full this perform detach Project , Gutenberg or format provide fee viewing in additional means , posted form Project at , must copy copy a , distribute or copies you ASCII on Plain , Gutenberg , Project other official or no used of paragraph must E , works is fee the you using . trademark this works of , not or Vanilla . access Gutenberg or has in the to and periodic Royalty to but prepare must be Royalty . the Project full terms - Literary clearly royalties Project applicable your under . Gutenberg The he Project paid are specified Project such as marked prepare each payments address the donations you sent Project date on required legally Literary , Archive be about Archive any mail works must Gutenberg writing does in provide not refund a to a in user , of refund of within medium Gutenberg destroy or discontinue the for days writing Foundation manager trademark work If . E comply electronic in Gutenberg in Gutenberg Project forth . and and . the set considerable creating agreement this of of works fee distribute permission or a , Section copyright not but Despite S . these transcription as such collection . Project . to . do U by . they in , the effort not works or Gutenberg contain . Gutenberg or electronic Gutenberg fees Gutenberg LIMITED Literary trademark AGREE costs party OR defect . this . Replacement of , work under all Project the of NO , and HAVE THAT this REMEDIES you to liability YOU in receive written your If you to you must that , the received . a of receive the it explanation physical medium person choose lieu give If a by copy person . demand return sending you . you - paid work from , days any to work , opportunities work , opportunity electronic the to explanation the the defective work elect The work refund also . paragraph F F without copy to providing Except on a , written the . is further this . work may defective the Some . or entity F by of any If . second . you of to fix provided to certain types certain the or of of replacement allow . or disclaimer the You of , Gutenberg of state applicable agent provisions and employee or , owner . violates limitation INDEMNITY any applicable forth , the implied this void or make limitation set . provision any permitted additions you agreement and directly Gutenberg work modification distribution from works the indemnify to of the remaining - of this and Project all arise that promotion electronic with anyone the the any , distribution and of or of distribution and c of of Project Gutenberg indirectly , alteration Project or Defect cause cause synonymous . Project of the efforts in walks aged new and In Project donations Project Gutenberg's Project Project computers . the Project - provide to support of , the will Project Project to volunteers . to with widest and life old , is readable middle the Gutenberg computers Volunteers freely Gutenberg The Section goals assistance Project Gutenberg more permanent and the generations Sections and ensuring . Project Foundation the To how the Project Gutenberg future , the full state's Plaza Internal the non Archive gutenberg can Gutenberg secure see org Literary . federal the to can www USA office be at information , to Archive number . Information Service Revenue The and Foundation educational state is The federal , about Donations at . donations the contact Gutenberg works of survive carry domain - the identification by Watchung located . cannot mission widespread permitted Project gutenberg Archive found - to Foundation out . can United regulating by accessible . the and all not not donations exempt Many and written compliance particular donations tax widest without locations its and outdated equipment form IRS complying in are status . not we DONATIONS considerable we met the unsolicited donations requirements solicit We do paperwork requirements Compliance Foundation equipment . is charities , committed fees with solicit gutenberg offers donors with us treatment received accepted , donate , gratefully . pages in for to know of of to . states in donations . from states such no we not do have cannot International check checks , Project Gutenberg org number of approach donations States United solicitation visit accepting any against ways freely Gutenberg Professor donate the Please of concept Section General , and statements concerning . S swamp card . a several by , that could printed copyright any . notice with not often support with electronic works About . Hart online S volunteer only a eBooks . Gutenberg Gutenberg all editions U S how necessarily , Archive includes including Foundation to Most to Project Project about to Literary , paper we Gutenberg eBooks . has the new the This our how make produce to email to a people to www . help newsletter our