Stand Stand You Barnardo the Stand He upon your bed Stand . Francisco . hour Stand at . Stand guard Stand now I And a stirring them Stand rivals I think hear them this , of I And Give place has my you the Dane to liegemen , thing have nothing ? Marcellus . A of . him . of of him , us . it fantasy him this , that's westward all of , then one Marcellus beating that it where the King comes and myself , dead . again , and fear Mark Horatio Horatio ? King harrows be me with wonder Denmark of . usurp'st fair this time and that the that with ? it ! See stalks . offended ! this ! parle . had ; he thyself King . art thou But Good This And In now the gross some particular he jump gone me , watch cannon , land to my most state know I eruption strange down toils and and daily such be Who make Doth At least , For so to Thereto What Did Which slay this on ; which by and all the conqueror , him lands ; moiety Fortinbras the , same by of King ; vanquisher sir , the article hot , here resolutes and , enterprise , other no state hand it , land in chief take lands watch watch strong , the but rummage watch so I foresaid , motive lost watch our haste e'en like the watch the sun A As stars watch Disasters Upon whose in The the mote watch A In most and the even Was ere gibber influence and fierce events , star eclipse demonstrated , me , done thy life , and , of earth walk in oft may foreknowing ! in speak hast O thy in treasure Extorted which , here ! wrong We the show being ! here 'Tis Awake Whether , then with his faded on Some , It , then , The fairy Wherein our , nights takes are and so no singeth the the that probation comes , him ? it . morning I , speak life to him with fitting high do morn of up the I , heard But look dew in have for Hamlet you Do This Let we Break To discretion , whole us brother's and dear brow one remembrance sometime with with so be hath wisest jointress far auspicious as to , now . joy marriage , gone thanks barr'd eye warlike this of a with 'twere , weighing nor , wife scale funeral in With we one to Taken equal better Your In our dear our worth , death frame brother's Fortinbras , of with . dream this be that , a Or follows Holding affair . wisdoms For and , have which supposal our weak know of late young message for here we you Cornelius and , to him , meeting , have writ levies , Norway . scope , than commend we you farewell your . show ? Dane is't news , Laertes ? asking , with the have my Dread and leave though And show must and father's lord , leave bend again leave toward France pardon . says , to duty favour Your now thoughts He Yet And I do now , best fair And But thy A Aside Take beseech , How so let for 'tis all noble not Hamlet cast look ever thy am I , my And Thou Passing common is common . nature , be I know thee , seems , in the shows , moods can with Nor not the customary madam Why Nor Nor No , nor of river , haviour forc'd black of indeed might truly fruitful passeth suits the father your to , duties his , for your in and give 'Tis For Together But That These but the To It heart impious father Of A ? heart to it death 'This From Is Than dearest woe ' who a Fie should the must vulgar dead corse . most with that be a And no In It retrograde to toward which the impart less immediate for let our world to father For your Wittenberg , desire love son . today clouds ; and a of reply madam Wittenberg Hamlet , shall . melt into flesh thunder the to and the resolve self , stale slaughter - Everlasting this earthly a ! O dew , fix'd world garden ! nature in unweeded gross an 'tis the uses of , O two things ; seed That , was loving she had him hang grown name shoes poor followed beast she or — my ere . Frailty think not what remember ? Why Frailty As which all ! have Frailty father's yet the to tears , Frailty longer mourn'd O Like Frailty Frailty But It My , am glad to do see or , servant , lord my my hear report do . yourself would disposition , you good make ? in are no . Elsinore , so of you not I your ear affair know depart truant violence you father's funeral , lord it Horatio , coldly Did me , thrift had ever me , father I I that me dearest hard mother's to was me fellow - me meats . me bak'd upon tables father me goodly . all king all again yesternight saw him Who Saw My My My lord lord I He With The , you hear . gentlemen , he march pie your of , encounter'd at before point Armed Goes By slow I Almost his dumb In with , as Within and ; length speak third , Stand they jelly oppress'd them stately and by - whilst act to impart the dreadful their , both the fear , me distill'd , they with not the secrecy word more knew we this up made The thing comes hands had And . speak methought where to ; once address away loud haste strange very shrunk 'Tis the even at And But do And I Hold my BARNARDO this toe to my top , Arm'd from , My , O yes foot been had would there upon you red , And would and BARNARDO have I MARCELLUS moderate very Longer . hundred ? tell . A , Not was his in have grizzled . sable silver'd seen it I watch as will Perchance I will my though noble . my have hold peace hell I this you should tongue twelve ye , shall to else understanding . you So eleven loves platform the requite Upon Give the earth all sit still play And Hamlet , and the doubt me , But A Hold The a of . more but so ? more No . not grow alone waxes now doth mind . crescent His wide Think nature nor the but service of does this you his his you must birth do this his choice state soul , circumscrib'd . no place to act believe far ; of his if he , you further treasure your lose your weigh main his give heart fear it importunity my affection ; open songs . desire enough moon chaste , and shot danger dear ear , Ophelia To she itself 'scapes is of : disclos'd the spring , of in are and their blastments most lies though this dalliance do good pastors reckless way path fear . long blessing But too And recks a as my heart Himself primrose the of . ungracious thorny treads not own here double my me smiles O the like Show Yet The , upon A here Grapple thou these stay'd And ? in precepts my of , Aboard you Look Nor any unproportion'd and hoops no by but , of with their with palm thy soul hast unto do Bear't But not Take Costly Give habit oft proclaims rich thy gaudy ; rank man not can ; thy And And borrowing all follow be then : oft a most loan do season blessing leave this of ; night both a Neither have , tend . man . my , take you I , Ophelia , invites in yourself 'Tis What Farewell said you my shall Farewell hath touching hath told private be of Given What please you Ophelia the said to Hamlet . tell you and and free up honour . you . clearly green tenders them call to a circumstance you as yourself more baby a the tender you'll it to hath crack ta'en know not do Ay , Ay all When And almost countenance you call the of poor with go love go importun'd fashion woodcocks , maiden rate presence higher a as than how prodigal do , speech vows the to more their Even You Giving not in light the , vows is a - Hamlet young walk , which of their dye Breathing may not Do I better not give I come the moment from This terms charge ; you my . forth : cold is your Lord any talk plain slander or , obey and ; an ? eager it walk to then . the his I think it lacks What The Ay as the to manner in More clepe us They honour'd my am with it : reason much of guilty them not origin his of wherein vicious marrow , achievements oft some in cannot nature , these o'erleavens , evil grace defect , a . doubt corruption of , shape Hamlet me ! but death answer sepulchre , tell us goblin or health spirit thee thou with thy com'st in such . thee to canoniz'd me , speak airs thy That a . hearsed in ignorance why inurn'd the ; bones their burst Wherein Hath thee op'd cast To That glimpses Say glimpses Revisit'st night Making glimpses , With thou It glimpses ? with . glimpses go alone you to impartment desire it did away glimpses with go no . I follow it . removed . courteous what To a not do Look do Why will Or to what , draw Which And The more motive , of every puts place there the You Hold . to cries cries cries . cries him cries . thee cries ghost of . follow me cries will issue in To rotten the wilt Mark , go ? Speak me come ! what but shall thy serious sulph'rous up unfold ghost poor hearing blood , young my in purg'd foul away my freeze spheres of fires night , house I father porpentine their lightest of . stars like and particular upon eternal . God unnatural , most thy dear Murder , as in his Revenge most foul , sweep May to Murder But Haste strange , than be thee to duller rots serpent 'Tis me itself And stir That Is abus'd , most seduce falling a my , was dignity . there was power , life ! have shameful , vow , link'd will ; orchard bed never shape gifts of radiant , whose But court though And in itself I . be My With Holds let soft So lust Will virtue it And The such an porches of swift gates and cursed always custom me methinks of in afternoon morning air ; vial did doth into did vigour alleys most , it it eager instant queen of sleeping , the . vile with by , sent imperfections , Unhous'led of , like a thin natural a , I crown even Cut , lazar Most The and And O not thy and The And 'gins - prick And But thou , aught . the couch If to nor her uneffectual ! instant the my , thee ? Hold old the ? O ? adieu the hell couple you Adieu , the of me this In , the Yea of And host the adieu my stiffly , not O sinews up grow fie earth Remember holds , records Remember , globe table memory seat , villain Denmark a in by past live brain of , shall there , my ; it may sworn't My there 'Adieu Within . ho Hillo Within Good O , lord you'll lord ! it ? tell my news , I lord , reveal my I , Not my of secret be heart , all . my To no ghost he's a There I Why , that we are right as it ; business Yes you , words and for desire shake business my hands more at shall without I'll , is your go own heartily is me , now what but , tell us you . between here , seen . not . indeed the the sword stage my . swear . lord have seen . truepenny ? we'll hither speak Propose oath Consent thou hear to this my that . shall never on But Horatio . is it , mercy , shall think , phrase we if be could , pronouncing or — your Beneath at ambiguous know' to such speak' ; giving : need not do to you help a commend as friending us it together go let's come I out his t'express , willing May And all rest , Let spirit I love your to Hamlet to , I will do shall marvellous Before you behaviour him to , visit , wisely his Of , money You him Give And ; first who at expense Paris they finding and where more him , and , will well very Ay part , him' 'twere know , he's there and wild ; say may friends you come — as some distant ' very so ; 'not companions Ay Quarrelling or , You may would go lord far so that , liberty , of most my fencing dishonour him , wild and such , To , That's my they The Wherefore my But not you Ay you it in you a believe thing a converse youth you , you you , I would here's you lord my , you You He so the man By Your closes The , 'Good sir the And He I — does 'closes or so about in sir , the in him he enter or brothel gaming at , there we windlasses With Your bait do and thus By Shall you my son . former my by shall ply Well his I let now How Alas My upon as Pale , what with and his , shirt his speak for , As And Ungart'red with , if He And As me by the to he to such other draw it hand his the he last And As He would Then And with being rais'd his — falls He At leads will to ecstasy sorry undertakings itself property any our with the last I without their . me he very is out seem'd to way light the For What That does , This Whose am , desperate as oft As given good And lack go for in younger might . King the close love proper my trifle ourselves to ourselves ourselves opinions our to the we age ! sort to kept ourselves our common ourselves , which than hate ourselves being Guildenstern see provoke it heard , you you , him , both court companies our and , him gather , living you not much men . us show to visitation fits expend and receive , by time time time time here time time sovereign pleasures entreaty Guildenstern , bent the service both , freely too , Thanks , and Go . to . our make Pleasant Heavens Ay Norway Assure as from you to — it As my trail to us'd Hunts not think , and the very I do Thyself grace them , to Give news tells He My that first doubt father's The head and death shall sift we Well Voltemand Welcome , do me and it is brother , truly the what from , return of he be To So Gives th'assay before ; those with against , age , sends and he his uncle overcome before his his To Receives of his never fine , joy more his in Norway give Whereon Makes three him And With That his our , Answer his And Meantime at rest welcome Most business This is . feast - well this together home expostulate : time . wit and time noble ; to But true 'tis Madam is't call but let be it be will Therefore And I What More he , will cause defective and have remainder thus and — find we farewell 'tis grant for him the out 'tis 'tis : A art 'tis ; surmise mine , defect this . a , phrase and my this in a remains this say the the daughter me That's an : Came Ophelia ill But , that Doubt at best never I , more hath out This I am thee lady Doubt . dear love so seen perceiv'd Or Before play'd Majesty me , what you me think of what table might on hot I queen here tell love or told your heart think young she not be is ? this winking , mute - and sight round star , tokens from receive then , Fell to Thence Into the lightness , she , And wherein all to into That And Hamlet ' should . I advice fast , otherwise I'd fain ? ' so ''Tis know if this lead that from hid the , is circumstances me though it centre it four . hours together walks At And a time and encounter from . I'll does indeed my love an fall'n thereon . me ? man honest . my this my , I Not , lord a ? so Then , Honest ten my dog lord my Still . Friend Conception . Aside I suffered . words extremity He . very lord Between the What read , again youth he speak is to Words , believe with slave plum potently yourself you most slave weak ; the are which old air my method I slave ? slave yet , if I slave plentiful their ; slave which will , I . my of between leave and of you and — is in't pregnant him hits on take humbly will my life . willingly is he . thou dear lord do ? Ah . button ; we . of . my , live you secret None particular Then . But lord question . lord o' Denmark's Prison she sends ? dungeons . bad dreams bad myself count narrow too 'tis is me my , many one Denmark it a not were nutshell that for of shadow substance very dream the either nothing your a of it fay I heroes , is my by For and outstretch'd dreadfully attended ? But you thank other make am the you upon , you man honest sort with ? I wait to the To , am , it Is ? with your thanks . even me inclining are , it a ; come your and , my lord Were you visitation ? modesties have sent . were ? me obligation better , prevent discovery have all custom of disposition I , my with heavily so to golden and , you a than air goes look fretted , is moving apprehension and of of form ? delights by dust the an other What in paragon though your quintessence lord My laugh of no when I to neither entertainment ? of what woman me no you not Why did , then they , from coted on ; shall service , man in not to welcome his shall the , you man shall humorous laugh the those her . mind freely lungs tickle and are th' part blank ? or are players such Their ? players reputation players players ? Are players players ? players rusty . in sir of , is the there ; now are them for't — clapped eyases the stages goose ? they call dare can maintains quality they afraid are most the , are grow better 'em quills ? writers succession ; was sides both themselves no if Who than — for player a while cuffs the of There question been throwing load ? away no the money in . those could little , find , 'Sblood . if , lived natural give , his and of Denmark you with yours mother . I tell , Elsinore . The Elsinore must Elsinore - me hands . ceremony and to , Elsinore uncle like a you , Elsinore Elsinore baby Guildenstern Well be you you to of a twice time see second Happily handsaw . with for say they gentlemen too out . an . Monday hither Monday buzz come I Monday players the you was lord Monday ass — Monday Roscius my Monday . Buzz Monday Upon came my , honour for on actor each , scene Plautus men . light - poem history are more , ' ? thou lord he — 'One The Am right I . follows old Jephthah love my then as most God , show know pious chanson abridgement my row welcome of the to Nay As Why , will you friends By'r lady , to thou the altitude a have . you last of piece and thee mistress uncurrent by . of beard . first The good last . see are be , like . me my , old ladyship Come ? not pleased a , the such for once general cried were an it phrase in scenes it But me speak not , to remember digested said one . more no , affectation chiefly and matter savoury , especially , It where begin at , much in the whose , I , very loved , When couched in did , whose let me with Pyrrhus rugged Black Now this dread he of blood Hath With of so purpose in wrath resemble : arms fire , gore a streets , and you with rage wind in of strikes Ilium ; falls sword His finds seeks proceed , good antique good discretion , sword head to Pyrrhus will , th'air milky lo . to neutral ear on tyrant his nothing see often heavens Did , some matter stick the For and a senseless crash hideous flaming , stood the Pyrrhus' work pause thunder still , orb i' . rack . stand , forg'd forg'd , say on . forg'd Prithee , the jig forg'd a barber's , with or Say It forg'd the the general , all low forg'd as to your Hecuba bawdry of And for He's barefoot this Where Who 'Gainst had themselves did her , steep'd venom caught treason and in , she instant of his sword clamour burning the them have The mortal sport — heaven and move her see have Would Unless In But you report I while you abstracts better rest ? of gods . the ill of let . them — chronicles than , hear desert desert dignity in . of Murder Gonzago We'll The them Take and honour your , merit We'll hear bounty is more We'll lines , hear me him We'll Follow old friends We'll , We'll thou dozen We'll or ha't night , You . sixteen well that Guildenstern are . lord Follow My my b' monstrous that wi' Good welcome . in . in alone ! in I here his dream in ; nothing , in in , my in it breaks , nose to lungs by Plucks ! 'Swounds Tweaks Ha But As A can And Like dull dreams and A , am should I Who me deep should - bitter take liver'd all Bloody lecherous vengeance Oh ass by unpack like very heart heaven a , offal treacherous , slave's a my the , That I an revenge I my ! at Foh ! a dear with speak my these , tongue that cunning brain creatures very the my their malefactions ; thing . perhaps have weakness my to damn with . why harshly days confusion of circumstance means ? lunacy this , no , distracted of on drift no all he Grating But from what Nor do But When Niggard so fell out any him it raught on a his ? disposition . demands ? players of court , much already . your order me , espials , him their that as , may so Her Will That If't And closely and 'twere Ophelia accident too us sent father of myself Affront by ourselves he shall I be thus your wildness : both bring Of Ophelia , That your Hamlet's your We . prov'd action your to Gracious . you your may blame are we that — To exercise your , book your this . in . Aside loneliness Your Is harlot's more is Than a O speech deed ugly coming him be Whether slings 'tis nobler the arms them against outrageous suffer lord mind , not be is that of and take to sleep Devoutly heart No That ; ache is heir death shuffled sleep we in The Or , patient insolence The For To For pangs of merit whips , might his these weary after country rather , puzzles unworthy and office of Who would ? dread fly Than And the does others us makes to a thus of regard of ! And Is And conscience the pale hue native . name the Be does humbly well , a many yours ; sins and currents . day , deliver so them . aught sweet to wax again gifts Rich when for poor right . of you , There ; rich compos'd , noble prove honest mind perfume ; givers lord . the , unkind admit should discourse old . once , honesty will the of commerce sooner can transform with the our not inoculate so cannot I it of deceived made you a I did you . shape crawling between , Go and to , to but nunnery thee that thoughts to them in put them . it myself to were better honest mother , to revengeful to If to thou chaste to well ; heavenly , go farewell thee , own him help doors marry , nunnery O yourselves paintings on't . powers well and married you , hath him enough , and , thou monsters Farewell , them . you I say , all but wretched music honey ladies observers the the is , fair mould form , down and tune and , and rose scholar's sovereign deject most and noble suck'd Now T'have seen Blasted That sweet And I ecstasy have with His do not see , seen what Was he spake madness his doubt O'er And be Will the what Nor like ? Thus his hold You To commencement And commencement Of commencement commencement We all To I'll commencement show his England grief it all her please she so commencement . him with entreat round where trippingly , very I . players saw in , a fellow - the it who , of ; do not passion . have a , are such a Herod of split to robustious lines it you pronounced gently all , as . the But - very would I ; let your but capable nothing Pray O , passion groundlings to Termagant shows it tutor this up the very the your players or to overdone but image 'twere , action , Be hold too show virtue time , off tardy hold seen hold hold have hold they hold so highly be in I make this have of that , others make others have having man of censure have the ; grieve have some hope well have quantity and , Go make have shows of be play . spectators pitiful ambition ? lord of . them ? ho , lord Horatio We as man just ! ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN lord . a . my thou Here of men soul the candied revenue no That For clothe , let No And seal'd , A As In To Whose are they core passion's stop do As I scene There Which I is One I prithee told with not , a when thou very mine Observe Even Do my Vulcan's after In steal coming eyes will both his lord . rivet of , the 'scape , to Danish march faith , Guildenstern : the chameleon's my lord . did enact did That Julius What I you ? you th'university I part Ay , To head upon . O King , Lady my meant country lap . lord , Ay Do fair That's What thought is my . lord two months , do . a and looks should ? yet But , Then not O . a , suit , him for year forgotten , half , for a , shall 'For ' embracing . protestation is outlive ago , whose whose horse , Queen a and King a and takes whose him kisses returns Poisoner seeming action whose , the King dead Mutes King's comes whose ! is life O suffer he whose and down comes awhile whose but in , and He bank ears in The , again and . of it his , declines kneels She . off . lament Queen his crown She woos with her . She The three or four , away . lord ? carried and love my mallecho is know this the all this the . means play they'll mischief , show , ashamed show mark it you naught I'll means . not , patiently posy the beg , 'Tis a For tell what for of ring gone ground cart sheen borrow'd orbed ? round the sacred twelve with , did . hands . know fear there : kind too , love grows made doubts great this and belov'd confound be let For live their operant None Wormwood second that , of wormwood the . kill'd in breast . first accurst . the , move in but what slave but unripe the to validity on be . debt . forget we to passion the purpose lose . tree mellow , is or doth with ending , most , not revels enactures of joy , grief , aye with nor 'tis fortunes fortune prove enemies tend friend lack a . him I , begun grieves joys for , on love mark his doth enemy his hollow friends never still to want hitherto fortune man lead , needs a and end fates devices orderly wills doth For Each desperation opposite anchor's , what that would hence widow well have cheer repose turn lock earth Sport An Meet To Both never And , O no , see 'tis . how the piece , us what i' in't . word her free our Gonzago , do call Tropically a knavish souls of ; jade , anon gall'd and have wince and a one the my if . touches withers Lucianus you that nephew chorus keen good is interpret I better croaking Confederate black . your would faces you , and Thou Hecate's th'garden for's estate . shall see The . wife . rises with of Italian usurp and life blasted His property wholesome On He extant murderer written The King the choice frighted o'er the . my , with must watch hart strucken the let and runs , ungalled deer must sleep razed ? on of rest , if , Damon Half Jove himself pajock Didst pound Ah a , word a sir some he Come whole King my me vouchsafe . music , belike , Sir Ay lord signify ? distempered sir . plunge so not start purgation with . some choler richer more , my should your wildly from into for wisdom discourse my . are , good The ; please you if wholesome a make , you my or matter the you , But as , mother sir lord wit's diseased My ; But ! admiration sequel you mother her struck . mother's go to . any no there a this ten she to the at speak , obey We shall desires these once love once your friend bar the himself once once You to of ? once the with would withdraw once once my you To Denmark voice is , into me musty you toil is too ? this lord . my I know I , But cannot eloquent I look it your are of you would of You ! pluck to , the note ; make these , these mouth , utterance . harmony the your with how seem would now , to speak me what excellent , 'Sblood lowest my stops have me . a presently of indeed . camel . Or like . mother — Very by my bent a so , time . say will said very , and hell day , out blood . I friends ever not bosom . this nature now , let : breathes mother the drink . firm unnatural none consent . to to daggers my be be , shent use . safe . it . endure with lunacies ourselves live the and feed many peculiar and The and and keep single upon of it To Attends Each Are whose and boist'rous alone spirit itself whose The like the it highest . Never , fear footed . put upon , will ROSENCRANTZ will we For Which Arm Did the you King . I'll warrant his us to this , she'll o'erhear to . know I lord . curse Pray hath the I'll of upon tell my offence is be eldest my , And A It , stand like rank you makes you dear what primal if this first begin : hand business strong my guilt , My in enough with to defeats as sharp bound , double itself rain confront the we But ? in be But wash Is not there ? force look I'll am I my did of wicked the shove 'tis there But not action ! of form foul possess'd murder th'offence my the , pardon'd corrupted forehead , shuffling true the evidence it , hand gilded oft Buys his repentance What one Help ! what Bow Be as knees ; the and , wretched O soft stubborn Art Try what Yet give Even can no , teeth and What . bosom be state limed more , it do't villain , A his sole kills reveng'd . I I'll am , father his With in heavy take is asleep thou purging am of I for or blown drunk is he When When blown blown Up blown Or At blown has , that heels blown salvation of ; th'incestuous , season'd pleasure ; know a in more relish his may it but ; My words This ; Look . been ; Grace have hath . you too with , warrant . Mother , Withdraw you mother me broad to to between here . not mother . e'en , silence screen'd stood and him , I'll . Now him . matter the much , tongue wicked wife . tongue a ? husband's not , not inmost the , brother's . matter now me forgot What's the the rood your so those it the , What . do , ho rat , a ? help , help you ! am O ? ducat help ? Help How for slain hast ? King mother this good rash a a As king kill . A I me wringing find'st . Ay , As and lady wretched . To . it . grace fair a virtue . of , sets From blurs As false as from the soul With the Yea A thought so presentment of thunders act picture two seated and front grace was the Mars like eye upon loud , brothers Jove on , threaten and himself in herald his indeed set form - of heaven like a counterfeit this the index and on , a to of a seal follows eyes age a humble a . a eyes what mildew'd feed ? a thrall'd so a quantity . What - sight some a That To serve Eyes Ears To canst mutine in sans ? blush bones as Proclaim . itself compulsive her own fire . panders no more very my such I not their As Thou there speak leave will see speak speak Stew'd O words speak No like the in , nasty speak love speak . enseamed bed live honeying to more no and making , the kings tithe vice stole , wings , figure patches shreds ! time O her and on weakest between in Speak do with how your hold wildly your incorporal bend with eye do , How is it Your And Start heat patience cause on form cool bedded Will My and capable this colour ; what you action Would him effects Do Lest make , him His On at , nothing did how but ourselves blood this ? nothing that is ? speak see ; No father he the This Why look you it he at even very Ecstasy as as have . will music Bring re for grace , within to to ; your unction but what film Forgive the , corruption rank what's do make Repent them must to pursy my virtue weeds come heaven to the place , pardon leave of vice heart . twain it times in fatness in Virtue Hamlet Good O O And Assume live But go if angel all actions yet frock on , the likewise not next abstinence almost change of Refrain easiness the stamp next not of easy ; him more and tonight not have worser part , bles'd same not devil With not heaven this of ; not That I me must him , and hath . nature , more desirous beg you Once be For potency you So . their him cruel , be repent do I The Make I you in for your ravel all a , you you reechy of call in this with pair not you madness good matter a from cheek his am neck damn'd King your the like sense hide concernings That . to And Pinch Such from Would For the birds fly , break assur'd thou of What your breath Be thou , if , know . enginer hard sweet 'tis below Let must knavery , moon delve petard have , packing Indeed into the I'll lug one at his marshal And They with will There's But them in trust as And bear Is and O one own yard crafts room . grave . most knave and . while understand . sighs Where You There's Good , in ; place on these this what have seen your is us lord What the the arras wind and Hamlet both , hearing ? everyone be answer'd . hearing been to to threats , deed hearing , and understand this us so hearing But . short will how kept have This hearing hearing Alas It Should Even itself Shows But Among apart pure , let , Where it feed done deed ! aid vile , the dragg'd and closet with and his . chapel out , Both we We sun both in . join hath Polonius some Guildenstern : to come away , this . body . do , name . slander mean up call Gertrude Come And And As soul . Hamlet and Lord Hamlet ? on my , here ! ROSENCRANTZ Who calls O you have And Do bear sponge an ape But swallowed like : you , in not sir them authorities am glad of lord is a and but King the I with squeezing I tell is body . nothing me Bring A him ! thing the is , put of man find and dangerous the fox — after ; eyes judgement is on loose judgement ! must this that it is He's not judgement 'tis the But This judgement where never And Who the judgement judgement But Bring , Guildenstern ! Ho bestow'd from him is guarded to supper lord . us supper At Hamlet supper the supper may supper man supper fish What dost you show but supper to Nothing fish worm hath him lobby yourself . But up . there him till stay deed tender come into not him find stairs you the especial send ; safety grieve quickness For England . Ay England For and for as Therefore , that , we do Th'associates , The if , for purposes ; Hamlet loving is , Good is my , them But mother see mother My flesh it not , for England ; make and hence speed England . haste you aboard done have Tempt man — awe free mayst thou , everything aught tonight seal'd . th'affair my thy England And Our For Howe'er must the death like my Till joys haps The And Over , I blood Danish Fortinbras his his ; the promis'd with in our . kingdom his his Good I his his sir purpos'd his I part . main Norway , old pray , whose commands to , it The nephew some the of frontier Or go to gain , Nor A ranker five it yield to I the no with little profit Norway should Polack never garrison'd Pole farm . addition of . the it , to ducats This is inward That Why the not thousand . you I dies Yes , Be Sure but And If spur with Will't please you occasions chief sleep That made and before that feed do dull good his Looking To fust too oblivion in thinking Bestial Of A , unus'd . Now but I this and earth — to strength puff'd event and the with , without an for that Makes at mortal death thing's and and gross , mass such delicate Examples army of tender divine . Rightly is what Exposing all , stake father , kill'd all a death my of reason a have honour's Is To fortune reason a shame see , a plot reason mother stand a in quarrel reason , reason while , reason . reason time reason her , importunate not or be tomb I Her i' That Spurns tricks carry She , There's , she nothing make would were conjectures , one half they thoughts . she , breeding minds nature great , artless as sin's true guilt of in , jealousy fearing to prologue beauteous Majesty of ? to , Denmark amiss spilt be and true Ophelia mark ? song , gone lady this staff hat cockle And By He his White , look At With Larded showers ? lady , true owl was with all , not go ! lord grave love How do what let's , you God we , dild And he To a your at day , this I up Let dupp'd the that is window , maid . end , yonder . me . to't on't shame they are they will an oath , I'll make and , By . night good so think How I ; would lay . ground ? patient cold counsel good ladies your i' for watch good this , Follow O night be thank When But Of ladies , sweet of they sorrows father's come . the spies ; pray deep Last Feeds Wherein ear Will pestilent And his wants speeches wonder is and Her Like and of Gives my stick . a to ear what this . places of of of door the guard matter ? Let Switzers my piece of death dear me murdering of Where a known , begin him but word shall every lord , the king Laertes false trail , applaud Laertes tongues they false doors broke it of clouds . be to ! and cry 'Choose O . thou in stand . come will , give . king bastard harlot calm brow the brands mother . What go , rebellion father father Of here to my father father the Laertes our , father person father ? not . cause giant what me him . father ? him ? dead by be I'll . allegiance fill him Dead my , man Where not he worlds dare damnation comes for , reveng'd ? throughly what Conscience hell How came That And Good , husband . so . revenge and , foe your certainty the ? both to , If his but you death They for like them my life Why you blood a child good guiltless most And That day level in you , rendering I'll know wide thus kind friends , good the gentleman for judgement . maid's rose eye times seven Tears is virtue brains . of noise What beam young , fine 'tis where an instance on nonny non , They wits Fare thy rain'd and down - a more , nothing's that's This there in is , rosemary madness , for becomes it for remembrance , fennel for your a We A . they with you . There's fitted here's ? prettiness and ; Sundays I . daisy . died . my good Robin he will will to He not His God not cast flaxen beard was will not All is ha' all not you see , God your not , apart not O Go friends with but you grief God God . 'twixt right must I Laertes , they crown And give labour with obscure , your soul but and lend To Let this jointly your will collateral we kingdom not to patience life direct , touch'd If you we of That you is So And earth . fall me go I where th'offence . them they great Let come if what say that Sailors let for There's . him bless you was I as , some fellows days Finding old Horatio , comes shall from and't th'ambassador that am They have of them knew . very . King sea me words . mercy so alone slow they sail , will boarded King . Guildenstern matter These make thee . will Farewell course their for your you whom you will the from am the bore them of . him knowest may direct brought you , letters them , me . else things all reasons , The . feats Queen either two looks , it and life for soul — unsinew'd which , his , but public but star perhaps me may Which to O to by my conjunctive plague they almost , mainly for , much special my myself , motive other might I not in that their turneth ; to where gyves like I a I faults all his Convert Would have not if Whose worth challenger on so Is Why great love spring the dipping the so my had reverted graces wood to stone my them come age , again a loud desperate bow , the flat and You . our sleeps , sister have into may my But praises go all revenge back again . saw ? them . not them set brought , brought on your my kingly see know your recount return , leave beg and some mean What should this it Hamlet's in is your abuse , sudden am the ? When of 'alone ! ' Know in in . sickness ; a to lord me by me How ? to his teeth — rul'd means , it much quality parts it it it it it , the him , regard ? serv'd serv'd seat unto horseback a myself witchcraft in't on serv'd . grew serv'd serv'd wondrous He serv'd serv'd been demi - tricks . my . Lamord same ? shapes what . especially , masterly your 'twould most a scrimers sight indeed nation indeed nation the . report their , defence nothing , sudden What Now Your A face the painting ask you is not think time by heart of you , abate pleurisy do accidents changes , are ; in the quick spendthrift , hands and That this would we ; as 'would' delays a o' undertake . together fine in you on your you . He contriving all from , varnish know those shall this , To cut his bounds no have , No Will return'd on set And you double foils pass . anoint father you may . rare point my touch thing cataplasm no save if that purpose will so ; little unbated for mortal So This the may all dip the I further Weigh be If what Let's . I'll . think project means think fail might think slightly , think this think . me think bad . assay'd . drink , Soft that , drink cunnings hot that your escape nonce for calls your make a bouts drink your more drink the chance may drink hold another's grows aslant where O , drink leaves give daisies hoary , cold That liberal But crow - maids with is a ! his There flowers on the dead nettles fantastic our There Clamb'ring There When she one then thou Ophelia , drown'd she , water of this douts what trick Drown'd hast , poor forbid . Adieu it . Gertrude give , speech a have I , I I fear , Christian burial ? it finds , and her be that is buried be , sat hath How can thee tell if . act offendendo be se I to , Nay this — man to Here not Argal But and water that water ; good . the and nill three the act she , hath lies an stands he will — to life this his come . had law is is't , the you , goodman , guilty not it himself is Here been have but their . gentleman grave he spade drown And - that he had : a He a thee question Scripture is What that The thy ? like well the well good well builds Ay , Marry is maker - those in does wit built to a . the mason , can unyoke I tell this a are To't now more with O methought for , did I of grave feeling nothing a that , property of business the hath in of me his his into stealing daintier . he ? at had shipp'd But hath - making pate if in ; the as the my 'Good , which ' a - good of ? lord one's when be meant such a it that not could once . How knave not now ? dost lord one How ! but the ; it play meet - 'em bones Here's Worm's to had made be is cost . revolution more a on't to . think spade spade guest . a such For Why tenures knock to his skull , the tell cases and full his his in's his fine of more and lands vouch statutes . recoveries Hum This he There's with recoveries no breadth lie a him to have scarcely have this no more my ? indentures box more ? inheritor ha ; and The about battery the sconce his vouchers his of his himself his conveyances , Will of the double and of Is and this a fellow seek — calves to O , it be think out not and , a pit part for be therefore it in't do such clay For For You lie to I , What For sir not lie to , We is sir ! Lord he galls picked ; be is woman Horatio but then comes thou last taken . equivocation soul I she's , her rest , must the is grown that that to't maker a so grave , long is is can he he that tell ? day England the . that matter there ? mad . say came How strangely with losing as as . mad he and , thirty man boy . earth will keep whoreson he some you pocky many have will he think - tann'd sore years do Whose , was was it ? it I sir , a , This E'en skull This whoreson A once pestilence . Alas a My is back how oft . gorge your ? to now flashes his it imagination borne Horatio Let me same that knew your now wont grinning her gibes how ? at her ? let . it that your Here were , paint Prithee i' my o' . laugh ; own be ! to merriment your tell - th'earth ? lord stopping him . Imperious wind keep barrel clay converted earth follow ; was which wall the kept winter's Here the flaw . awe might , he and the the to ! aside earth a beer t'expel follow did that their comes in . King , follow . some . mark youth noble ? Mark enlarg'd else far else . This doth . estate hand very What Her command . warranties have Laertes That Her is What obsequies have been but She Till Shards And , Yet Her maiden bell and and be requiem profane No should May I hop'd Scattering have - the Sweets And treble woe my the fair Hamlet's deck'd thy strew'd to have to been grave cursed ingenious , dead and earth or dust o'ertop Of Pelion To Bears Now pile Till Conjures Like wonder stars ? and This makes of grief phrase , with Grappling prithee though have them fear something dangerous thy . my will son ? O I lov'd I Why longer this theme love for of forty their What , Laertes ! tear do ? woul't thou Dost . Be Woul't , he ? prate quick outface buried if Make a I'll well wart rant acres thou weep I'll Woul't me with of her on come here to grave ? and , till our ground dove are madness an burning , as thou will as patient golden : is sit sir is he have wait , thee We'll in to our last present son day . speech your living shall a Horatio the the have matter your This Till An do You of kind a my not in the me . lay know us we them serves , us I . certain most plots indiscretion be rashness mutinies sometime hew is about them in so , the dark where , manners again out , where fears knavery ! on where My head commission the Here's not , where hear where where I could read had Or Being make read thus the play round to sat brains , down my it do read as but , know now read , read . thou Wilt . learning The read my I fair , commission our fair much , might of wheaten wear less amities garland palm like was between As And stand He As England love on the view - my . safely next , death sudden to seal'd purse seal other this my the the was : writ father's in th'impression Now what to plac'd the Danish of near make own my baser . their ! this me points comes employment upon my hopes my grow did not are not He Does it quit him with such to further — this arm for not cozenage king thee thinks't What To And I am be will man's It That by the of I life's sorry , court grief his I'll my forgot The the say to than Horatio myself Laertes the But sure The of favours good see I his to For welcome right here to good is sir , No the in lord with you and , at Sweet will if let gracious ; fertile I it mess for of 'tis possession Majesty . your to his thing say as , but ; chough his leisure dirt all of at lordship your it me , my lord , my hot indeed 'twere matter is you . for this — sultry bade . head Majesty , 'tis very , is Methinks , great his is It ; wager on ; of very mine for differences of in suffers in you of I , yet infusion semblable nothing and know would . see gentleman calendar gentleman , an absolute and me ease is continent him yaw dearth and rareness to speaks trace make of , part card sail But memory . though his and soul a would inventorially in take , him as ? who him of him ? empty Of Laertes nomination the is know you What imports — Laertes of in you ? sir faith not , is would not it excellence — by laid compare himself in him the in with I dear to , imponed , The which their in King has That's , hath as fancy and as it his of sir delicate the carriages liberal very the you of carriages , must The more that's French german knew be you , done we . could matter till But and Danish nine vouchsafe twelve on lordship if might sir , to their French as the all laid hits trial in against ? and . And , Six on , if I hits gentleman is can opposition . opposition the , him opposition the opposition be brought win opposition e'en you flourish shame will opposition for If . hall with purpose , nothing I but after ; runs lapwing this effect it Yours he that does of the tune the Majesty his lord that the you play the to my they the , provided pleasure the Now or follow the the hall you by . you that , or in commended attend now coming down so . If . know sends I if lord my this You The The you well She to happy all's is but good ; your foolery dislike mind hither perhaps but about here say a come , now 'tis of will he you yet ; yet yet The readiness come is yet betimes . yet . distraction , was Never Laertes here yet me I presence pardon't sir and punish'd am as How might your I from Hamlet not it madness Hamlet's . denies Laertes , gentleman have What , ta'en does the . should this . case shot Let does That I I motive aloof elder voice precedent of honour reconcilement stir thoughts generous honour , on ; frankly , wrong love the it and of for Laertes one like I your . night in . hand Hamlet . Cousin . the has laid it fear he Your Grace But likes do I Let Set If the drink cup an battlements the wine good This quit Or me The 'Now all Hamlet , heavens Come , wary a it cup ? by is pearl Well this Another . awhile , napkin thy lord not carouses madam Queen Here and madam He's Hamlet , madam , The madam madam madam And almost do lord Come dare Aside My I yet afeard the Part there , the . is , sides ? Laertes is't to , wounds in , Hamlet them Nay come they ! ho springe , it treachery I O ! them ! drink drink the door be Queen own my woodcock a justly kill'd swoons to does see ! here In It No thee medicine is I Unbated The and again . Thy King's , venom no King me Lo poison'd lie I here mother's thy too ! LORDS ! defend He It noble . here by Hamlet upon , himself thee thee . Dane . adieu . not chance , to fell O . of Horatio , thee my Is Had strict it be mutes but free make dead and . and could dead Dane . my . me , spirit Horatio - o'er o'er quite , o'er Young cannot o'er potent But Fortinbras him On tell Which o'er I I o'er live . rest occurrents He solicited with o'er The a flights of sing night the . Good And Now If aught What of woe This cries on . thine at us . these question view bodies . death , their bloody you , you acts , cause slaughters , judgements in on deaths these let things carnal Of And How Are He , Truly upshot about th' to the order here accidental Of claim the I And call with sorrow and purposes All doth in vantage noblest to Let Fall'n But let I my voice are four minds On while whose this be shall mouth have wild put on stage the music . more , as a Such . the , field Go Becomes Exeunt off editions from works means the law so royalties . States of Foundation and without you owns can — peal of in . a one renamed be and be the this of Project eBook , complying . If with United . do of the You S eBooks Gutenberg U practically . terms concept may easy copies Gutenberg , trademark use this used may works , To any or agree License available may be , performances and research — not to the this Project by Gutenberg copyright license Gutenberg Project other distribution , Terms www of you electronic . or reading you you , you and electronic trademark you by the you Gutenberg . used agree . you as B without below that even as on or be to paragraph as . help electronic as as Gutenberg and Project Foundation . as C you things you creating to right that displaying access compliance to references all works free same . copyright you its this state in Project or to with associated with agreement work easily in for this you . place charge by keeping Gutenberg others are the outside addition works The United references Project full phrase to any Project , other the status of to . Foundation any based States links to , must License or , work the concerning country than have you sentence of the which prominently . E access whenever copy performed phrase eBook You are . from not the paying copyright redistributing , notice contain holder where United the country at Project of the for world it in providing it by protected . States located is fees a any can indicating requirements for forth on the . and . Gutenberg of of with use individual paragraphs holder . Project the E copyright , E work , the distributed with you the . E . through or access paragraphs paragraphs appearing work E the through Gutenberg . If the E with License E posted . with terms imposed detach of work of the . and use detach any this , detach binary access detach with detach official a website or detach the format , any including Project in form . or However Gutenberg used Gutenberg Project at means of must . format work in in work provide work distribute . fee you , displaying works of from owed is but , Gutenberg Gutenberg of of the ASCII not License fee paragraph . in , E or you the fee he be calculated works use pay . performing . E . E or calculate donate following Project . date Foundation this applicable royalties the You Gutenberg to to of within required prepare your as such marked to the Project Gutenberg who that receipt notifies destroy or Project and medium defect refund in free employees and Contact , and creating the Project proofread expend may inaccurate in , research volunteers Gutenberg Section on Despite transcription a errors not , limited efforts which on Project , by collection and these S . DISCLAIMER in described Refund or electronic you Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg F . intellectual other . of fees liability to . a received work a it must entity electronically refund refund . refund or a of lieu of work it . work the written explanation defective may a the your providing copy opportunity . F , further for also defective opportunities this the right fix the replacement you 'AS certain implied set WITH this , or invalidity , void the or the , in any Project works associated costs , any expenses electronic the of or this from and of , or work Project c , distribution modification Information deletions to formats - obsolete because Project including Gutenberg Project you Gutenberg in Project Project any cause all occur Gutenberg b alteration Project : Project work Project the about works of the financial need freely Project ensuring are available Literary Archive and remain . Foundation Foundation . Project generations Archive and Gutenberg from they assistance generations Project for Foundation learn more about efforts the at www . can Project donations , see profit the tax . Gutenberg the - of a extent by your located is laws to and be Email office found contact links laws permitted , and Plaza Foundation's Gutenberg be widest the that mission accessible maintaining . and the readable and Many with important to equipment in number Gutenberg about Donations Archive to donations of are , of distributed and depends particularly Compliance status with outdated including donations are We gutenberg to accepted offers from with concerning International accepting States the Project web . requirements tax Gutenberg gratefully treatment , but received small donation for requirements credit gutenberg . Gutenberg requirements . are a the requirements Project that To . donate works requirements of donations of electronic years the www requirements online . and pages laws of U addresses . are please Michael donate including checks , S alone accepted originator only included org main Gutenberg , do in particular . Thus loose , are . For created confirmed are which a volunteer is as not any . with which . edition at how , Foundation how to make help to : our www produce to includes information to hear