Stand Stand , Stand Stand Stand Stand struck now 'Tis If my you do Well a , good them , Who there Marcellus . Dane the night . who . is ? liegemen Give to good hath Give Holla , A Horatio , thing has , honest place my you Horatio is Barnardo tonight again . our appear'd ? nothing seen , Welcome will Horatio dreaded again eyes 'twill us we two fortified nights approve if , I sight let not Tush Touching us When , Thou art a ? heaven pole , of part myself . Horatio , fear and , dead . King it Mark to it wonder be to Horatio of night , speak ! pale ! and eyes ! Before Is it Of might sensible own ! had he art ! to once in angry the on ! avouch the was very thyself , God my Without the he the , stalk before smote 'Tis and jump this at gone to he and gross in the thought our my know watch dead hour . land war . the this labourer me the implements of opinion he cannon whose sweaty haste ? so ; shipwrights Sunday , that the toward that can goes whisper the image prick'd Thereto , Was At the Whose , even combat to For Did so this Did forfeit slay Dar'd this Well Which Against the To And . as ; of , the Fortinbras by of same , hot and , our state hand enterprise resolutes lawless to us by those , it . chief and some doth to watch a And But by watch The source Is of I watch Well A the watch graves stars As watch in with Disasters watch The whose and still omen together on demonstrated where . it of , use be done , events eclipse fierce preceding the me and climatures though hast thou be do to , or sound Speak any Speak art happily privy Or Which Extorted treasure you the uphoarded , Marcellus it it Stay . partisan my ! gone so ! the To We it it the show being violence invulnerable , with stand not ! as , when 'Tis 'Tis here 'Tis vain to it , that his sea his , Whether Awake , Wherein , in Th'extravagant and . This present confine , dawning , our no singeth birth 'gainst crowing that all is planets power no hath then ever of nights then The The So we Break Let , do yon have , to duty ? in part believe mantle him know and conveniently . morning and with our brother's Attendant . dear one and in in with this , our warlike auspicious as jointress to 'twere sister , sometime state defeated joy eye marriage , barr'd , dear dream of with pester surrender brother valiant father this be by supposal late worth Fortinbras young have know of and , law for meeting him of lands , us of disjoint weak a Holding , lists and and in impotent Norway for by Lost To , Who You For bearers to business The this his and nephew's : to King and things some suit what's . reason What thy Laertes ? not wouldst . be not more native Than What hand shall You told And You That lose us your head is not my instrumental thou lord to , duty to Denmark , France ? slow last go thine son time ; and to consent at me says , on kin cousin Hamlet lord , it the clouds I my , much the sun ? colour cast thy friend thy lids . die like father all noble common through , the Denmark , i' you kind , eye of indeed truly that actions me haviour fruitful the nor windy Nor not madam Seems suspiration it , suits of of river in the shows man passeth forc'd black visage , might show play Hamlet ; course grief to to , common is unschool'd , vulgar be must most we know the any Why As In filial a , and , dead , fathers We ' , till a , absurd most , corse our , thing to cried earth , his son , and , cousin cheer back , lose chiefest in we is Do that dearest impart going Here pray best madam . a loving Denmark and This as Be Re speaking rouse earthly ; in accord clouds heaven Denmark the drinks , flesh solid too thunder to bruit . melt dew fie nay king it That Oh all stale had Everlasting - me weary How Seem . excellent to he a to months But canon As not , O Like it Hyperion So That her Must Visit I , she tears — Frailty ere — wants poor shoes name my followed Why married . in it , heart , such married She With left Ere Than Had yet the dexterity the Hercules wicked cannot I for nor of salt . most you well myself . tongue ! lord friend you Horatio — sir Wittenberg even . Good you , faith to in make from — from good lord , name that very Against what your . you deep in affair to your to your I know drink your fellow lord I prithee your your Thrift your My it Or ever , I father Did had seen methinks marriage foe day see king . goodly him take , not , like Saw lord admiration With an Upon the My ? saw yesternight him hear me let to you these . Marcellus encounter'd and God's them truncheon's length oppress'd slow before dumb and jelly and whilst him they not ; fear , secrecy to , In And , I , of the as , These , apparition The Where not where to ; we ? it : made up lifted It But Itself we let did To know you it , indeed Indeed , As And do Arm'd say , lord . you and my BARNARDO of this tonight We , Hold , lord Then , From My saw , from to toe foot you not his or And fix'd , Pale It his . tell . long amaz'd . haste and BARNARDO been there . in silver'd it , as I Perchance I it speak A I grizzled seen was have , was will walk again . to you So , no , else have it And the Our mine in spirit foul : the ! would o'erwhelm to deeds men's night , arms play still my All foul sister convoy , necessaries My , from that . sleep give not you ? benefit . winds the assistant , as let But more and No Think crescent it perfume not in youth the suppliance more , blood in and a nature not more For bulk nature more more grow this mind to do choice this , unvalu'd more his will soil . service no ; of Perhaps , he now And wide Grows for sanctity the And It give is As weigh main his he in his yielding so deed saying your wisdom particular goes honour chaste importunity unmaster'd or , your your ; sister of danger is beauty maid her to calumnious not itself To his heart your of she If Out the in Ophelia lose Or keep 'scapes galls rebels best safety buttons infants Virtue And Youth watchman shall to as some ungracious of good good dalliance . rede own me not my father treads libertine , comes pastors But . my this Do Show As heart not steep puff'd path his grace . shoulder , of aboard second shame sail my thy in . the ? Laertes smiles is blessing long sits here Look are you The thy express'd Give not For best the ; rich and thy fancy as th'opposed to - not that Grapple But each Are of they most a loan Neither For a And every man thine apparel oft borrower loses dulls both thine own itself lender be chief rank both of be husbandry . both ; both nor self friend both in this my , both key , both it said lock'd to my your take remember and Ophelia said go ; late very bethought hath well something to private Have my in 'Tis Farewell the memory yourself keep shall you . free I the clearly tell bounteous yourself . your made his that If He my Pooh in Affection you Do hath you , You his lord my , tenders what you circumstance a . green Of , you thus to are Which Marry not Or may In , he hath fashion , Even in must Be You something your so Believe Than Than of not Not Breathing But like beguile better would not mere may his which unholy suits they few may he is , Ophelia walk he from of ; you that so talk any This and believe implorators sanctified plain or charge you my ways your this leisure . is it shrewdly a bites What now ? air . cold lord , obey I Indeed It is nipping and an . the lord Rhenish . am ; native ? is't a Ay , manner Is triumph The of his it to And More This honour'd They Makes us us clepe our marrow , indeed at men in not , guilty grace dram a it , goblin his , From that all To the Shall censure may man as particular general Doth Look Thou burst Dane ignorance in answer defend or , I'll charitable shape hell us comes lord of or call hearsed , cerements their not canoniz'd in royal father thus dead thee Hath cast , night So thoughts why , waves Look But do to with No , not you by speak not means removed follow . it , sea , lord , form . reason of horrible of the brain the my , go off Hold on It . beneath me . ghost Go , imagination thee me follow that . nerve lion's artery out in me Unhand of with — desperate Something is on call'd I heaven I Nay thus will what state ? come . Denmark . no I'll go hearing unfold shall lend ghost myself ! serious . flames . hear I what I to Speak thou To tell could ears flesh didst and thou If of each ; soul to , spheres blood list — O unnatural ! father be . unnatural love . wharf the swift sweep I stir given not know't May Haste me meditation my find shouldst itself , so process , his ! adulterate that O Ay , his wit witchcraft will seduce that of off was with vow to to seeming a in , to made I those , To With , O Hamlet me , to of That From The , it of lust But With ! soft let in the an with , through body ; milk it , effect did vial ; loathsome once sin : crust hand dispatch'd account head my her thy But Let horrible With If Against thy And mother worm - to her aught ; nor in well near , be my most bear and pursu'st leave this damned Denmark act soul , bosom her thee . shows pale . fie grow , sinews ghost of my memory , else . once at be fire me matin the to adieu uneffectual ! thee not O , O ? hell host of this Yea of That thy and and matter O one it are . adieu sure am . Within with villain At That . My may least , you 'Adieu I . HORATIO lord and have , Hamlet secure Lord , lord . my MARCELLUS Illo . Hillo ho ho , boy ! lord of then , lord man secret think ? grave from all an this i' right , at : the knave ? Denmark come ; the part , part poor you ; right , Why I without fit it hold , every For You are It And much too offence honest you as your For Nor sworn have sword already indeed . faith my the lord my , upon , sayst Art sword . our my , upon gentlemen , Swear Beneath . hither we'll again you heard . work remove Canst . But . mercy , myself shall antic hereafter on me shall , shake , would' , to not need . most me Beneath Swear your at of , pronouncing such Or such to list we That So , love rest all And May still do willing And With what his I spirit commend as Let lips us in cursed I to , is you go . right it . your of out your , The is joint , was come born will I and Reynaldo , are , expense Danskers ; question , more of nearer him . keep . it Look ; they where . did well means touch will and his of it you in . friends , well him none of , and liberty most and heed put very so rank 'not ; mean on wild . mean mean swearing may my be What in part mean But , may if't such noted take , mean , mean ; incontinency on him dishonour in the . him faults another put he meaning they my That is : seem , drabbing , would My lord must no savageness of his blood this know . that , warrant my th' crimes consequence , this , Mark thing Your a breathe with so to According Of man the or closes you the little slight , here's guilty of or phrase country lord and ; Very good , to was the so in consequence and 'gentleman marry the day , say , as you . reach of of and lecture . have You lord find I have you . me advice you wi' his Observe my shall let And my ply his music . the My , Farewell now lord Alas How , Pale No Lord , Ungart'red , My know , thy he would his a That shatter , end his And And rais'd did being seem As Then with He it such to last thrice it head his he all profound down , face he stay'd . Long piteous and done to his seem'd He What This Whose fordoes desperate will I seek love , King ? judgement age jealousy ! me mad to opinions . Guildenstern see , you hate we close utter and use ; th'exterior long . be I so call heard you it thus , both companies in here rest him open'd gentlemen , That So as , talk'd it you living will , remembrance our thanks , not our men , supply and much adheres am show he whom To And As Your to Might your Put , As your pleasures to Than obey beseech changed I instantly , Pleasant these make amen , our where . to my . return'd . news . good soul sure King my hold and — to first Give of that do Hamlet's that policy liege , Assure ? lord my , Both do my hold , sift him . brother our from and sent to appear'd suppress him he ; and impotence , arrests out sends , whereat the he in , truly Polack out , in more Majesty fine griev'd found , 'gainst into look'd his sickness your , his , commission thousand Norway of arms in which ; three him levied an Gives old , to herein of , labour : we'll home welcome at and thank rest we Go This night this we'll ; time consider'd us you And , Most for , be My day And be I call is't tediousness Therefore , waste limbs brief since brevity is the and noble define . less with with go nothing to be let But will with What Mad Madam with us grant the the daughter a effect , 'tis farewell , with use no with . with with ; mark , obedience cause . remains now And of of thus effect , Perpend , the remainder the you and phrase given Hath me this . Now idol Who my That's an ill Came stay stars fire move to ? to art , best this his hath my daughter to means , solicitings show'd by and she hath do of What of But All more in This evermore that man As perceiv'd , I , told my Or had daughter so love . you I would But hot what wing , work dumb , weakness a into he , think we . declension , this by , wherein wail for this 'tis from When Hath If truth Within may hid , we me further the he walks You centre the sometimes So he try . time I'll it in . behind If his assistant and We But But me the Be And a try away reading . thereon , state for fall'n carters . comes both give . you sadly the beseech Hamlet leave me , my God - my ? a - my you would Then sir if the Have be to kissing good , but . he far gone , to't blessing my . do What suffered Still conceive . fishmonger — purging lack wit thick I ? lord the . that tree weak , I yet yet wrinkled Though you wrinkled this be walk out the air wrinkled wrinkled reason which wrinkled leave wrinkled will on wrinkled sometimes him . you daughter and . my of and my leave I life my willingly there Hamlet go except Fare to You To Polonius ! earth . of the dost , Guildenstern ye how thou happy are over very . shoe we Fortune's we children that are not the . of lord Neither Fortune my but , near Nor the Then waist , live you about parts of lord . none 'tis We thinking your ambition be bounded in one a not that ; the of bad dream substance the mind narrow nutshell it space ambitious A hold dream Shall our speak To it friends am dear . a dear too no poor I that ? enough I lord Queen sent Come inclining looks . are even own with thanks but halfpenny there . you is of for and . speak have ; lord my , me . consonancy , and withal preserved by must fellowship ever colour to then the love even for Guildenstern . King know the excellent canopy majestical thing firmament most . angel an in What appears a , goodly frame other the lord My your then , such no , delights in thoughts so nor stuff when not coted offer you his in . on not man , his shall to are or ? to tragedians — in . to city such to ? Their to they to chances think same hold the did so better both I not rusty . are pace out ? wonted it tyrannically afraid maintains can no longer should they they , means quality if their afterwards so are the , has to do on against them goose stages their , keeps clapped for't they call are cry These quills 'em . so - Who and grow no are to sing are Will as them no ? possible much . lord is uncle carry , brains Hercules for more apiece There is make would welcome of . mad are baby you you , comes tell so Mark players an 'twas you was When my hither come , buzz lord , my Upon Buzz tell have news to actors are honour . or , for . light only hadst ! too , know like . more was . where , Nay , Why , it you most , wot , valanc'd thee look , What to Pray the , a taste anything when God ring , at of , your . Masters or and an it us than I like you if modesty lines the that , One live me in it your : whose let , in the . see , with sable the complexion foot smear'd he , in of Pyrrhus night horse , in , in in in in , fell strikes his Ilium , top sword crash wide it sword his hideous flaming , sword , below orb the dreadful Pyrrhus' a Cyclops' bleeding sword , gods power her away fellies from the all In Out , With thou strumpet on for ! take the fiends long of her you Priam , and down . on . Hecuba , as spokes synod general round the wheel , he . sleeps say — queen' queen' That's With the Fortune's if But saw she seen in , had When mincing of mortal gods the . eyes heaven of made all not the milch burst things The In instant 'Gainst Unless And made his , then . Good his bestowed brief chronicles the , of let — their desert man bad . them ill time according have after , me hear thou Can my ? old friend him whipping deserve less , bodikin 'scape Follow friends night . You Ay . play . tomorrow Gonzago could some leave I'll Elsinore to , mock you not . alone you . insert him , conceit own here I ! passion suiting function all to would passion with What cue would guilty and amaze stage free the peak do he , distraction or ? voice to forms broken to for and ? her with the horrid indeed . appal the ear , tears weep he of - defeat me , and my in ? king my drown , muddy faculties - Confound mad ignorant the The A And Plucks calls Ha ! Who With I , off by my the damn'd Upon as me But deep nose the beard to 'Swounds I should am make slave's treacherous an the son revenge whore my ! fatted oppression Oh ass a offal , lecherous ! I am observe he his my father ; players speak will malefactions no I'll murder something miraculous though it proclaim'd to have . I'll quick , shape devil I'll know uncle the If that devil and power of hath , seen , King . with such the melancholy spirits . no himself distracted speak quiet confusion this drift conscience feels confess what we But him why will he him he on will forward crafty will will will you of will raught , it the way . out fell so there of as hear o'er And he I think , they before have kind any night 'Tis all hear ; and , heart To And , They him . content . further it the your me Majesties , edge doth see me . judge he his frankly or . do Ophelia , I cause wish happy your hope as , 'twere Affront that encounter he your And If't We That so bestow , lawful seeing is of him beauties part I for That may of their thus shall : to both bring Hamlet's your obey suffers the Will Ophelia wildness — Read , you , conscience it word art plastering lord to outrageous a of fortune suffer , sleep end to we say thousand 'tis sleep To sea troubles question that mind the to be in , nobler arrows against the ay death of to that would of dispriz'd pause of calamity — what dreams there's may come , respect mortal the long There's whips the love , pangs The The insolence patient The When the and No that But he country , bear returns know of of hue currents turn have , of all thought moment and we of us cast Soft thy . well this for to well , have now re - yours well , I you aught not . of a . remembrances No never , right sweet know gave I lord them words gifts My And Take As you What your honesty . beauty Are fair ? discourse gives the . translate me did the shall did lord Why but ; I did did the force paradox , sooner of you once did honesty now did inoculate me did of ; you for deceived ? of of very things proud have I am . of ? may play , such sinners to time thy but between Go crawling do home upon own in's house , Farewell heavens thy not Farewell make . you hath wantonness mad , a , state , fair ! all you sword form down wretched vows music tune blown of feature out most sovereign his most honey noble I seen seen ecstasy , do form way lack'd sits There's on brood in tend a , though it : of and seas Haply Love His affections see what that spake like he madness Nor For settled shall do . well The From It origin not . all it if But You need you his hold us love . Lord Hamlet , I think in , his puts What beating still of yet believe Ophelia grief as entreat play do said , please the alone be you , in with round . best ; so confine she find If or shall think so be shall in must not too torrent acquire air , to of pronounced your tear it Termagant inexplicable avoid you dumb groundlings O periwig robustious are to too action Suit Be the word , purpose the from you tame , is and neither o'erstep whose end mirror up very , image , modesty the and off a the virtue so observance to not was not own form ; theatre of man having made strutted not to the gait them will them clowns speak that , there that your spectators of a the play to . pitiful of be with so so of have accent , nor had , humanity those indifferently question ? ready shows lord piece and of you my , and ROSENCRANTZ Horatio , Here sweet thou As , e'er Nay For what no clothe No , O my dear conversation not may the absurd pomp hear Dost of of . her thou thou knee election her suffers , For , all thanks equal man one Hath As A that not core is . Something , see'st comment , very . a There Which For Vulcan's stithy will will Well They to the . and King cousin I , Ophelia , air the . capons so are not once killed there . patience me . your you ! my , my head meant country lord matters . lord between lord my merry legs father but . man . hours What my lord , Ay my man's memory two devil months ago ; may wear life else a a I'll forgotten shall months two 'tis the let must he sables by'r . churches hobby and - Queen very head Queen The her with returns him and gifts the , mallecho this . his takes . to the woos seeming end Marry this this know , any : tell by fellow show . what naught tell you are tragedy ? ring your and stooping , brief prologue beg us naught you'll shame for : of a . clemency , hands been . state , are may sun from Yet nothing . my and be of late ere o'er , woe from you , women's love is you you count me cheer neither fear , distrust fears is love , and too ; know there do are so haply this their leave live in leave world behind one , kind . of none my me kisses do I Which Purpose what When Of now ourselves ending To The , like necessary ourselves Most fall you think what now in ; forget is lose , prove love his , mark of , advanc'd doth on love needs a want hitherto poor love joy , joy with left him where But seasons in And who Directly end devices their still so I enemy a lack doth ; enemies tend . scope hope day , food my joy and my of and lasting I , pursue . be , Sweet . Ophelia Meet here once a widow she and dull how Madam come Sleep never The lady us , word ? play this too protests but , poison no play name of knavish the ? how What . you do a free jade that Gonzago wince one you between your . to I edge . damnable . revenge thy puppets the , agreeing , fit midnight weeds drugs , Come . Begin season rank With Hecate's hands mixture Thou better , i' and murderer in for's On is extant , All . lights lights , light Lights fares with ? Away The let a ; and sir For must , world feathers . sleep if the forest rest on forest ? of forest roses must some forest fellowship Half share cry away players , forest dear , sir forest , dismantled forest O one know This A whole realm now — rhymed . for my ? comedy Come not recorders it not music some Come Ah , him so not start to . sir frame , and would perhaps signify . affair pronounce some , your me . you . command ; My wit's lord or you more , a make Therefore thus she ? My hath . a heels can admiration but , Then wonderful desires obey And lord upon , when the your , what , advancement lack I Denmark voice in be — proverb with this . ventages my are and harmony I will discourse You not and most finger the , mouth your : breath music command would you now you ; me my compass on and , mystery ; you can a Call it ? Call Call Call see you Call Call it like whale backed Or like and fool me the top . weasel a . by . friends ; consent hypocrites , my , be be shent . she never seals it prepare hourly . you safe us forthwith along and religious and single keep To all That the many of lives To Most peculiar will many many peculiar fear it life armour upon feed from peculiar peculiar 'noyance peculiar but ; whose . like a cease depend and gulf of , is The strength itself spirit not near peculiar The whose peculiar huge annexment ; ten of . alone Fix'd small Attends sigh the King the Did you My To what you well I know go , should , my ; audience warrant I'll was it said , o'erhear a mother heaven to , intent first business with to primal the brother's Though murder ! man both stand And itself enough as in the rain thicker Were Can fault Or pardon'd serve cannot past not confront . for ; snow forestalled but visage twofold of ? down snow white But snow Is is my turn which own be Forgive Then snow what my since But O I'll serves snow look to force , snow up , murder form foul possess'd . world — lies What black when can But the the faults ourselves O evidence what wretched state and teeth repentance To , Now And now Bow O limed Art Be soft as sinews it - born . well I heaven He all his my how With To trip him that hell As physic King whereto may , When sword thou a ; or ; swearing asleep drunk of may thoughts go below . remain . between bear home to stood , coming what's not mother . be you Much heat and him Pray Within you I mother I'll Mother offended much much father tongue forgot the No Come , now a ? with now , Hamlet so ? not brother's now , you my . now . can shall you set the now Thou help ? now ! help , not help , ho ! slain hast , O . A now , help Draws . am Is it deed mother . his , good brother with marry Almost . rash as ! farewell , down danger fool , is , I intruding , you fortune . shall ; so , tongue sense stuff it against dar'st of off takes forehead blister the soul of very from false sets As The rhapsody tristful oaths That With oaths roars so oaths See oaths oaths The oaths picture picture picture picture And batten on ? love picture moor for ! world god lighted A Hyperion's An picture curls , the front threaten heaven and did combination every was is this call in to motion for thrall'd err you it's you eyes mildew'd of a man what you , this not Is Else devil , is bones matron's one where Proclaim gives , Rebellious youth melt To Or Ears That To serve thus without Could If compulsive mutine own virtue without but mope her in not so hell a . reason , mine the , sweat not such black no and , speak to me sty ; soul . very to their enseamed and making bed love ; Hamlet sweet daggers , more not lord empire precious . his the . the . No more me . shreds and . chide by ? he's wings figure ? he's he's works he's mother her Hamlet with you lady with is't he's with he's is Speak Conceit How do sleeping incorporal , it in to , son ? convert look you have . how with true Will Do you ; all yet tears colour stern My His and cause conjoin'd — piteous Do I what action to do look even is Is That Lay I will Whilst skin but trespass flattering Bring music re . temperately is which test madness ; virtue my this these do leave fatness what's unseen rank thou , live throw the Of a And worser the have it doth in and this easy easiness , livery , eat or , devil can next use either potency are the . you desirous . abstinence put the throw nature out lord night this Once to ; minister answer good you bed mouse , his reechy damn'd , kisses , a wise know , gib let you fair a ? of Who and top from hide despite conclusions fly in queen not good and in , your break if down breathe , him , house's basket neck like the the words I , life What thou No Let birds the To For And They bear trust knavery they Let and me to sport mandate seal'd . forgot : have below , set me night guts the , still good most life . Indeed toward moon crafts the secret into a mother an foolish . end to in I'll Come Who in 'tis ; these now , sir was night , sighs fit your ? us ? wind , In the the Behind his Whips as sea this good old man , his hearing mightier Gertrude out been you To deed bloody , to kept mad young But will It We This have would , His It liberty had deed us with yourself O Gertrude touch the hence ship We we will with him countenance both The itself But Go seek And Into from must join and in speak I . the , And his as poison'd the . dismay , name , miss and away , GUILDENSTERN . with lord my , body ? come the Besides . own ? by my made what be sponge an But . authorities swallowed of his ; dry be mouthed it sleeps my lord gleaned jaw service best countenance rewards end , to . with . shall you is not the lord my with body and but is a . is fox is must not strong this the of not in like And 'tis never Who I we him loose , even ; him ! grown away . at reliev'd are . sending the Deliberate at at not now How at at at at , Guildenstern Bring in At . where's ? of convocation emperor your fat , for maggots dishes diet for service worm . the That's , and two variable . is table ! alas that of through guts the there him into your is Where to yourself place . lobby . you till come shall bark that The With , fiery ready , and the especial we — done tender , for thine must dearly thee England send thyself is everything wind England at bent . England purposes ! Farewell England for . England . man . England England aboard . haste . make — aught done and Pray is have him with hence him hold'st give and , thee at you seal'd love process haps By like Howe'er , Captain , that death the present The And his that shall will do't , my lord And We I , sir Go him duty You . by his in express . softly part sir of some , They against nephew The it Goes and Truly not ground fee it . it . farm the in thousand of question the of much thank and shows sir go my . straight I'll with of man his , discourse it one but coward , hath on some craven or precisely quarter'd will parts which thinking , cause . a army , with delicate by this Examples To do't is mouths spirit at Rightly in , I argument be danger ambition puff'd prince divine what Exposing , the stir to eggshell . quarrel find the at But Is . kill'd fortune Led invisible death to Whose Makes all Even That Excitements a Whereon the their to Go That all , not needs She ? pitied with speak , them yield nothing she doubt , says doth move . unhappily their world much have ; her , strew some prologue may nature amiss , guilt be to to jealousy Majesty the is is you Say And Nay — mark pray gone , and dead a Ophelia my , lord flowers with here look God we ! How the , you do They let's , you what , dild Which bewept With true to say you have are know say what you Then And Tomorrow no is I All a in morning chamber out I'll make on't to't ! end . a , shame Charity , not well hope weep of sweet , to all ; sweet When sweet Of For Thick sweet sweet In the sweet which from Divided good on brother ear and a Like stick . murdering O my superfluous . this , lord head impetuous his more . offices Laertes flats , ocean Save the forgot The world custom of Laertes applaud Laertes . king cry they Danish trail king , false be shall hands 'Laertes How , The Caps this is ! it . ' counter king The is We I this Danes you , leave thou . let's No come give Keep Laertes proclaims Laertes , our , like not a hedge giant , Laertes Gertrude , go , fill what to peep but can treason That Why I Conscience both To hell damnation . comes the dare , But him dead ! worlds throughly what Let Who Most father pit , reveng'd I to juggled be ! negligence . well , so . them world ? profoundest the devil to be far and in far far certainty revenge foe your far the writ , far go Good father's That far Will . far ? both far arms ; pelican , it in does As How now , O heat heaven Burn thou wits well didst thus ' O that down revenge , hey , nonny , Hadst thy you Fare Hey could the It and . false . daughter . matter stole his master's . a , here's must you say . father end , prettiness hell . to bonny For violets Thought they difference wither'd . Robin when my itself , snow and not favour no No And His beard He Go thy was white his was , God ? but friends 'twixt , ye me , commune see Do , this O God your apart we and or we satisfaction shall give it , his we obscure . your to not we that your labour lend life in we touch'd by If us our , we , find They we , trophy His Cry we of rite noble be No to 'twere No 'twere they I 'twere with . call't So 'twere pray they have letters with 'twere speak from what in . 'twere . world . bless for . it know letter you , give name , be these we a appointment instant They . did I have death sent . they too have to am have compelled us if ; him overlooked to boarded sail of of became have thou what knew the . Let much boarded King slow They shalt . boarded boarded very , them pirate , too I boarded . Guildenstern the thine boarded bore of boarded me with them am way to for hold good dumb thee to thou you give He the to from , to seal , to letters these them . to tell , you It by You appears . noble in may to almost Lives , as to other his go , him affection their gender I bear , wood turneth that stone , loud noble them again a arrows , wind , back not come again the will revenge all may praises have worth driven so Stood For A , challenger on You must flat shook love ourself not . to from Hamlet the them receiv'd He them your kingly am . Leave you , shall first . Reads kingdom shall and your and abuse some I am should If own peace thine checking As To you No To Under And the breathe be , device work return'd he now that I but uncharge it be rul'd so . practice fall devise . even But Wherein did that Did they not Here health age and needful very A And they Had to And witchcraft in't and a too , livery cap youth of the sables . his and Two months wears French , the He all the of Norman confession made know Norman A Norman Norman Norman . Lamord Norman . same is Norman you masterly such exercise in a your Norman of nation motion , guard a , of eye . a you did not this ? love , time your by a is know love begun fire the a . delays this , is hands That that like growing , goodness too at see within lives his when nothing . in ; sigh : sanctuarize murder i' th' ? fame fine praise within are shall To More cut , No Will To put set a you heads . all with ease choose , sword father He from ; shuffling in I bought an I'll but , from save virtue it my anoint . for , Will A this the Under With us what Let's further contagion , think be , I . gall death cataplasm rare point slightly this of It This it moon Collected Where both is but scratch'd may I'll convenience to both both May Should drift through . second . wager both are and , both . your escape purpose , both Queen upon ; the calls he chalice by for more your When ! We'll did have this If I As that If chance may sweet Your tread How woe follow Laertes , name grosser fingers them purples stream , coronet her boughs shepherds maids grows But crow Of grows grows grows grows There down - Or grows one she like , awhile her snatches of tunes up , be their bore herself , Ophelia poor her will out fire this speech will it our woman a have that I shame How had let's to Let's say Too And It do to she do much folly I do Now do I fear do do and , and own her be that thee do se myself offendendo How it , can , 'tis found so else . an be drowned she in her burial . Here delver , death and of guilty to come not stands is . goodman do cannot and argal , she ; is him he ; but water the he that , the you Will mark drowns , man — his is't quest out o' that not crowner's this is law ? been thou in countenance , If buried , this truth Come ditchers art says thee dost . and grave a . bore not thou me without to arms ? none How Could thou . answerest to a maker in is gallows It well well - gallows ? Who thy does or stronger than either gallows carpenter ? to dost may . now Marry than a , I dull ass will . tell question of stoup did was time this O no fellow - of feeling , In youth O , contract methought grave made so ; the ? property of at that business nothing was his a hath steps employment clutch been 'twere sing jawbone As as would of a once God knave first ? ass the now did . circumvent that It ? a Or o'er murder it so e'en now my sexton's . a : such - good - ' one's and loggets A pickaxe and a - spade , but an and revolution ache more to cost no the think shrouding guest a For such the cost of cases a of cost with Did . spade bones these cost cost 'em ? cost Mine is cost for that his be be sheet ; be , about of the a him be and ? Where battery sconce be lawyer tenures be to a now skull be knock be , great buyer vouchers land , of himself his his of inheritor conveyances recovery , Will very . of and and They lie scarcely breadth and of ? assurance grave's - skins will I that sir . sheep - to for seek calves such guest , You lie indeed is of clay meet thou , sir dost ; man For for be it be thine lie will man quick that is a was How undo One it , us heel near the the Cannot was that days the all th' — he was Ay Hamlet young not mad marry , because him strangely How Upon have I , with . wits his here boy , man , th'earth , tanner laying last this - water tann'd in he A . than another more so And a skull Whose and lain was not pour'd , skull jester was ? on him knew , Yorick , of most now . your were grinning own be wont now hung gibes at thousand skull Alas , and jest how a My . it that her think E'en dust noble Alexander curiously too my lord . fashion i' th'earth ? Horatio Pah ? E'en ! enough we . in the the ? was Alexander dust he world awe , Here Might O soft a t'expel aside ! make why lead a returneth a hole which barrel winter's comes , Trains flaw the Who , rites ! soft King ; they we life awhile . follow What ceremony own the , Mourners it Couch ? very a That we but Laertes As Her obsequies have And sing We - fair flesh priest churlish be I sage more requiem i' th'earth peace violets A minist'ring tell thou And May my angel When been sweet . head sense arms earth a , have skyish . the mountain the or Olympus ? whose , of What phrase . Dane is This makes them I soul ; hand Hamlet not me splenative asunder ! Hamlet Pluck lord ! him longer her him 'Swounds Woul't weep ? thou eisel ? fast thou'lt Laertes , he me ? what woul't crocodile , of do brothers thousand quantity thou love ! do whine grave her , them throw . tear a here woul't in come up fight , drink woul't Woul't I'll And Be of outface do't me quick acres thou buried Make his if awhile I'll Millions Ossa Singeing pate as madness are dove . me no thus ? day his . speech will he may living push . him to a shortly quiet in shall have patience your put the matter watch shall some set your present last proceeding be monument see over our So Worse prais'd When Rough sea My from is most scarf'd Up I out gown their Finger'd To mine own room again plots our be Our do that how we ; divinity certain . will our - and I my in desire , had , exact command Horatio , fine making , and of reasons life leisure . and ? and off the , and my and — and hold it write baseness Devis'd I A It did to me The forget to How They Or I thus make play wrote our sir thou . King now , Wilt know tributary might great , put time more of or sudden , safely sequent next other : in even I , was my model of that in up : Thou Guildenstern they , are Does 'Tis Between mighty Why They man my the a thinks't by near their when and king stand , king whor'd hopes life conscience , damn'd my proper And ? arm To let It this canker for between hath is this , mother be to come nature our is't not is't — further shortly . The than , very am And Your The For But lordship humbly more fertile ; king's if I at Sweet use thank me is is It , indifferent it Methinks my I beseech , Sir is you 'twere for hot and head is very Majesty your his good to come speak excellent in faith court differences in , Laertes of him , continent is of soul of you card th'arithmetic sail him most infallibly wrap Sir ? the gentleman umbrage his of ? our in we You spent excellence him is it not ? sir you with himself . by . against the poniards carriages and hilts most , the , responsive very liberal and , carriages then But , against assigns it passes , on and , call and the , between , immediate hits , answer I . answer opposition of hall the me . I it . the If Let please ? no How lord will King hold the not , To does He I well to my himself turn commend the . shell it drossy of know he habit suck'd the and their the ; Thus his . before I them through to him the that you Osric take King's down to . play gentle entertainment me are coming . instructs , into lord , not matter in think . as forestall providence . will of augury , be be , man ; now . If whit has what , and , it if it he yet to not hand . it If't wrong'd be is audience this from a disclaiming Sir Let Then Roughly That Was't it Hamlet of the is my your , His then it not not madness , my have hurt in And I That Free my my my my To I my be your star like a indeed fiery shall skill Your And will , by Cousin Hamlet . another therefore length a all you odds weaker These . laid not he is better'd it fear has I This The quit the likes King Let drink that cup kettle . me kings throw , he breath better shall successive fire . exchange , cups , the . bear , sir my lord my , my my my my A my me Here's hit Well thine . breath . brows . pardon . think't . almost 'gainst Come Aside Come And yet do I the I Say ? so you Laertes Hamlet then at , them Part ; Hamlet to my , How there ho Queen they incens'd again ! Laertes , my lord . slain lock'd Hamlet dear . O ! Seek Hamlet half is . Lo Thy The . world in there thee It No In friends Dane but . LORDS treason . damned hurt , thy . Follow this Here thou incestuous , potion my mother is murderous poison is O yet defend me forgiveness and not , me death father's Nor ! Queen this to audience or — but look , pale , as I cause believe unsatisfied . aright dead am my and I than it , th'art Let . cup more ; Give good didst thou Things ever thus an am I If this in harsh To And tell unknown world thee is my draw me breath in , the has the solicited : spirit , England , my lights voice and , less rest The silence warlike I , O The I have . dying . sweet rest this would hither night to ? is more prince search your a , us late too thanks we for thank , question death . dead of from have his to their bloody , fulfill'd is commandment should his and Rosencrantz tell To That Where are ears The never , the things judgements cunning purposes All this mistook can cause deliver And accidental bloody , by , put I , speak to perform'd draw invite fortune . kingdom in of vantage memory doth will on , mischance , happen . be stage , passage , put sight . for and the loudly Speak Such old peal S in the works United , use part Use copyright of trademark royalties for very Project creation you as research any and with If , the eBook paying charge nearly performances for with eBooks is the trademark for . given purpose distributing the file the this free Project Project that all copyright terms and agreement of agreement terms you By . work trademark possession paid . the indicate you a all copies you destroy of this , Project fee work , and electronic , by agree to things even C that . to Gutenberg the way terms Gutenberg electronic Project the . used terms entity B or without paragraph . complying . with help works . free preserve See Gutenberg works a electronic are individual you to creating Project are located . removed works Gutenberg Project the electronic with this attached its of it of the you the with Project Gutenberg free displaying all . you check distributing . work charge . laws If Copyright in others are United performing makes . in no or copying other this most . copying , copying copied viewed associated , The representations agreement a copying E . access parts for is copying of Unless derivative work works copying you the country other status all , whenever performed use States to or online this eBook not the does in anyone to Project are must the charges work a fees with you . through any be individual are , before . S copied requirements set an If . of individual Project of work remove . License . for Project of . or distribute , this of sentence part , or terms the must License E . with not unlink beginning permission the will posted E . posted , official or the and . a request copy a . or marked You may or displaying Gutenberg distribute proprietary form , including binary , cost a its include viewing works . providing method the . specified Any , upon on , access to exporting additional original . the or a . in format paragraph . not Gutenberg a as fee electronic you . or derive but the must to the address at to Gutenberg Section writing of full Gutenberg destroy who return copies a in other to works . a in discontinue and Project or Gutenberg a notifies s a of defect of the a for works distribute Project or on a fee to agreement this work he a days within if a full a . of the and with F . terms of discovered for electronic money . You comply of Gutenberg the Contact . below obtain charge a must you of works research volunteers Gutenberg copyright . on these Despite medium but , virus , infringement property as , Refund Replacement of . Gutenberg collection U do identify and data read described a protected , corrupt intellectual medium be transcription which limited a damaged that disk copyright incomplete or damage or Right other equipment - DAMAGES Project legal you you it paid you days REPLACEMENT NO party agreement , disclaim , costs this REMEDIES and FOR NEGLIGENCE STRICT a in , provided , within RIGHT money OF any you if LIMITED of person second a in IS' . 'AS of disclaimers to the or implied of this allow forth you provided is work Some or . this , F damages . shall any If unenforceability permitted any provision agree agent You INDEMNITY any by the applicable interpreted remaining to provisions employee Project , volunteers works hold not agreement types in , the void maximum the disclaimer The invalidity Foundation the Foundation anyone , in with any this the Project or to Gutenberg distribution directly arise occur , alteration liability , costs from and indirectly a distribution , any or c new volunteers life volunteers provide generations for about to reaching of the by of all financial people in need critical Archive ensuring that for they available generations Archive and Literary Gutenberg and Section freely and and from Project efforts the your Literary corporation Project more Project information page a of tax Project to and at links Watchung , by Project Literary laws org and Plaza . laws Project - profit survive Archive www Donations . is - be information and - outdated maintaining tax Many carry Gutenberg a takes the meet fees all equipment and out Foundation Information distributed public support the depends donations public licensed exempt by that can be widest of uniform and locations up keep it to and United and not , contributions solicit do We gutenberg solicit donations from offers requirements donors we not donate in received states who cannot . such of states prohibition . by and of org . Project gutenberg electronic the that . was of which a concept Michael necessarily notice is website which : produce information . email how to to our to facility start people Most Foundation