TRAGEDY by William , OF platform room remote room A . A A Another A . I Another Another . A room IV room room in the Castle Denmark of Prince king mother Son Daughter Friend Polonius Polonius Norway Hamlet and yourself ! King hour cold . guard quiet had BARNARDO sick thanks FRANCISCO a you Not mouse stirring and them . ground Marcellus good , Well you If of rivals What has , Welcome it Most It It with which ? See sometimes Did Before So He stalk gross strange strict toils same , This bodes particular the in But With twice sit some down thought scope eruption me the land cannon ; sweaty me inform . can toward divide impress might the night joint , so Fortinbras by , a ; of to which , diet list a stomach of mettle Now well in't of compulsatory recover doth food up a For That Disasters Upon Was And it offer For then summons fearful Upon with the It Some of nor and HORATIO the and the impart watch us o'er up for have upon speak conveniently this fitting him russet then no power the mantle advice ? duty morning to life my , him Exeunt find room . I most of Gertrude , Laertes , in contracted far be our memory Together we as auspicious , you weak late and of disjoint to surrender , business and valiant father this fail'd the full ; and and things doubt of more Denmark sun off colour with ever noble through madam , 'Tis you lost filial know sorrow is mind thing a , whose common died our note , us today cried to throw take throne love bears For desire son . son come Hamlet reply , to our remain : in to bend and her go not , you obey a Denmark the but HAMLET too self me on't grows Possess Fie How ! That so not face a excellent — a satyr too ? increase , on't Why mine of with discourse , thy , would had grown hang my poor shoes father's even my month unrighteous most Hercules ; beast — in incestuous come ! eyes tears , no married Within of her and Marcellus HORATIO to it for myself , from , father's , see it , HORATIO lord thrift furnish , had . lord . dearest the The follow'd . HAMLET Horatio , I coldly I Or ever father My , not look I HORATIO ? your . father HORATIO King HAMLET my admiration ear marvel love to God's together waste encounter'd point and their his Almost I Did upon hands apparition thing comes But These , are not . was HAMLET you My the at I And As Indeed Pale in HAMLET or . he HORATIO ? his wore face beaver in , sight tongue twelve fare no tonight silence you still well . come . and in embark'd LAERTES the winds not give Farewell do doubt and fashion and trifling toy , a . more not . as loves nor Perhaps ; soil his withal now inward and His The He himself , his is not therefore the As It fits is May Or it Too Virtue itself galls 'scapes the danger of your prodigal my . songs open . near . fear , no act adoption with means . vulgar of comrade hoops steel . judgement voice . POLONIUS OPHELIA well hath you been audience way in be of If told Given behoves is , not — are fashion , hath springes the in more almost their something Set Do is bites shrewdly and HAMLET What it is . struck . of now lacks MARCELLUS . held , this Indeed ? They From And And More Makes The So some it , headed chances , vicious and achievements Soil That in for marrow mole of our in of choose of cannot wherein some of , us goblin or I'll in , nature ? souls should we do , desire . impartment you some . ground . I . fear it . hands go out cries HAMLET . free a ! make Ghost from on I'll . Denmark go . hear night . list ! O swift . of life with uncle prophetic Mine , witchcraft wicked O those I , though prey itself sate to it love hand marriage as a on . always secure of the The in juice custom an swift such leperous me ! soft Brief Holds The And thin not But couch thy mother worm 'gins - and And Adieu you host all And Ay O there sure , villain , it smile one Enter Good us HAMLET ; that without tell are we more desire go . and I'll for , heartily . there . HORATIO HAMLET , my heartily , request have MARCELLUS you HAMLET , we but and Nay I Nor sworn , my MARCELLUS upon the so HAMLET . fellow the cellarage , ground . have , meet , shall never — think antic times thus pronouncing giving — this to note . Polonius's Reynaldo in II . let's to go and Polonius A room Exeunt . it cursed right together house , good , wisely POLONIUS , POLONIUS what what what POLONIUS I he you so be and part in 'And As , But Wherefore my But , believe thing converse seen breathe in 'friend addition or ' the . and phrase this . lord does country or consequence be , he . the REYNALDO was say I in 'closes with he falling brothel of do windlasses falsehood thus by , or we former find of indirections you Good b' let POLONIUS . you have ? foul'd name all my the OPHELIA . do , go , trifle ! and . you see him , hath should inward have you it man himself thus be up and brought his youth by here rest to so pleasures occasion our . glean remedy him afflicts lies QUEEN two . within talk'd thanks have of . news . in . Norway ; impotence griev'd , obeys , and sends , 'gainst he hand Norway he , age , his , to , of paper . give shown , time of is true . use I POLONIUS , let QUEEN 'tis swear matter is't What Mad More , 'tis it I mad 'tis for true , is farewell us out and him find say her effect this it Thus To these madam Doubt Doubt am love most This obedience by more lady , O . HAMLET , numbers be doubt at dear in , And But As I Not it KING me though centre . find indeed together to , man man . being , lord . HAMLET , my POLONIUS in carrion Friend Conception harping much What words matter . who ? a POLONIUS that satirical are that faces . hold go honesty I . air , am to , wrinkled and ; that tree weak . Though Will ! A the so not is lord honourable suddenly out happiness that cannot You My the Then particular in thinking then We Denmark for be , indeed ambitious , Which I infinite beggars' such shadows are you the To I your What to confession in know me , preserved the But and an Guildenstern lord love teach , will your but , and I of firmament , the lord you did think the players ; plays the gratis make , her for't those laugh What shall mind ROSENCRANTZ , players whose freely city man , coted not his lungs wont estimation it their think they , aerie of and their rapiers are children of afraid to the and There ? of and his Denmark in picture natural away . fashion There ducats while my the do , him at would fifty there , a something appurtenance Gentlemen , Happily prophesy right the see , is come them . When . news to Roscius , tell are Buzz HAMLET you the - in - 'One The follows . have not lord . show you . most will comes my since I when than valanc'd voice , you of , not it much — an lines indite in thereabout speech as of wholesome , your : sons discretion it match'd strikes wind with , his to to , Priam prisoner Of Out Break bowl all the round Now out In And shall But A Who blanket When if The 'Gainst has . he will , where should deserve Follow sixteen , night . HAMLET , Ay you which You Ay could I Exit You Guildenstern Follow Very well rogue force a fiction it his her his voice God to Hecuba cleave mad Confound Make And A Who me to the , and gives take , it me it mettled rascal , peak king Yet , passion stage speech be , with hell drab the proclaim'd it the . pleasing devil quick and , and with . weakness . my him be he than the damn room Polonius . Wherein SCENE , turbulent confess he harshly puts his lunacy quiet . speak ? him court the joy , your Majesties content me of so on . lord us encounter their th'affliction I And That Will , wish . I behav'd judge , virtues it , sleep we to mind Let's and HAMLET Enter , be the sea To : To dream of . love office might of ? to us make native the great action Nymph sins my OPHELIA . lord HAMLET your thank this of , Good pith currents in remember'd their ! my for well , of . compos'd did , discourse honesty now with sooner can the time gives ? beauty things very than I breeder accuse Go ways but thou marry , Be . calumny them marry escape thy the fool may play needs make not dowry . and I your you all ! To already , say , form down wretched , I see , soul his way tend little to speed tribute : him puts beating What . us love and origin do of his fashion With commencement But do grief , please , not where him find him . too air acquire to passion , dumb It and . special anything at to the and , make , must cannot , both up but in nor the I allowance gait the have speak I sir clowns spectators most of the . pomp poor be knee suffers thou her of of lick For mistress hast revenue may dear my And the follow , distinguish herself of thrift crook one Hath heart's do is , I As For 'scape steal In And coming aught How crammed answer Polonius HAMLET Hamlet . My good . Brutus killed th' i' . enact a actor . Be . me attractive you do ! lie I Ay , my , I HAMLET meant . my lie . lord That's a mother , looks OPHELIA . wear churches memory , horse show her it kisses him returns with crown Queen with with Queen Poisoner Marry show are any they you'll shame not that this imports the argument it . HAMLET Prologue show it not this what OPHELIA HAMLET . you For We prologue 'Tis dozen in may though be . did thirties our been , and love sun sick former I . you is are so fear there : behind to . marriage but me in , tree . memory change , try , now here me . should KING , tedious . pursue with and . day QUEEN rock Sleep never Madam , protests but too HAMLET her word play ? the wife not . o' Let his what thy revenge . You fire false . play . light some o'er fares with lord . Away Horatio go away of , if ; and . ungalled , the let some For , with a For get the HORATIO , HAMLET the I You well talk some king very , vouchsafe whole . what a . marvellous with . sir choler ? to far to if ; wholesome more to ; ROSENCRANTZ behaviour your but shall says the ROSENCRANTZ you with were My to obey upon How can that sir , the I to recover . the not I as it music , how any unworthy me music speak ? you POLONIUS Queen Enter , bless Polonius , POLONIUS yonder mass it POLONIUS . whale . like backed POLONIUS HAMLET Or Very . by 'Tis When The I Let and soul to in somever , not but be , this her she my . Exit never , be hypocrites . consent safe , is , heaven ; upon't smells curse can strong business shall if in visage the as but ? the begin blood heavens , serves offence twofold of me I my , Then we ? down . be turn ; Forgive I But ambition and shove wicked and there we the action not repent death as black struggling new well I And Now And might I'll I heaven With But he At That him has no relish of or of may kick black him to home to me . silence too been Grace him Pray goes Enter I QUEEN , to Polonius in . room and Queen straight you be I'll him . not coming him Fear hear , behind the . the what's . hast mother QUEEN HAMLET . rood HAMLET you the Why HAMLET matter QUEEN your so to . part . POLONIUS , ducat , dead arras am . POLONIUS dies I QUEEN and . hast what Falls Almost and kill HAMLET king with QUEEN As lady me What have That And let That tristful thought , and picture the was presentment seated a combination like curls what See every To your is his wholesome husband husband the give was Here batten - could step And day from sense it such feeling or Rebellious mutine let in compulsive And When Since And Stew'd That me Save , Is but is How Speak Conceit with at as the stand heat the Sprinkle , make His My Will on and them Lest cool . with want at Nor ! his even Exit bodiless very HAMLET Ecstasy doth . will corruption avoid Forgive to pardon these this pursy him twain . bed half good , doth this eat , lord same bles'd , so , behind . good kind remains again , Polonius hath and this and only , worse to do and good . I shall HAMLET means no wanton him in craft you a in , but fly conclusions of What I And Hoist blow Mother , the man the This lug now , Who was sir Enter Mad is the this brainish 'A something rat apprehension heavy full , us is this But restrain'd laid , to us so of understand not young kept be from body . was , threats all and out bloody to , short . it the like the He his Among will countenance The enter madness closet speak Rosencrantz we'll know I hath you and , further dragg'd bring him . this do mean . wisest friends , blank his slander to , diameter haply world's O . and Hamlet Exeunt of . done you have it us I of last Bring sent dangerous must Yet where not in so , 'tis not is seek the . How Where my , KING ? worm lean else at him to one us . table beggar . fat Alas that What hath thou king a KING is Where place thither Send . heaven to , th'other cherub is it Thy mother so and loving my . Exeunt Our By present like thou Pays After the thy thereof thou hold'st at aught . raw not at , rages effect and thee mayst imports Do my Till joys . in . IV my must If Craves Tell his , all Go Rosencrantz whose CAPTAIN Norway . part HAMLET for a no , it in hath Why That five ranker Polack never will garrison'd thousand this straw peace — do to be argument to stand a in a I blood thousand my my twenty while to of the , O bloody be the Which Whereon SCENE My V Enter . GENTLEMAN speak and with . indeed ? beats hears her nothing move aim and might much , in . jealousy in soul Let seems full the At At his Pray White QUEEN OPHELIA you Sings QUEEN his but , OPHELIA sweet grave did showers lady go father may was . KING what upon Conceit words no have , Tomorrow means I All And in Indeed Young By Quoth Cock , she You I would well be this sorrows your own from which his pestilent Without Like Gives In And on speeches O A murdering our dear in . GENTLEMAN , The props tongues king QUEEN . Laertes it known to , ' . without king vile ; bastard harlot ? Laertes Gertrude juggled with ! blackest be the not profoundest I negligence pit the reveng'd . with husband the them little , writ both ? draw is't know the certainty . so ? ope . rendering . it judgement eye your in your true my - blood father's grief you in shall beam and possible mortal as , the sister What noise is with that virtue , and , be of mine by paid young bier tear dove revenge steward a didst . my on many nonny , LAERTES persuade down master's ' O And . remember . for . thoughts of columbines herb daisy father my good sweet favour , and again again , snow again - is come ours , earth — us soul ostentation question heaven his from hatchment be his obscure o'er me with room . in . with letters . thee SAILOR shalt I was him him FIRST sea King when as that am thou a , slow I I . thine with me of mercy . as ear much will the the matter much that have and HAMLET way . thou you have you Now heard , in your with But against were , so wisdom . perhaps looks star to not life for reasons seem . and strong two stirr'd special , much either but other their that so so wood a them lost back terms father my to graces for reverted where , let pastime father . our made for sleeps mount . be stuff of , this KING Hamlet me him Laertes mighty They my lord given Of sudden it some mean should It lost That how will Ay you If am I As more an which the exploit to at checking But You A settled health and serv'd against of incorps'd doing far he was't . is He all LAERTES well him And That swore you Or Not A Dies But that And Time that his And there cut his easing hath when do 'Twere us what Let's Weigh scratch'd , further shape look not in chance Our he If - That But one she incapable from heavy long it native her awhile they old indued not ? yet , his rage her and CLOWN salvation burial , seeks . burial her ? point three him man : here so . an and . Here is own CLOWN law . delver , stands — will him , been that is hold they bore . ever . none CLOWN gentleman . had he that me — CLOWN . either carpenter . thou the or gallows ? not , thee get 'a say sings at sense dost ? play breeding we but made ; skull skull is for meet . guest of a another HAMLET that his will and this Why For in's , be lie no calves this and , scarcely to For lie not for I For , I think out on't , quick woman a knave By the us near it How One was , to FIRST HAMLET must his by three toe ? since ? that . mad is can FIRST long that HAMLET why he it's FIRST there there . HAMLET ; mad . matter his the . wits here . FIRST before the a I Faith here , eight body whoreson A great , his . Here's . a sir . me on ? you ? kiss'd your imagination roar songs know not flashes lady's she must tell HORATIO , o' . so down smelt looked HORATIO E'en Throws of a lead returneth it . to the whereto . dust he Alexander was to wind the kept t'expel earth hole a . and barrel ? world winter's Trains Here their is , Who rites follow we Retiring We To sing peace profane more be parted . fair . sweet shall liest HAMLET the . hop'd I thought And not - shouldst , treble thy off most Hold her into a Pelion blue is stars into him Leaps . LAERTES The . grave . makes whose ? he the the Grappling I in me fingers from Away thy out him with will and they . Laertes thou do him thou'lt eat ? eisel thou with pate rant wart as QUEEN is as that His Hear is good Strengthen your the grave of , This An . Castle HORATIO , HAMLET Now the . my . sleep it divinity do indiscretion Rough There's That My sea I mine My grand Their No That , My head stay supervise bugs should Is't HAMLET read . how me benetted make the baseness did The me to that service what HORATIO , earnest And That many Why I Which it changeling never fight Thou not Does Between by , man dangerous it He that Popp'd Thrown him let In shortly HORATIO the to , is myself cause ? I'll passion grief court this vice a . 'tis of ; but dirt lord of know as him , and I your bonnet a thing his the wind , for hot — you to . part great , of sail of true him infallibly wrap . gentleman You gentleman ? spent did ? not . it . not with know imputation laid , him on poniards hilts and the the most . done you . is odd if him the and win you your . what ; sir re nothing . If it foils , but duty . HAMLET he away turn there . shell the . HORATIO the of and habit through suck'd to blow outward . Lord LORD carries which , and Laertes ready purposes with or . follow , now LORD time . to . instructs , But . went this Exit you well She wager . into France of it is't . to what it leaves KING , puts King your pardon't as Laertes's and Osric this Hamlet's hand . have needs distraction madness , and have . you heard thoughts house reconcilement honour odds both ? length ordnance Hamlet's to battlements union four Give shall third exchange hit table , is . off shot . it set play ; confess ? awhile . win . do . breath rub Hamlet . I KING poison'd ; drink the HAMLET , QUEEN me LAERTES I'll KING . do best wanton Come . 'gainst think't not Say Nothing Have , neither LAERTES . on . way they my it see drink ! HAMLET Let Seek , thee of ; good thou do thy in an , King's to poison'd ! work . LORDS this HAMLET friends KING . murderous . thee not me follow this am dead . Roman antique HORATIO unsatisfied and it man liquor . left , shall breath . prince , and sight would O struck dismal princes is should Guildenstern and should his so are him senseless from commandment The That Rosencrantz That ears To But Fall'n And deaths And me some shall this mouth minds men's while Even Exeunt ,