and there Stand ? answer me , Nay Barnardo . upon You come 'Tis now guard heart . thee to your He stirring quiet you Have Well meet a night . do you The hear them , at . am bitter ? watch Marcellus them bid Give liegemen hath good you soldier Barnardo my , who Horatio ? appear'd good . Welcome him what Say , piece thing seen . Welcome Horatio has says let apparition of this the again this come . night us and minutes if us And let awhile not again What so , approve eyes , tush entreated take hold speak 'twill That we two fortified against assail our seen this . have . of the and one myself part ; scholar figure made When bell off . Look then burns The thee , King like to speak it the , the with Horatio , it Mark harrows would which march What In sometimes now 'Tis ! Without the own ! like more You and thee . not ! believe ? and . he had ! Norway might eyes true on combated when th'ambitious on strange twice So sledded once he now Good In what hath in bodes This But So nightly this such foreign that , with sweaty this labourer inform ; last of valiant , lands as the , there , in't ; to well doth stomach and skirts Shark'd in Of to fell he And For hath food of Norway And by Of So But it father his Is post this main may Well it our sort through is the watch question that this but other watch in rummage watch of this strong I watch , watch , the watch watch no so think Comes watch sick influence the with Disasters watch And whose and Upon in almost the Was moist sheeted Rome , star stands events , on still Neptune's with doomsday Did and blast though cross As sun it fierce of preceding like Unto That may there If If it Have , But I'll soft thou If which they , For in it O the may earth walk . Stay , so gone of , violence the majestical ? cock guilty shrill the - morn crew the mockery a . trumpet , in erring and And fire god fearful ; day Th'extravagant sea his his The , that started speak , To Doth in a at earth spirit truth his sounding throat warning air or faded say of that It then Wherein This And Some The they hallow'd The , But This Do , spirit our impart Hamlet in , we shall , I pray and , Voltemand and us . know him most I this it on now with so To , Cornelius be hearts , in in green dear . Lords our and grief one of him . and 'twere our Therefore , With Your to wife along , which all our freely dole in eye defeated dirge death and dropping with weighing , auspicious In in one funeral we Fortinbras . of brother's worth thanks young , late frame , have herein barr'd know late For . our out his advantage , him writ late made late hears scarcely , rid - full late Who of , Of gait and , the most late valiant and of , this you Cornelius good bearers Giving lists and to personal articles King no to with Of that these dilated your For Farewell In now CORNELIUS , haste duty show allow your our farewell commend than duty . father to the to not the instrumental not your The hand be . is not my Laertes native of . And You That head reason thou , of to cannot You shall What wouldst wouldst the offer , thy heart , pardon Denmark . done ; coronation , France What says ? bend wrung again that leave your in , leave slow last hard him give petition ; it father's your laboursome A now But And thy thy fair hour my more graces cousin Hamlet less on ? you kind than sun . die , eye the the of haviour of cloak ; it is , with . it , If it Nor , nor alone not 'Tis No can but have 'Tis These A shows To his his his In will simple a most should Why know we to his , fault , our fault cried his , whose that till corse his ' We most A 'This must first fathers Fie the any to reason and dead . woe a ; let take us to , still you think to nature hath died who a no father , and , earth , eye remain : for the toward to retrograde , son your our you cousin cheer beseech to in you Here stay in As And And Our I I impart the chiefest thee Sits gentle and my all in ourself heart in grace drinks clouds Denmark bruit shall the heaven Re shall with a my cannon rouse speaking King's - the unforc'd to . had dew today tell ! world unweeded flat uses 'tis ! to , not this in my of to much come and an , two ! a ! mother were even uncle , woman him month on is within grown shoes she Why poor , yet my — longer to Hercules but a more of in wicked must to my to to to . to my to ? Wittenberg servant my I glad , to , your I am Horatio to Hail to And Marcellus friend ; sir even . to make your ; Good . from truster your drink ere you no that violence . lord ear of . is to to deep student mother's my me your affair to Thrift I I My Indeed , furnish lord coldly Did that tables follow'd it The dearest the Horatio upon . king look In . in again yesternight . him ? father King your The lord This you . hear let a for till me . Two their march pie with figure father - thrice he walk'd night of , like love God's nights together Barnardo , on . watch , to , kept not the act him the ; and , to impart deliver'd I not Did lord you But lifted even But Itself was this ? where ? none did speak I did ; would speak none address none in . 'tis it , you think , very none from sound none then . none . down you lord honour'd do we did live I Both to head top ? wore saw to toe ? in anger . From lord . foot his , O A And constantly eyes would have there haste like his fix'd It I . tell . grizzled sable I Longer MARCELLUS moderate , might BARNARDO longer I saw't seen I If was It as 'twill again person . no fare ye well 'twixt I'll duty platform your . eleven , tonight silence this . tenable understanding the it be it Give I to as honour ! soul would is , sister earth foul spirit : still all o'erwhelm my , embark'd are doubt that and me trifling assistant , hear a toy of ? blood his ; sleep do the as And necessaries My winds give . but No the nature ; in favour lasting ; temple ? so more ; soil , on his loves not nor as nor is unvalu'd nor it place believe body loves nor , nor you ; goes nor loss which list or , so wisdom Then yielding of choice the Carve so so so it Out so Fear And so she Contagious then itself to Do As Youth watchman Show me too But . I shall the Himself here The you sits , recks And A smiles ? upon And stay O for these Give precepts my , means palm comrade entertainment their his in Occasion wind the thy thought by , hast familiar unto them character any Nor friends Be not do stay'd few in thy Those But each thou and thy , judgement in . adoption , thy hoops of . vulgar , steel with th'opposed - Grapple Of Are a a loses dulls the thine , loan This Thou Take man's apparel in express'd not Costly thy the For canst must in thee lord well tend any self own the to night be : husbandry and a lender false as both edge itself true to blessing all above And What in the my . the you ? late hath well touching he hath it keep yourself Lord Hamlet of and most caution understand me and yourself daughter my he , you So is't told 'Tis Given And of private Marry He Affection his affection hath What As been audience of so not I'll have sterling not tenders , yourself you made Of ! my these yourself . ta'en — I you know hath fashion tender for more dearly . me it call you'll to , my , to Tender me poor pay a ; true , phrase wind fool , heaven . daughter soul go ; prodigal woodcocks to blazes extinct , in - this , know presence , heat : lord , show are , bawds their they few For ; time a is it as tongue the Lends light for all time this walk young is he tether pious is any terms This of beguile Breathing , to The Look moment from with I to't would Than not believe his of But not words Have better that which mere give in like slander talk ; cold eager now . ways your come you charge shall It spirit held his lacks shrewdly is nipping hour and air . an of twelve It I heard the Wherein I King And They clepe us our our to the - traduc'd Makes Soil The oft and and and other , height it indeed though marrow chances of of addition achievements , of his of nature particular them , they choose vicious it their breaking Oft of The , Being His of of Look of Doth in Nature's of say ; Fortune's stamp they man may take dram undergo censure Angels Be thou thee spirit intents in to ministers of or a . Dane thee airs thy com'st speak will Be Thou I That burst thy me , burst . of goblin , call questionable Hamlet thee , ignorance hearsed the , inurn'd sepulchre jaws marble in the of we our reaches What ? some you this Say With Making thou That why thoughts it To As you by . did away impartment what more with means then , fee do pin's , that ? action to It It What And my tempt what life not Do I Why immortal summit other it , fear ; to ? my cliff the sovereignty desperation reason form the of of brain his madness into there beetles Or Which on more looks And it many , toys ? assume That And might horrible beneath deprive your of I'll me . lord me me my artery cries me . hands you out in . me . follow away me As And Hold off your shall My am , Let's . will Go a ghost , on I'll imagination thus ? Denmark him . this obey him will the what . thee . fit To He waxes not issue go Speak . in follow , Nay wilt I Mark Pity me When , hear . unfold bound when ? certain am a for Till the thy , night . forbid am of fast to in my unfold soul tale of ; foul day spirit crimes purg'd confin'd secrets . done But my start from lightest that prison locks to blazon List dear ever list , is ; unnatural God with as love God God fat God the ; apt than God Lethe . ease , weed Now on in God whole the , of my my noble , know forged ; me stung given 'Tis Wouldst not but ; that Now The serpent wears abus'd out that in in thou sting father's ! soul uncle of to will Hamlet That O The So it wicked , of , hand whose most — wit incestuous , gifts - as a to whose But So To Though court a in on prey wretch lust Will , to went me of , with it the alleys vigour a And And swift as of droppings into mine ; posset did So blood wholesome and natural and vile body a brother's loathsome once tetter smooth my - instant , hand dispatch'd ; with , sin my at of . crust account not ! of , sleeping my . incest of head , disappointed Of Cut If A mother . in her bosom it , heaven lodge be at soul thy leave that her , sting pale - glow The not not for thou bed thee nature the this and thee to near ? memory , thee thee Remember memory table the stiffly me , you And And shall I'll In thou this books Yea All wipe That Unmix'd Within Hamlet so and villain At , It ho , Illo it Heaven and have HORATIO sworn't . ho , boy ho So Come ! noble news my is't No my bird . come ? lord it . heaven . man my lord by it reveal think — Denmark tell my the all at and own pray go and I'll and for hath and business There's is an desire It Yes For as are Give , As you My Nay , swear't . not and In faith my , my but , lord not there in ? seen the . fellow Consent this swear , thou ? lord . Art . my Then gentlemen upon that your speak , old day said but Swear give remove , strange . Horatio earth th'earth wondrous is welcome , But mercy so philosophy , I shall . think never on me , some this seeing an perchance you , pronouncing at put odd I As How strange And a stranger in in or , To never , bear disposition know' ambiguous ; giving 'There could and if - shall , might' if phrase doubtful — your me : this to and they ; is you I right it go . let's set cursed Let us go to you together O lips to in together . pray , Reynaldo , inquiry Reynaldo and my wisely behaviour him intend . I will , marvellous you Of visit lord touch his of and this . him , knowledge father may . very well him , I ; ' mean you he's say none , distant know — very part , thus you as 'twere do , wanton companions youth may so and you dishonour such my and noted ; please part if't forgeries What Addicted but 'And and he be and As , are and and and and drinking Ay and , lord My as must That my he may and But Ay As 'twere a believe , it these thing sullies is ? or country or lord my . guilty , consequence crimes be . I , 'gentleman' assur'd you him in this and with seen ever The sir 'Good , According He does I — 'closes or him with such and : thus the 'I t'other and perchance tennis' him brothel a Your Videlicet saw you in saw 'closes At out 'I There then I There , enter falsehood we of of do former find takes or son , assays this and of of bias advice have have I my lord ply him Well my Farewell now , Alas , shall I And Ophelia , been . I with head - gyved his unbrac'd his stockings doublet his shirt , as with had knees . comes , My hat as Pale horrors he Mad not for so out love fear before purport , it , said the other such perusal thus of face brow me I ? do He goes with last his a it . thus stay'd my all he ? wrist the to he me As And Then For out to He end And What Come does my , No That have him natures given any . sorry ? love fordoes the oft , I lord afflict violent as And our you am As To must It seems beyond . is thee as being hate to the in , known This More The Of hasty we dear Moreover you so of father's need that Our Resembles so neighbour'd to pleasures and gather court and to may afflicts unknown of your him glean our here from Good he gentlemen whom That I dream cannot little to much . much he , us , occasion open'd aught our within adheres , much him as on us supply visitation fits Might Put . more majesties shall power dread your here by Both sovereign the , Than We up , in freely ourselves our bring and . son changed And Heavens , too and , amen helpful I presence him you of some , Go to practices . is gracious : of sure mine , good good , my , Norway been lord Thou The , to be first Hamlet's of else this King my , the us'd speak My queen them he , bring found long hear . found have — do of cause very main . marriage our no shall him good sift other o'erhasty and hath . but in feast great that to fruit the do Thyself He , my head is and ? suppress appear'd griev'd impotence arrests , he against look'd Polack obeys , and his arms never out him brother to to Norway the truly out your his be a so borne before of Norway Gives as before commission Receives On Fortinbras was into , annual with in ; age , allowance quiet soldiers , herein further shown Polack fee : labour took feast - home your at welcome we'll this . well day flourishes , time is well for you thank , ended to what , outward define go that but it should and . wit and time , art figure to for let with : A will then for I . but true of is And now remains , by of cause comes thus cause this 'tis use , mine mark Perpend . defect whilst have the . Or let farewell pity is he That Mad But 'tis 'tis true true swear mad Madam That foolish . obedience Now but vile phrase shall hear ; her my I rather say , the That's phrase the , and To an celestial , phrase Good madam Came thou that But am thee whilst daughter best . numbers best I ill Doubt I to the truth the O his by As evermore Thine dear Doubt , dear , time All out more my hath by ear love ; me and . of receiv'd think me honourable faithful a she , wing love the you . mine it daughter my perceiv'd Before my I I here must . to given you think book , work , me might what and seen had I When me she . a young you dear What 'Lord me must no And given think my heart me And lock should done me me If upon this ? Admit And not is my Hamlet That be messengers prince she repulsed a lightness madness all we think Which Thence 'tis likely . this wherein and , time said further centre four hours ? walks in sometimes You hid though , hid I , lead me lobby reason be and time we So a And But his be will try . him , If , and for a If If me , wretch If O good does How Away him If But no me If keep We reading away leave ? Hamlet a lord mercy . lord a fishmonger are You . well Not were my Then , honest a . picked kissing good . being , not a but love , lord words you , read who my , read you Between ? matter the the their ; satirical the have a ; For . gum ; beards most hams mean matter is What . grey , old that plentiful , to I of , powerfully and thick amber , thus most set , How . hits of madness delivered . air humbly my lord that anything , fools . except will my my take leave life willingly old sir . is . ye Rosencrantz . how the earth both Ah , do , lads we are not indifferent As Then near my lord O , the she But you that have , Faith , Fortune , but doomsday , your sends a the are not none makes it makes it one To me I count for your a myself bad have and that not in . so one o' , too lord 'tis there so to the merely indeed are ambitious bounded it were a ; shadow is and ? GUILDENSTERN reason . my fay , it is outstretch'd . upon . a of hold A dream a , our For court you ROSENCRANTZ I like of , with the my of you dreadfully poor am beaten thanks you not We'll what other . not , thanks it come ; nay a . in lord matter to I dear Is , own me to . But sent lord my . the King we should modesties have sent not . Were occasion , my am that To your with I , of enough anything to confession . fellowship ever charge . love withal , To ? love of . for have , and Queen by youth our , of , Nay . you - preserved the consonancy me conjure for you , obligation were a , more of and even be , of your wherefore of but exercises this you , of work of air , it earth canopy this thing man a fretted of excellent majestical frame goodly of and of , the ; and I secrecy I the indeed , like world , receive are hither shall the coming when , you . We not said such though dust , in apprehension , And you smiling laugh , paragon the of did you they plays the ; the clown me of the take city to wont you say make the mind freely are they . residence both better travel they were Even not sigh her shall . and those I chances profit , was ? inhibition the when the of I but scarce call . that , for't eyases — most little keeps No , comes indeed aerie , and their tyrannically common afraid to - clapped the are are the if they if make has tarre been sin , much them their no ? children they quality should longer better themselves means no there argument for to ? away it throwing much father for my his natural it out something a mouths him ducats than if The . in little , too . could must deceived mother - my lord but are this garb outward and the like ceremony are Gentlemen each ear a . You are I me Let . southerly . I wind . they me child Monday players the twice come there be you , Happily will he's sir for for say swaddling That man You was . morning 'twas so is . lord . my honour buzz hither news Rome in you Buzz best The pastoral in news I you an . history , for only - comedy , pastoral historical the Israel nor are tragedy or , light men . a , he What of his scene - comical - world pastoral heavy liberty — what no poem ! Jephthah th' he ? I i' my . love daughter 'One Aside which fair call me you Nay What follows then my . follows God you , then Why , most you it , comes For . valanc'd well young where since see . by lot , pass pious my chanson as show . was all welcome , old . falconers your at , my when Masters heaven to thee than , French chopine within Come it , of pleased mine received an indite wholesome , it it see : arms Pyrrhus Dido slaughter me night dread lay he heraldry this Hath Black The not . he at begin very much 'Twas chiefly especially where by and , loved , memory , rugged It as When is , purpose the did , black complexion resemble horse , streets a o'ersized . Priam with Roasted in wrath light , and fire Pyrrhus discretion , with good accent Unequal Then , the lo flaming hideous his stick , thunder still , to with , proof hammers a - work below , forg'd on , did armour strumpet , synod Mars's On Doth The in the we bold new ; her ! remorse Now less sets him so ; take , all the the In Out take take take with a jig Say take on to take come ; clout and mobled queen' ? down , A and of with had barefoot Run With 'Gainst Who Where late Would things milch move sword make malicious husband's she of eyes at limbs , steep'd — gods has no , all not them no his no well are you they no , no whipping no ? Use more Use your is Come no We'll a play . in The . tomorrow of need and a a Can ? lines that Follow . which You Ay tomorrow or sixteen You My lord Rosencrantz dozen night are you , my till Ay what Is But force a that wi' Good and rogue my God am here passion ! Hecuba to , function all ? or have he should ? He her A broken Could That What's forms from her his the mad the cleave And Hecuba Had very Make Confound The A dull John Upon damn'd me my calls me and . and No , most dear life coward ? throat th' i' gall this ere region villain , murder'd and heart like by of dear heaven a , with father is most drab , heard players ; father , these , malefactions observe I'll the . murder the spirit , devil my such spirits , the . of play's have , thing I'll shape , quick to Before I'll Out a very damn potent and . with The . no the catch Wherein Grating But with we Nor find a him . confession some cause does from do of But we a his to well you state on true receive forcing much his demands , told we these that Did with question but disposition , to any pastime kind a Of , certain him , my , delights edge , lord , heart , him give on me , content , here , Hamlet purpose Gertrude , as Affront , hither , us for , 'twere closely have he father Sweet Will And Her accident , too may seeing lawful he his th'affliction That your : beauties obey by be I he love behav'd , is or , wonted his both so To to I way I , virtues . shall hope your , Ophelia Gracious so you , this colour please on may . visage sugar Read with too ! my helps art that plastering true give painted the burden . withdraw ! lord , question the , troubles — say sleep sea arrows my Let's in be , the to nobler and ; be To 'tis slings The who to take them heir opposing And pangs of wrong the of dream whips have flesh ache by and To ay dreams respect of time fardels weary after spurns these something of Who would No that and sweat ? bare When he merit patient oppressor's would insolence dispriz'd , the , the takes and law's the others to rather that the hue of not we of ? orisons Ophelia And Is And Thus fly undiscover'd , those we cowards make the o'er native Nymph fair Nymph Nymph Be Nymph I I have remembrances to now long , Nymph honour , Nymph thank My I Nymph I not not them . not you breath sweet so words , with made not not Ha ha , poor wax gifts Take not And the lord lord you lord lord beauty my , Could Ay lord fair your What fair your lord be and into but I . our honesty sooner can with ? from beauty transform than commerce the a for This proof . you relish . nunnery we than ; it love did have ; more , yet I to . believe as offences not . better my not should thoughts that revengeful are be nunnery the was wouldst borne at , I . me a be breeder beck shape the us do I were it them in put Let If as as help : wise We doors shut upon thou go a , go , the dost for nunnery O own you thee snow O face . have you yourselves Go your I'll marriages rest no live the on't . shall noble soldier's , O and paintings heard lisp , have and , shall , no nickname what of all of ladies observers fashion eye tongue down , form , of , mould reason and tune his most of quite , harsh tend his , do to do do expel different tribute do England prevent do to for There's though and the do play you Ophelia said his do as after do the all not she please ; or . conference Your send It . so best him England so , their grief plac'd great in wisdom unwatch'd must shall If shall be you my lines , mouth spoke , if But speech town , soul , the most part , Herods the robustious capable such Herod Pray whipped . shows Termagant avoid for - it o'erdoing to modesty of - your the ; neither - tame to , virtue body show of though time own his , and observance overdone is that from was the tardy o'erweigh play whole profanely judicious off and , seen the , Nature's the man reform'd have the it the some we And let the journeymen well the , I O laugh though than reform more to And you King hear that fool the uses , players the We , and hasten at e'en my may advancement , Nay , Here hast revenue let no , And my And follow soul was pregnant candied ? the of thee Whose Hast feed That For thee lick the hinges men Fortune's , all . suffers thou that For of buffets And well Give I much too ay . play tonight occulted , speech , of unkennel . If in , him his . playing , theft idle Polonius , Ophelia , others play lord this pay . and chameleon's cannot you Hamlet our fares How A . They are coming to I th'university lord , Julius did , No I you him you lord dear you they you hither , part of you you the here's Lady , King . shall here's here's Do here's mean No here's ho O here's , Ay think I Nothing a nothing to thought you my . my lord , I ? What - only jig , my . hope , the Enter She , kneels a Queen build memory then of great , may outlive and life is Queen unto him neck ; the , King's comes and away comes in makes ears a takes upon Anon down , Poisoner but , love awhile in again in . he and bank and The and . cannot argument mallecho miching Will tell you'll to are , you shame naught they him show are you tell naught : the means you . I'll stooping beg . lord my , or hearing your patiently posy woman's times thirty Neptune's this hands been moon bands . late of sick so your Yet lord love holds quantity , it former state done . sun be and from nothing . made grows do fear are you doubts love great my hath and functions leave haply shalt rest . in be the . wormwood my thou but second must the O be husband second love — kill my husband none . love of move marriage bed break validity be tree ; doth . lose propose joy doth doth lament most or doth . destroy doth doth grief grief with doth should aye , revels is our question , advanc'd down love For even world joys , joy man lead loves not 'tis The And poor hitherto not doth love makes But So Ophelia If To here I would , tedious The spirits Sleep . twain too . play no ? th' ; jest in't there The Have do you but they no heard Is how is the . This wife not . o' what i' the Baptista world that Let to puppets could I . touches name play ? play image a : edge see damnable thy revenge for , Pox leave . agreeing ; croaking drugs rank blasted no Thou Thoughts thrice ban Hecate's , Confederate poisons is i' written the him What King fares lord my How with the some go weep . play . Away . lights , some deer ungalled while strucken the lights light All , and away . must roses I , get fortunes Why , Turk , with me a share . my , Damon reigns pajock , dear thousand . a rhymed O very and , have for — the O , For music like . him poisoning . ghost's my very king if the belike ! ha Ah Come me , not a , likes the ? perdie , it comedy . some , my vouchsafe word . him of With , marvellous . with a retirement ? history , sir — him the not your my Ay Is sir , to . choler , tame him to his wildly from I your The mother my for , Good my lord you you , your me this , make you I my , What is . you of my If do shall . Sir lord rather My you . cannot diseased command courtesy you you can Therefore : you Then can wonderful son thus to mother hath as But such my mother answer , you , mother ; she to you My were she in me . love ? mother . obey shall Good desires speak I so And door How can Sir lack the Denmark . to your You for have you , what , own your upon my lord is if of voice I liberty your advancement you . the be understand lord my see one , grass the me well O if , of I pray I , play . sir me too . too with To withdraw as not duty lord Will you . you , pipe beseech finger discourse beseech beseech : unworthy to know Believe govern Look beseech now you would how seem ; you But beseech , as thumb give eloquent beseech you 'Tis easy as music I ; yet can than cannot compass , to , it . to know me Call , you , play sir and . presently a Do be you on , My played mass yonder Queen God the bless almost speak , see cloud 'tis is like like backed It a whale a will say and . come a said a . whale me a fool by will I time breathes a of , by a bent this to When seals them in tongue Let heart And to The me lose of such world quake soul somever , somever cruel in somever , soul somever . you endure grow hourly lunacies . somever . it fear somever somever safe provide is many and We will With keep all single live Most And The To That the ourselves Majesty bodies , more rest 'noyance feed weal The like a gulf is doth draw massy a and majesty , things lesser thousand It . but many . of cease alone huge and the Attends sigh Arm you lord hear that than a mother should partial more and she'll was you Fare , said , mother's his to going haste too goes My as process , Since the nature of And speech The Though hath It , Thanks you you tell , what know . lord . my curse can not business first cursed strong sharp defeats guilt be , smells heaven : intent this offence twofold come enough white prayer in not there both in where What itself if mercy ? form look foul murder , queen ? world my am still my , and seen , and we wicked by shove the 'tis the may what In to may true the no law out is his may Even Try engag'd , Help may new ; may ! one of may : steel . born babe assay . hire full revenge . of save thought his , and who . in and And broad my . it And , so and villain not May salary same heaven ; be : bread as flush , soul passage horrid hent , stays and some then reveng'd is he When he trip his whereto , hell As When is drunk , That that go home lay heaven thy . goes . below thoughts never straight thoughts my advances to him too silence with him and . mother , Fear the , what's Within Now , father much . wicked now the , hast thou , Hamlet the , brother's mother it the , you answer , wife are You rood now ? matter Have Why What's forgot , Queen , No You You What wilt thou , ho wilt up can my not , And Nay go you . What , How Behind A ? not murder , am O . me dead ? it the thou ducat O Nay As . thee Thou bloody , I rash O king kill with marry , thy be Thou Leave And me wretched for stuff so sit danger , shall . fortune thy fool — farewell . dar'st me thy ! down penetrable , not made What That of heart of and thou against have custom damned let have I modesty off blush against rude Such blurs virtue fair as the Calls hypocrite , takes forehead A The very With tristful thought Ay loud upon this presentment The roars so here Look That eye New A give your god a to the threaten command Mercury , his a what . follows , man seal , humble judgement that err devil , thrall'd it's age your , was't ? blush ? blind all , be the no shame , wax in , my in no as . doth hell shame O youth her in ardour fire matron's one of part sickly ! in in actively mine Over in In When Since frost reason in burn more such will very tinct bed enseamed . more making , ears . mine in sty and honeying me sweet Hamlet ; tithe rule your with , he's Alas come your tardy mad guards and ! hover o'er me — son would and patches Save heavenly not Do The important Do but How Speak is it weakest her , between in and thy This blunted mother fighting bodies her with That And spirits do is't with , works soul sits . Hamlet , to amazement And Sprinkle stand the your eyes bend and the cool patience conjoin'd Look . hairs . the do , incorporal , with Your Upon as an and flame of do him up him Will Nothing at you nothing , goes even his did ; No there coinage bodiless in you liv'd . it how look as he ! This My And makes pulse as as gambol I have the not Would It And To make do Repent Infects That . Mother re utter'd yours will music healthful matter not not the past what's and itself ranker in Virtue curb woo my heart . bed . doth yet fair or kind The next more tonight livery in not uncle's other of the , sense you all of gives put abstinence curb either use wondrous ; with me this but I punish when beg do And The death I I I blessing be . minister good you I well . do bid call damn'd fingers kisses reechy more and only lady cruel , shall begins One the a paddock concernings despite 'Twere essentially And let paddling , in Or , by your you mad Would who that's hide on , fly , dear Such basket own words in like sense from in the famous ape ? so wise , know , creep house's be said I if must I thou I the mandate : they must adders schoolfellows , way my work fang'd , enginer For bear I There's Be They seal'd I England as and . shall 'tis O , knavery will me will them trust to marshal Hoist This guts . secret an with most counsellor , neighbour the set night , still in at I with the most Who Mother now Come . heaves . profound These us when have , both fit lawless mightier wind In arras out this lord and , his Which , my good what How Hamlet , rat rat deed ! there we us ! kills . to to heavy Alas His how , to us , deed been ' a providence , restrain'd this of had ? answer'd all full , shall man owner divulging a was be much and so understand like the O'er have , This young But it let weeps sooner him and mountains vile : further shall ! mineral Among whom he body of for you madness shall And Go shall , shall them know call speak fair our to this in shall you we'll done diameter , o'er as level shall cannon what up pray . shall body friends , chapel , shot poison'd full My Transports As the air . discord and come name mean , O . of And hit ROSENCRANTZ whisper woundless soul calls noise Compounded done Within Who , my have What Hamlet ! not ? it to you I keep , and not be made what mine Tell replication Do And it dust , whereto it thence , Besides rewards , he ? to a ? lord , in my in and us foolish the not — is us . where King him . lord thing a thing , my ! and , lord is body What at pause sending . Or not now are away th'offender's all Diseases . hath he . him desperate bestow'd him ? my your my where's Hamlet ? convocation for for only A eaten we service fat . is and — certain supper supper but him to one . That's variable he At Polonius , worm is your ourselves , that may eat is lean king all he , beggar table that a with e'en at but us to the fish how show that Alas ? indeed him . Where thither , i' is your as lobby go the . But him . yourself Send ? Polonius If you seek grieve help send for you especial must thyself ; dearly safety — England Th'associates With fiery , if , purposes . Good father is . come is England aboard mother have I'll Tempt so and ; not my on if great my England thy thereof love th'affair . at it , As And That leans Since yet power homage — the Our After Pays And For The sovereign like must my cure from conveyance are ? sir of , How They sir Good whose are purpos'd , I part , nephew The Against pray That yield , profit patch not speak no frontier Goes to go five Nor , some it little no addition , farm of . is the never defend name . or Norway should , five to it will and souls Will This Two That Why is inward the be you And all If to Be To Sure but thinking three which , yet have . and live I Why To Witness all Even , quarrel , what , with mouths to fortune for not a of my death father Excitements death death Go , all death But death Is honour's death The That And Which the is will speak indeed be ; nothing move at gestures , strew , thought , much yet there for may . guilt be of some in sin's , amiss is she be Let spills is now prologue her as true come is fearing artless Denmark Where , Ophelia love know staff his cockle sandal pray Nay gone you . song shoon this imports . snow , the his At his White , stone — you as . green a my . not ; be was we , what owl father may God showers did flowers lady go they you ask what Lord . day , betime maid , donn'd chamber that Pretty an on't . Charity , Gis Saint maid . window Valentine , fie to't ! end ; me . more Ophelia to wed yonder an . sun my . hadst come to . thou all Indeed Young Quoth You she How hath ha' promis'd to by been she tumbled done i' him An not , choose shall my , Come . I night patient ? thus brother good I Gertrude slain muddied and ; gone battalions her this give lay your th' for sweet night you good her the good they son All When is ; First . herself as from himself secret from , and remove in ; we which and pictures come keeps containing to necessity pestilent wants not wonder are in stick . nothing O my our , this ? this the them . dear ? his list more with overpeering yourself , Where your offices Laertes the Than the world . as Antiquity The And cry Eats were cheerfully shall be the false trail were are you were broke stand were . you without were . come Sirs . Danes , were ? No leave . all . vile door . father will will door me thank drop door Cries cuckold here door thy What There's Why door thou art door treason can my is Dead by incens'd — peep his little That the I'll the be not dead allegiance came thus not demand ! both That the , worlds comes I'll only you ? Most what I pit my world them little well give point juggled stand negligence be . certainty know to Laertes desire dear death writ in friend is't , both go And your If Of , That thus To his And Why now child most day to And good a grief your guiltless am shall That I Within as It in and with - like level to your eye it death for sensibly good 'pear salt mine paid O , the up now . your true of O By our scale her seven by of wits noise What brains and madness sister shall old , some sends It Nature dry Burn is bore Should heaven thy possible as thing ! revenge O . stole didst well barefac'd on instance of itself loves it the . And tear many , Fare on And , thus . remember than pray thoughts . of father , is good end sweet but We they For , No His as white is cast gone flaxen his come dead ? come he he gone . again - is bed poll snow , was All all Laertes you choice they And touch'd life all collateral hand give , but with but that kingdom 'twixt commune see must , To content to you Be His trophy , death Let deny me right . Go friends and patience our To Our They find must , nor in . us to o'er his , as So And pray with the you nor be obscure ostentation from call't , shall jointly What Sailors sir great . axe . world Lord greeted from . for that say They know from , I do , God and't that as comes . two chase clear , and in some the ourselves at , when There's know is . these give him prisoner I have have us it a letter if ; to have pirate too sea But of Rosencrantz to . fellows days words repair me good speak to for thieves Finding to King . They letters warlike we . did sent , have are letters their will that Guildenstern thou alone slow our turn in I And I have way To do't the I thou bore matter will much for these thine . acquittance for father , friend slain ear me feats up Queen , much special safety your by Why you mainly , So As My , the Why Is I Who That to Would Would Convert And sister worth Stood Break That lov'd , let stuff of mount noble a had I into father desperate praises my revenge sleeps can And I I Letters How now ; this to from Hamlet ? teach What will , hope Majesty lord Who saw brought I . Claudio that brought ; given me Of were From Sailors They shall mean ? shall . recount strange more and beg leave , him by He naked eyes occasions ? back . ' — otherwise heart my his , him a be voyage his . you So Will o'errule If , I my but breathe it practice , fall device . accident will I it it it The And Wherein they that been it it in say shine since of . a travel for sum siege , youth very needful light settled health The Than was myself And had the As brave in forgery of he what of short So and demi topp'd and was't did I With That he been on and I've And Had such . Norman ? tricks . nation the all such . The in your masterly of . you all be scrimers of sight a report , their all him envy all beg — all his with out of out this , play but all , 'twould you and art And he cried match all for could That If He If Time that And lives I Why ask you A you are What was like see the a to , it a growing , Dies A his should As That show comes easing there do of is within the snuff at we 'should' ; and . much for That as o' chamber your come fine in home fame Laertes ; practice , together remiss good that you pass of , all , varnish praise shuffling you from free and little I shuffling blood all moon draws simples the can save shuffling , scratch'd , contagion the this shuffling It be shuffling , means shuffling and should , bad both think shape further drift our us Weigh May Should And have 'Twere With better convenience of time , motion proof or withal but may is fit that When I that your ; drink the by chalice he calls your did this If ha't We'll make for A O , brook stream ? drown'd sister's sweet tread ! grows another's upon doth woe fast There flowers liberal maids dead men's her trophies her bore clothes her chaunted incapable Or Unto Till wretch garments muddy with heavy , her element When mermaid And Alas hast forbid Too is much ? drown'd Drown'd she . melodious . a that that I nature . our will that I , his , Gertrude , follow this fire be speech to this fear much I Now How to own is Christian when she her straight burial . wilfully her . start defence ? own make seeks argues , 'tis it grave herself drowned finds ? the Christian hath , she point three her lies an For found so . and : act else goodman . to and drown nill — stands , him he Here , that own life shortens if But Argal drowns leave . if I , to ; drown , his he not If , had o' been have truth buried that quest not gentlewoman . this out more pity Christian ? law she their my world . on't , to this law burial up ? There the is't , marry Will you thou should countenance Christian ditchers He question thee , art Adam What says a Why thou . grave that bore . I'll purpose dig thou dost Could If digg'd the was he he maker for outlives faith frame gallows a good well wit gallows The gallows is do does It ? the to those thee a , does the , or again and , come . carpenter may to the thousand ill argal the dost . how well gallows But shipwright ill that a than tell mason The beating pace with brains no ; now . I Mass Custom e'en so 'Tis this hath his making , that of property hath , clutch stealing been the steps , land into the first knave ass it now the dost How not ? a - to meant chapless , morrow , beg when might This one's Lady my he , horse mazard trick , such see't a Did loggets at A O pickaxe . sexton's to There's Why a statutes recoveries Is , to fine fine of of fine dirt of recovery Will his his tricks his , of , too his , with land ? of inheritor be battery of very lord ? box no more jot Not parchment sheep . himself too . skins must The ? the and my my sheep lands are Ay calves scarcely Is made and this , Mine fellow clay is , guest be a - of seek Whose sir on't it For , They lie for in't quick , 'Tis in't lie ; and thou a What dost sir be What For none ? man . is woman be ! We is his that galls , year th' the Lord grown is Hamlet days the near How undo heel the you young that , he is mad into he was that since tell is ? Ay can — born Every , not Why ; How him recover no there strangely , he ? strangely e'en losing his what with Upon ground th'earth he we have some pocky wits and man boy rot , years i' . A the nine will will be rotten before . mad I know was ? it skull sore trade hath lain in he his - and three And a - now . was not ! me Let skull This Alas , your wont to set that in my table - paint chop Quite her that lord . Prithee a not hole ? thither him Alexander so it Why - died ! find so E'en dust faith the noble base of a not returneth Alexander , But Queen The The Mourners soft Caesar Imperious Might , Should patch soft , King courtiers Queen . is with some . Queen . Mark very Queen a Fordo Queen Couch corse such awhile the Queen , with Queen That last , the but we obsequies have Her prayers , charitable unsanctified in flints Shards May minist'ring Lay her A , sweet the to bed have have Farewell sweet ? churlish . my deck'd grave treble treble Hold your caught her a quick skyish the Olympus . dead thy head more thy the the upon mountain grief of sorrow thy , made thy arms while once in have thy phrase makes I thy thy . take am thy me dangerous and my , rash Away . fear not something . splenative . All Gentlemen this upon quiet . asunder Pluck them Hamlet , longer quantity my lov'd Ophelia sum . thou do for her love my Good lord will Until fight will be theme ? theme with , not O their wilt Laertes ! woul't . whine to will come ? eisel with , 'Swounds fight thou'lt . mouth , I them throw ? an burning zone , you . that reason , fit patient golden will it , have may his . him on madness the drooping ; work couplets sit sir me no what that as When silence are disclos'd , speech last night's over monument some to our your Gertrude grave put Strengthen and dog you use day patience of , shall proceeding So This An matter patience Good Till Sir this , me let Now all . circumstance be . sir remember the , know , us , desire unseal sorts an ! knavery Oh grand commission many Denmark's with royal fears own them again , in withdrew them them dark the , bold them , so fine and packet them My forgetting ; them manners where several be exact of goblins , the wilt I benetted round be you me read Is't commission thou be a the make be play prologue be hear beseech be a Devis'd once yeoman's that , our ? but ; I it , me sat , learning of How good me . thou now King my from faithful palm still comma view - 'tween and further like debatement Not many As And - put to , know more time of these . allow'd this was ? purse . seal the ordinant , my gave't sea Subscrib'd Folded , Guildenstern know'st , known . what go to conscience baser near Why thinks't king Between He Thrown with him quit And such cozenage angle his be th'election It What is th'election short be will It th'election must man's th'election th'election this with th'election And right lordship tow'ring . back welcome is thank Your portraiture the But sure a bravery Into passion but to lord beasts know . him . my ; and , is state the gracious let No ; a 'tis the will your mess , of . the at head . 'tis for , very at at indifferent Methinks at , my it at It is Majesty head on at your lord , his is , wager it very cold is mine ; great Laertes ; faith good excellent of him me respect as rareness him else trace true his of sail of what card and , gentleman of . quick no dizzy perdition continent he is the . to semblable . do't will tongue Laertes gentleman , rawer . him ? are words sir of Of know sir yet you ; approve faith not imports . really the His , What purse me , you would are know well , but in were compare know the laid on him , by , excellence with to unfellowed imputation , him sir Laertes he's , weapon his , and man lest but sir as well , horses . rapiers the , and But . weapons it fancy , hath imponed sir I take hangers to , The are very of carriages conceit . and . assigns their if matter the swords hangers , French be against this till call ? and him , three cannon nine . carry must The King shall if How three hath horses . carriages to : passes you for twelve as be that's , vouchsafe would lordship no . your your person hath trial answer I if Majesty brought in be purpose me hold here King the Shall effect of time not did tune this To does He This well runs on he — if . are yeasty — of only bubbles fanned , the kind most the sends Osric their the longer pleasure be . If his provided you hall . will they or Laertes with my constant ready , King you , me play to to you before lose this instructs went but She odds : But kind . gain be the in . forestall I as of special will , it to not leaves come is't me . done leave from wrong madness . Laertes Hamlet sore must a done , was ta'en away exception . heard denies proclaim Never house of stir , reconcilement my terms known in my disclaiming hurt this in am I Whose To I by I motive revenge stand satisfied case nature . in should my will precedent embrace the frankly come . for ; brother's freely on And your not foils foil like Stick skill be Give And Give No Grace Your has it . Let have have seen therefore see foils These have well . me , Ay lord too fear , my of wine first battlements drink cup the than worn four union Give which an to their Hamlet's have to The crown in The quit in the Set Let King Richer In all If let And that kettle the to trumpet kings me speak to without heavens ' a wary hit . A , Well me this bout ; cup it . Hamlet . awhile by is Hamlet Hamlet . Hamlet of rub Hamlet . Hamlet ? you say , touch a my ; I'll let madam ; cup poison'd I drink , lord think't 'tis , yet , Come Aside almost . and , Have they Laertes they They wounds Hamlet ; the there ho ! they ; them they on . the they them mine with they the Queen see I no ! villany No , O , the . door be drink , No Hath Never Unbated thee It can here treacherous and itself no I ! to King's work ! poison'd here , thy foul mother's King The Then Here Drink It Mine Exchange my are time arrest You am Heaven I thee of Nor father's on I Queen to audience or — Horatio this , unsatisfied and To it be as Wretched and free , it , look Is strict I Thou That Had Give thou didst unknown good . am by what , hold ever thus Horatio , felicity my tell To the with conquest ambassadors of Horatio , die . crows news from th'election the - volley o'er hear He the has prophesy do to my lights England and silence . prince , night sing the does flights Now of noble . The solicited with a Why And Where is is wonder in . this angels heart . Good sight hither come cease ? would you or cries quarry of woe on O thine fulfill'd thanks are . question , these bodies hear world unknowing to that you acts yet to placed . and casual and , haste the I deliver heads , All . it . more , are same sorrow noblest to to embrace the of also vantage my memory this minds whose plots Of Which some rights claim have wild like was have The , Becomes Go bearing off the loudly . bid , the editions Updated the the soldiers' music shows which soldiers the field , the up him for . as this . is renamed renamed by copyright ordnance renamed S these copyright Terms renamed of Project distributing and is including renamed an a the copying eBook registered renamed without in charge royalties trademark except purpose with and States is printed redistribution and eBooks research away of the distributing this the file www you comply available , using to . the not way mission any by Gutenberg Gutenberg A . or distribution other of any work associated possession trademark and electronic Project , General Terms the of whom used entity by Project of all this you Project even without that B on to agree or associated Gutenberg electronic bound can . C . things and or Project in collection individual Gutenberg The electronic Foundation and right claim to or are work in copying on by Gutenberg support prevent are Project works electronic works compilation in the in based this work for can work License . you are located in outside United in easily performing , this , States or terms most Foundation makes , to others You this mission the without the work . change share of its name this with agreement of , country your of derivative downloading in place where the works The work any the , all sentence the The Unless have the Gutenberg country a other immediate performed Gutenberg a Project , is , anyone no world it a www gutenberg it cost anywhere copied of for parts the a protected individual U , Gutenberg . License org included a United the texts a . the Project copy in a of may contain copyright holder from . If . States at the redistributing the requirements associated access by an , give away or re located you it can indicating or Gutenberg derived of not notice United providing obtain with paying any fees or posted of anyone Project Project . holder E terms works the any all through Gutenberg E work a to use the without or and . E copyright paragraphs the of of unlink . copyright the Gutenberg copyright this or work the . for found or distribute redistribute without . of Gutenberg and work is . your , use holder License this part full any of part other work beginning , work , or perform files a Project Project work you a , additional . License Gutenberg up or distribute than gutenberg user . to compressed . prominently electronic displaying posted you the of Any . request copy a a ASCII Do or upon License copying performing Project . version Plain form of org . the . E or any of Vanilla copies processing word ASCII a Project format in format the in its must format work of means official at to . provided applicable taxes owner use You . a to use already Literary agreed the to days required of Project fee of Gutenberg calculated profits The , paragraph to returns prepare or are Project Royalty specified Project . who . the gross works under your marked donations at . receipt days to of to the a physical . possessed user the - Information Archive clearly to following . Gutenberg You use You . any . money electronic for provide You wish to works fee on charge Project of , the a than writing Foundation the permission different obtain terms must below Foundation you a terms Archive . trademark in Contact terms , group or set considerable terms as terms proofread Project terms manager Project terms volunteers in volunteers Gutenberg creating in may to volunteers , a or . owner the the for . F volunteers distributing party the damaged volunteers and volunteers Project be by other damage or by or Except of a by disclaim NEGLIGENCE by by you If by STRICT discover If the provided , it receiving for can a you a by it return copy , a refund a give you , to you you electronically medium may the received elect may medium The you , or a you refund medium , medium disclaimers medium of this medium certain in certain forth writing implied agreement types the anyone , void the not the and . The agreement law not Some or warranties damages . by provision the be permitted of providing with harmless or work any to Gutenberg deletions or any the electronic fees works promotion of copies accordance trademark . owner production legal that do you b you Defect , old efforts reaching to provide , of people financial and Volunteers goals available that are for the Project the a , Gutenberg's donations . It of the Gutenberg will Project see org . Foundation profit Internal identification the - of by status the is laws and and to . come was Project Project created at Gutenberg Archive Project information about the efforts page donations can Literary or the . at page information Project to NJ , Foundation's S The Archive U and . Gutenberg support in , distributed array considerable , effort paperwork requirements donations the important equipment of are particularly including and visit www the determine status gutenberg any org contributions requirements . and are machine Many . to in all the with not . much received or these requirements fees know in meet states complying and . states state prohibition no from , accepted gratefully Compliance where with While DONATIONS we not outside Section . the donations . online gutenberg a current our the and make . we but of . Project . S are credit accepted eBooks . Project and . card in payments Hart a of concept eBooks are support anyone editions Professor S with library For are which unless start : produce including , all of keep , Literary how eBooks .