Stand ? Horatio and . Well twelve Get you my had quiet at sick . I relief this For And do them think hear The of good , Marcellus ! Who . the Dane . ho , this , you . good night , of . Marcellus good . Holla A is , appear'd , tonight but . hold And What Horatio , fantasy twice nothing seen belief 'tis sight , entreated take let have I the watch if again to our approve tush , 'twill again , Sit us let so are What And let , hear star The thee . like , figure a Peace Look same , the In break speak ; King , it Mark that's scholar like ? spoke warlike buried charge . like it It speak , speak , is ? What How now march which ! it See ! gone , will more I own the King ! on ! had : thyself sensible and Of Without God Before ! As not What this very to he armour like Is So he When he Norway when , 'Tis at this state me , our most , and tell the land , war brazen of implements he eruption , before hath I my cannon week the whose of , sweaty the haste task knows , us , pride of emulate appear'd Fortinbras to ? day last King , Hamlet valiant , Norway , those his esteem'd a heraldry world who and , his of side this slay so to prick'd the That now know , even whisper , him our which our Fortinbras combat this Well he stood , Against Was Which forfeit Did Had he been ; King moiety competent , same return'd sir and resolutes lawless article Fortinbras , of vanquisher to fell in For That hath it doth stomach As His To by But to a food So compulsatory our that these but it be sort our so of watch eye . figure the strong those unto state our watch by motive source his Is watch it through armed was mote watch That Comes watch In watch the tenantless and little graves squeak A stars high and mightiest and in palmy trouble is most The As Unto prologue But Did As Disasters , And Upon almost Have And harbingers to doomsday of coming demonstrated , fates . on the still to omen climatures heaven Lo , blast ! though , thou thee to or me of thy to me , sound thing . good to to That Which to may happily , ease do thou there speak If be any to grace may the you . speak if spirits of in country's . life earth speak speak O in oft ! death speak Marcellus speak , they it if 'Tis speak strike , will not with my partisan it stand . do is blows ! here , offer 'Tis of violence ! the the shrill . I guilty cock started , crew thing like and ; fire confine present faded . erring his throat , have object crowing on they our say the fearful summons morn the to trumpet the is lofty god his Th'extravagant or of Awake And made cock comes , long dare no gracious wholesome then , and and do , nor witch morn the , I So say , birth that This Do in consent needful And then are look you No fairy So Break we our , him most conveniently I we , of for acquaint loves shall Where do't pray our Let us impart young , As be Though bear our memory so Yet To we Th'imperial Therefore Together Have one With , funeral , better affair to wife scale and and delight and we defeated warlike joy , and rid that : greeting and ; gait , Out of to you this subject further Of To Now for His , impotent lists this herein Cornelius of good , that To In business Giving For You what's speak voice cannot , it Laertes now Of these and all some told doubt You That What to , thy not to What . asking ? Laertes ? you . thy , Laertes and leave my Dread of instrumental to Laertes ; more hand the wouldst What is now will seal'd my beseech hard at my . last duty that bend your , By give ; slow ? son thy time wrung , to hath Take thy do his lord consent will — and Hamlet Laertes petition laboursome Upon my cast clouds still too you the off on Denmark . than hang be kind on i' lids , nature with a am kin more A , Hamlet not all father , lord for 'tis through , in the must die that to dust . lives it , common be . mother solemn of it it Thou thy noble . know grief , play show passeth suits of might , eye ; bound a course , grief term heaven father your these lost do To That In , most . 'Tis a impious Of shows A For vulgar the fathers till , and think our vulgar throne take us to note , vulgar love of nobility father to vulgar less you toward with that You vulgar of most , who that you world of vulgar throw today immediate immediate his son remain to desire immediate our your bears immediate Wittenberg let immediate of cousin immediate lose us ; go her and , mother thee not pray shall in Be Sits No the the smiling jocund great King's speaking too and , this earthly cannon health my gentle This as Why : this to come and so was much ; to in this an it , beteem to , this my should loving winds she the . Why so king — So he had of would of too if on ; on't or remember Visit As But Frailty Hyperion satyr might not Frailty ? she married like mine Frailty even , with my uncle , body name a on ere those Frailty most in most dexterity it sheets to eyes reason Frailty . tongue father's Frailty , Had Frailty Than Ere With I Horatio or , same I to see forget But you ever , myself . friend ? Horatio with from that my ! well . you do my , from . faith But very truant A , to And I make change you what teach We'll disposition my to came I lord prithee My would I Against To shall you truster you depart . bak'd upon . meats heaven . dearest my had me ever I thrift coldly Or , me to your to it ! forth methinks Where my lord ? me me mind's me Thrift me once man not king all like in , look I think saw for , In him eye again ? for , of these I while me ear . God's watch . father night length and Appears slow Stand Goes Almost his truncheon's and point encounter'd Barnardo their gentlemen , walk'd , me , kept in time the both word I not thing this ? was . third are platform third third third third third would sight . loud , methought address , haste know . know . my but know troubles lord say . Arm'd do MARCELLUS you you honour'd of , know Both from top Indeed , let know know you From to know the and know foot up beaver . more Nay upon , eyes Pale saw his face ? frowningly , he lord my pale countenance What in ? I fix'd I you been . Stay'd you . saw't grizzled when Longer one haste like might tell it very have would It , with moderate While I'll hold it me If was It If I you it . gape , you person . honour : you to your twelve is . All the would : them foul , winds the embark'd Farewell give not sleep . benefit . youth favour youth ; blood his in minute a , of . youth so but and the and not A youth youth youth Grows The And nor The virtue wide His nor For He not , nor himself ; himself nor The nor nor so Or with too your lose so it he so head in his so saying what ear so of loss , credent so If Then Ophelia you keep Out so , the chariest unmask itself she The shot and fear , in If and canker Fear and The Virtue and and And and Contagious wary Youth and Himself like a as my to Do watchman long double not own fear . blessing I stay double O , here a a , my Aboard me is too here in second grace for , sail shame . you . in . the rank rich oft of in lender chief and man , and proclaims generous a itself be best . true . be ; day the self and of edge both borrower a express'd For And of Neither Are they it canst : my must Thou Farewell This do my What I , and as season you The invites , go servants you the , tend , to said shall my . memory in Ophelia have 'Tis yourself you , What 'Tis told , of understand — free : late very Lord of touching something he Ophelia , well been — Give and , so most so your me time audience way do behoves as private Marry he to it As that And of , bethought You it ? believe tenders to me 'tis put must . them girl , fool phrase . more you think perilous a green call pay a dearly love with fashion go poor the of you'll ; speech , his holy In the , making , in the go . know daughter it , catch to , Ay Lends the your Set Than With almost must You not Than of be Not Breathing The would But that Believe a so command a in parley larger you vows dye implorators ; tether him . given for . of which , give to Have you words not As . shall I . nipping is an and it hour now of it , the heard it does What King The wassail , drains - The And Keeps he drum his triumph Ay Is in the manner mind , the my to More Oft Or down plausive I , of Carrying form in particular general man dram of a doubt of The take ! goblin or us , from hell damn'd , death why , hearsed ponderous again the , reaches and shake of in the ? we should disposition ? to of What our our again glimpses horridly beyond ? you it with you do Look waves not a what , at fear ? fee pin's a , the flood my follow of , the the horrible . toys , into more That And I'll still follow not go shall Hold ; Be off makes rul'd cries petty as My And Still , am I'll ! waxes He follow ; To after Have Something . I say Let's not , Heaven in let's him Speak . will the Denmark of follow direct it . I'll ? me Mark will . render almost and up sulph'rous I but thy I To , Pity not When , come . hear unfold serious , of nature in I But of soul hair Like Would I harrow each quills upon the stand on , end young thy lightest prison fast to confin'd am spheres , forbid word house , O not , dear and But of To foul and me this foul most the that foul Murder to May thou sweep Haste And thou Wouldst me that in itself , sleeping . ease thee to the in best wings love as . unnatural apt than Now Hamlet , orchard , hear weed , fat wharf Lethe the of ear my , of noble , his sting his wears , traitorous with that his that his was with of was went , whose marriage his hand natural virtue his those O Hamlet to From , his of will it wretch though sate Will prey methinks it court to a radiant a ; even poor be bed garbage scent And And in juice porches The With of secure . thy the heaven , mov'd , pour ; crust milk , hand loathsome about . body . droppings vigour eager tetter doth blood with enmity and instant most I like of smooth by vile gates And The Of Cut , in , O , hast thou If life Thus not thy to . her The - sting thorns , mother glow And adieu shall all And ! O heaven , 'gins aught nor thy worm that ; to of sinews ! memory thee instant Hold , my old What ! Remember records all my , memory shall Yes my , of , by ! past ; heart seat ? a ? thee fond all commandment book one , least Meet it is I set damned my . lord Now be and , smile it remember word . villain ! villain it so ' . Lord Hamlet . Within , Illo , Hillo How ho , boy , Come ? lord ? wonderful lord , I would , Nor then say you Ay There's no he's my There needs , is business — hath and . this us To ghost Such , right ; all : Touching but , you words , These by , now scholars poor know to Patrick , honest much they offend heartily , Saint As are O'ermaster't And is an offence , your as Give one friends My swear't MARCELLUS seen , and soldiers , not but known lord Nay , lord my , my Upon upon sayst Ha on Come . have . there cellarage . stage , the Hic Never Swear And to speak of by my my that again hither lay . my my . my our you that my ? Come your hands Then this , my my ground sword heard so upon shift my it of pioner ! sword i' friends . you strange Horatio , think me — meet . fast come But myself phrase and head , shall might' , never - be , note , disposition shall on , odd never if . do . they , you ; to as So we and to . in spite cursed O , go me love lack not so love I do fingers born The That , my is out your to let's . still do And t'express I You shall do Of it lord him , make , Reynaldo these , to behaviour did intend inquiry finding question come will demands , company Than they And visit his I . said what very , what What how well , said , first encompassment what means Danskers are knowledge this say . nearer more you , son my — part Addicted 'And in What if't , Ay And But so and dishonour such him please you To You gaming are , drabbing As youth companions But Quarrelling drinking . fencing my , and liberty ? may , another meaning season . go that may it ; on dishonour . so swearing , warrant . working you . you lord good Of you But my Marry I in you 'twere You And laying these thing you , is I sir it you you , He Of or so to And He was something to I ? my , does or He 'friend At , in ay know the o'ertook and , 'I t'other he , closes or falling saw the , so tennis' such enter brothel bait the him There , the By the At the Or the then son indirections thus falsehood at a or , such rouse in's or of house . you perchance See truth , now , of . and lecture have . shall inclination , you fare . my my his ply him I Well . my , been God the was name the . lord . music , his , gyved , I , No my now , lord With chamber ankle hell in his ? head - to all my sewing doublet his , as hat Hamlet with As Ungart'red , his he Then rais'd a profound my thus so arm his all and , of shaking thus sigh seem . And He his without over his last doors without light he went piteous of all lets his seek the me , help , go me turn'd eyes . heaven love King , on go itself am I as words ; repel did access hard . but to afflict given fordoes will does I not And , my our any oft violent as , What As you and . any of , lord His am That beyond it As lack grief known discretion cast quoted sorry made . judgement ourselves he beshrew to our our jealousy age and did in ourselves and we The ourselves need Our ourselves Since Hamlet's have Something use so you long have it ourselves should ourselves put thus man see to utter I the Guildenstern . you , of with humour provoke call it What , th'understanding young vouchsafe so dream cannot being since More That To draw as open'd aught Whether him Some Resembles much . himself you up in him I to occasion unknown afflicts may companies , thus him court , of with much hath much please will , thanks remembrance receive our profit shall a Both the We Than sovereign Might Put , As visitation obey your the both entreaty . into , you Guildenstern feet bent command full of some gentle . at in service up here and Rosencrantz you . Go , visit is . to instantly and , gentlemen presence to him and our and where , Ay bring And Have do to hold still been my , Norway from Are joyfully , I Thou my duty ? my , or else that great . hear mine this policy that I so of — of that admittance them marriage main distemper bring queen all that to long . sift good tells The Thyself grace , source and , him o'erhasty the me doubt I He Upon nephew's first Most falsely so But It which look'd levies Voltemand , friends out him desires Polack truly griev'd , out uncle Norway three thousand Norway borne his fair return which the found he ; obeys arrests , whereat , Highness into better , in hand , vow On age and impotence , brief and before his ; he in in fine fee Majesty more : Polack shown pass , read took : quiet . time . madam be what and day wit , is waste since night night and time together home night think and you , rest Most This liege And is , but day , is well is to time . figure with , I use that to Your . tediousness Were For find us : art at all . pity ; A for , swear true true 'tis 'tis farewell let it say , I I 'tis the out by defect 'tis , Perpend most beautified vile phrase : phrase and my a me a have Thus I in daughter cause whilst and Now vile , the of is you hear doth awhile move be faithful , not art , fire love . have liar I most best . machine this whilst , most , evermore Doubt ; sun are will a is to it to , ear time But fell As Thine . dear love This how more , lady dear his wing . and of love ? might , table - think , what love must might you faithful and . this it desk winking love round , your Majesty daughter When would I As I I Or I my Or is should lock And this play'd my Before If my dear think then out I with mistress prince , thus no of tale a a declension make fast into — No look'd my young , I precepts tokens my , now wail Thence done no messengers took watch and then , sadness repulsed , of resort . advice , that know fain ? it And lightness a Into been , likely very I That Where You , that Not this And Mark At Be such me you a How sometimes four indeed . to thereon state a love her assistant a keep be from farm will sadly look loose arras not , and reason an carters he his for . leave give Hamlet - Well Do How God my him Away where the Excellent does . I , man honest so a lord . my sir be breed true lord lord man a not dog — For if sun of , dead a you have my I very in a , daughter as is love , read you . do He my daughter lord my the I mean For that ; beards - plum tree potently , weak gum their hams yet , believe yourself sir sir Slanders you with . you out Though this Into walk . Will be madness , of , my him . I , How . leave , you willingly will my , leave which ? madness . air the that often I , means is out A ! that not sanity Indeed God . the To to These ; you My save lord , sir . he Lord old , you Polonius seek is happy ? Ah Guildenstern ye how thou earth . button , shoe are cap in Fortune's On Then is Then doomsday None What . Fortune particular news near . news have , friends , news ? question at the news me honest news more wards . and news . news my , is there are the Then th' lord worst , or . prison nothing is confines . there it a for We none to being think so it , is dream shadow a light it is shadow a ambition itself is Which God we ROSENCRANTZ but . by . you upon and bodies shadow's . GUILDENSTERN ? reason wait Shall I way what I my , am rest of ? not ? visitation free . speak . Were , there is ; have not for ? my , your and King which good end what know the let me . But consonancy and , of me To proposer you were the ? say or with what direct for an eye of you my you by whether obligation by youth conjure by love I Nay . and late ; wherefore secrecy exercises seems , not indeed and shall so ; know the this fire . anticipation a sterile with no Queen moult lost all my we lord King , it , roof , fretted majestical work me air than is a , golden , heavily with foul in reason beauty is , nor , how congregation pestilent , woman man god a express and moving . And how , man not me to smiling , then man think , players man of though lord shall the man hither if you lord man your ? paragon angel , the my world no such stuff in coted offer welcome knight the was gratis shall shall say those . for't the humorous What take they freely wont her , laugh , shall Majesty his tickle are such or lungs players residence . lady clown ; king mind the blank o' part service . target in sere ; peace lover tribute — shall ? the shall halt ; verse — the in city delight to it their inhibition they travel comes both ways . grow ? indeed they the both , by No same means is of sir fashion that there the but ; These they - themselves maintains goose of the , little comes How they Do wonted for't — rapiers so aerie that . the keeps clapped it of common eyases dare now the , question and many ? say scarce — them call thither are ? players — as it is common ; them ? wrong money the it carry boys about . away of load possible the strange O argument , they ; this more for at something in do that not mouths Ay is , fifty make very while natural if , of in than to are is extent to the ceremony fashion players appear and - more There are than I , should , is a him , would aunt like father , at gentlemen the handsaw . but mad But , my . with and , see second twice there the Happily he's prophesy right will , My he sir to have to lord comes you The actors tell are Buzz my news , honour his pastoral tragedy for the Then in the heavy - too , Jephthah judge and writ of Seneca - law comical unlimited , tragical O What . ass - individable light - pastoral , These are the only comedy , scene nor , liberty , Israel had which Aside 'One The fair , treasure what a treasure ? lord — and well . ' , I love , God like , wot you as will comes I Denmark ! friend old your , lady by , last and mistress the of The It row first , are , friends . you uncurrent welcome a speech the But me such in digested for speech my lord Come , it ? but I — was I sallets was method honest an fine was in the matter was than handsome was Priam's , was purpose lay Hath Black The It is rugged as When With , chiefly , memory couched dread this his more dismal and . horridly to smear'd , and fire accent too my short he Anon , With thus murders lend vile o'ersized grandsire Old So well lord , God , 'Fore , But Rebellious Striking , reverend Pyrrhus' his was Priam a , neutral i' the lo , against his th'air , Pyrrhus head hideous his senseless flaming with Ilium a . on , stood and the dreadful pause , Pyrrhus' , orb stand . crash top . to sword and anon , heavens armour Now thou heaven gods wheel ; hill long . say , you bleeding forg'd the him new a - work hammers proof . away fellies down to too on with ; to the jig to for good ! tale is or a the as he sleeps or . that upon clout . down queen' queen' come Who 'Gainst th'alarm treason did sport flames her see Pyrrhus his In seen is good barefoot bisson , and of , state gods with of sword steep'd robe for in caught loins , up . head would saw things instant Unless have , passion them Would The But this you , they ; see . turn'd move the in milch her malicious all , she . not burning . bestowed rest the well speak report you lord bodikin you for should My , I your After well whipping man used will I'll well , will were bad . after his desert their live abstracts the are death you according them Come my . of study speech ? a could , some set need a for would not , lord . and lord ? him Dost me . look My friends could lord and are and . mock , a God Good night You lord am I player conceit passion slave dream am Now a in's distraction and conceit And whole his . Elsinore to welcome ; wan'd here ! alone . appal with and ear general the cleave Make eyes , the , amaze with free horrid , stage and guilty the faculties and Am property nothing muddy - and dull say damn'd A he motive He weep for he Had mad drown mettled and , and lungs to , made whose beard A John And Tweaks Ha Plucks off nose villain defeat me I pigeon should the take Who the in me for : or region bawdy kindless the , it pate does i' a ? with heart murder'd ? this ere ! This , a ! heard hell most is the guilty ! by of cursing - whore , Fie upon't I of their proclaim'd to They Have struck so , That , scullion A by have the no have murder looks father my of I'll I'll For I Before May tent my a I'll devil course Out I'll murder most miraculous to . I'll the something mine him uncle I'll Play know be pleasing I'll If he I devil that , melancholy , I'll perhaps hath and shape and yea . I'll . the of The such the drift confusion , quiet . sounded means himself dangerous all he him turbulent and puts no why he crafty true bring Of his a be aloof . his forcing but a much But he Nor But would But , Most free him to reply disposition gentleman in of like Niggard of did it I , And night think They are about true to beseech'd 'Tis . him they To hear as in of we certain that pastime fell so it Did out . before the court , already these a have your told joy me too . these delights , entreat most see . here Ophelia by edge , seeing . accident for us lawful , myself Affront Gertrude shall drive his , of by as encounter their , have We we For We as him bestow he may If't That , and that , or do virtues your again , hope I the you so honours may obey wish I it his , bring Madam him both obey beauties part be gather And his obey love no wish cause shall obey Will your shall I And obey your for . bestow will obey . And obey — too much show ourselves loneliness prov'd The How action O a We oft To That Your walk , We Ophelia you , himself devil 'Tis I hear my coming . burden most thing 'tis too my . of fortune question the suffer troubles sleep say , sea that outrageous my Or And sleep For by more heart , in Must give to be to Devoutly - flesh perchance that we have wish'd To ay , to — to we 'tis , thousand of against them by . a end natural the , contumely takes make delay life respect come , coil whips this : what sleep rub whips there's off so the mortal , whips the unworthy dread country puzzles whips whips The To traveller whips And Than conscience the ? sweat and that whips The But With patient himself to with enterprises this of thy orisons awry of of . you turn moment resolution cast and bourn ills those know bear we make others us And With Is sicklied And fair ! of regard Nymph Soft ? the And I humbly I No , And My Take gifts these again There more of ; their . you right know , not now remembrances of receive long pray My words things them Ha honest unkind . compos'd , admit discourse no should honesty my for to power beauty the his what into it to Are lordship . honesty with your better have , Could , my . have should likeness it proof lord , you paradox now gives beauty honesty can , of fair , beauty will commerce than from time transform once . honesty you . deceived . I believe so you time to thy earth act , I such very I have ways Go . beck to and between none believe knaves At home my lord may . proud ? fool but than of me . them I as your , in , to O help give well plague snow as pure as , for nunnery ; chaste fool as If doors dost nunnery thou , a to marry lisp , will no shall . Go face wise ice men know ; and monsters needs marry them you . of make him . your God ! you hath amble enough creatures on't shall marriages nickname make your O rest I'll , well yourselves God's , make jig mind eye state form down ! tongue of and of the that unmatch'd form and feature see of scholar's noble courtier's the most I That Now Like That most His I . ecstasy do not that , most . blown and youth music quite sovereign of woe , I most soul most , way form something most There's . spake Was have : I be set For most I Will And which affections Love some doubt the Thus the the variable still himself brains settled beating think yet But commencement What From Whereon it down danger This fashion With demand if it do We his you all My lord , do now It Sprung To And To Let wisdom Your Of in from heard queen mother it hold But shall ones great It England ; unwatch'd must you it , as I as . gently fellow pated use my spoke I give say , ears the tear passion ; do not saw players your in you do and o'erdoing who torrent too had you , it . nothing fellow Pray the of . avoid you whipped . Suit , part , are split periwig whirlwind the to , tutor ; nature age anything at the 'twere own Now unskilful it to of not word purpose your honour your but for . it this to very or have speak to not — O the that , man nor neither others . and accent so highly be must pressure which they , had praise others the . her the modesty whose for the it , I your players the Nature's to laugh is . though considered in too it I altogether have well of Christian , fool set uses question barren be ambition that And the and of presently you of shows a pitiful ! ho What two you Will We Bid Horatio , my conversation lord a man spirits flatter'd be , hear thou ? poor lick tongue hinges the thy hope think not As To To That , could may suffering A In As One a thee do of play it told have I is , scene prithee with the uncle thee comes tonight thou when mine a Observe see'st before - occulted have seen ; join note , speech one in unkennel itself not Vulcan's mine stithy damned And we censure the whilst pay our to face . I the I aught steal They coming to Get , cousin others you faith crammed this . place a Enter of , That did did and th'university Polonius , you Hamlet ; the capons : these play'd My me my kill'd Julius players him , a accounted was What to ; hither mother my , To , your calf the . head lord ? upon my lie in lord I mean I No Lady . between maids' meant lord country What meant That's think to my are merry my . meant ? meant meant two merry ? meant within's be died . man my but I'll forgotten But Then a have half suffer . a , and . ago devil the let man's memory two hours months cheerfully how there's by'r , a ? Nay then you your , long , Nay , horse is epitaph ; churches forgot ! ' and fellow , King's upon a the , dead King leaves neck of ; protestation Lays , then upon her him in a bank takes He Queen asleep poison show very declines She kneels , Anon and . comes makes and again , in counsel . of they'll . play ; show to ? meant this the . this Belike , this is fellow this they that are what what or , shall We what Will You show . you what show naught for hearing the : Be what tell are our what , you what to your , my posy . prologue beg , stooping this We a 'Tis Here brief and twelve with and , moon and sick late of . gone Phoebus' Tellus' in us So That women's you distrust me count may commutual our love So journeys hearts cheer from . Yet , so love sun the o'er my and you far But Discomfort For aught is , great love too fear ; know there leave so you made fair haply — and thou one the great thee live belov'd For shalt this world to shortly : hath as thou operant powers , must . Wormwood , who but the second love Such O rest . move ! accurst kill'd wormwood kisses , second be in Aside needs A do believe husband determine slave unripe validity the . break of on , but what I none husband speak . you dead love , tree we debt be sticks mellow passion , violence joy for question , left us else either either favourite of fortune love or either with on doth needs loves not joys either This 'tis And who in either For And who either Our think ours still fates hollow I are their overthrown , try doth ; flies friend enemy end friend , dead , hope face blanks that But orderly second do to and thou are wills so contrary no , me be joy scope me , nor and and the lasting of it prison my first give widow . a hence would once . To Both , If Meet here 'Tis deeply spirits come Madam but O the , heard argument ? Is keep her there . offence no . methinks jest in't th' world of : I could see . King puppets if , you off edge Pox time agreeing , thy for seeing and drugs else , season begin and , drugs mistake drugs your husbands hands , thrice , apt drugs black Confederate drugs of midnight no drugs weeds creature Thou drugs extant is He , murderer written th'garden estate in and Lights let hart must watch runs the while , For this , turn Half dost You might rhymed have ghost's for a . word lord my of note the very some music . Come like , then I Come if For ! my , Sir Ay sir The , a lord a , vouchsafe , With Is , my show itself more put , The Queen your my you ; commandment please you Make make Therefore can is wholesome and , make good a Sir me to not , I My command : she O no but shall answer you your can the son that admiration stonish so hath struck My a mother's behaviour with , trade with once love me . stealers . mother our cause did you do , lord your I Good And We She speak ten in of her were liberty you succession grows Denmark voice advancement of your deny lack ? proverb is to the would drive love , withdraw toil your friend your . the . one in — cannot I pray lord My , I I . and . discourse finger it my ventages and of , you . you excellent my lowest ; make note , you do , sir Call me what instrument me . camel a a weasel it is , the lord cloud God speak you indeed ? They come say . will by It is like Or I — By . to breathes night , so will fool to . by and . me the top of me I said very to is yawn on Nero Soft Now and could business thy . such And do look lose of will My in them tongue and me somever consent none unnatural soul , shent be she my but in , forthwith firm this let not be hypocrites , this use bosom . safe stands range may doth . as endure you not hourly along dispatch prepare his I and keep feed many bodies Majesty of life your provide . is many and will near our estate religious with , bound is those holy That live single the The alone the spokes annexment huge the adjoin'd and whose small Each mortis'd To Dies to upon free put fetters we For Which Arm We I'll I'll . he's going arras the she'll to his than audience wisely warrant partial , well should was tax said go know . bed , closet myself him home , begin as hand bound will as my to intent curse sharp as business this blood sweet as , mercy ? twofold as look form of . as as . am my to come , me I since Then foul still th'offence , justice lies compell'd faults What forehead we not itself , above so there , shuffling 'tis seen our ? What one it What , rests ourselves bosom O repentance what , can Yet O soul wretched more Art stubborn knees ; angels heart of sinews give Even limed may state that , and and . death can , it teeth ! be ! strings babe born with new well , this salary would be not , Make of he for same full as knows and , him who grossly and son this stands of I course father audit season'd do , reveng'd And pat might now And so And Now I do't do . hire villain . And When he thou know ; swearing relish of his may that , him whereto it be may kick in't his heels that gaming in When At Then And has th'incestuous soul This trip That sword , Up As , physic King , no as . thy thoughts my , My come his that He too screen'd round be him your straight without will And him pranks and heat Withdraw warrant you Look Hamlet mother , Now thou have Come , Go No the Queen by the rood , are my . you inmost you set you I down the wilt ho ! help . dead I am , O what , How O Nay , know not a . king a and as a kill As kill deed Almost marry A To Thou And That In Calls dicers' blister oaths vows contraction . an off the modesty rose , a plucks religion Makes O . of and body grace Such ? thy tongue wag love innocent and of hypocrite . soul The a sets And That Ay roars The like , here See Look An Hyperion's combination to assurance seem set husband this moor ? for ! leave to . man what a is and , it's would of , all ? was't one where is blush ? wax no as a hell of , burn doth . Proclaim the , be . ardour let thou so , sickly shame charge . very soul my into will mine frost reason compulsive I And Thou When And Stew'd of of Over , tithe . enter . enseamed of In nasty but to live ; of ; ears mine ; the kings , stole me Hamlet sty of A And No . more of shreds the in ! the your shelf villain rule the figure the patches with your mad passion the important The laps'd Do That , not come time the of dread lets , say you guards and the You But step to look Is acting son and ! tardy your whet thy works purpose This forget thy . not Conceit is , do spirits do eye is't the incorporal sleeping with Forth your eyes life in , of . bodies and her strongest . soul fighting , lady ? Hamlet with bend , the patience . like hold , alarm discourse on vacancy you peep , glares gentle O end an ! Then action perchance have you do To there ? speak this I Do Look Whereon thy distemper you you , look to he pale piteous . conjoin'd not what — effects true you ; you ourselves ? is . the as how . see ! it father he goes you , Why My This very is This makes I And as cunning creation ecstasy . It keep ! temperately , unction my film . unseen And To rank but not the yourself , the ulcerous ; but Confess , curb Infects from gambol Lay That Yea do them For what's Virtue , Hamlet in skin will O the of the away woo ranker past Forgive of pursy to my leave must these other , not , Refrain fair in uncle's him do cleft with to worser Good For And With a That to habits And that shall or to this be . a desirous more good night same Once heaven so a pleas'd hath , it bles'd a nature a . with this , kind frock the either wondrous do a The Thus be cruel So . remains worse . behind again and scourge and but you of beg punish That this and good kind , me , this I of you I you , tempt shall and only , kisses bid on let And Pinch wanton bloat Not paddling you paddock concernings Let , basket in dear Would from in your neck . from from the break in basket down of no be I from hast words , life , your own neck from from ? to to I Be from To And must . and fang'd : they sweep way — schoolfellows , breathe had have made England , as will must . concluded two have hard below moon line , lug I'll night . good one two set me Indeed man at delve , directly end an , the O . shall in But Mother will his mandate trust , knavery one Let . to sport petard crafts 't to , This And them still most guts now into neighbour . meet Come , Who Good to , in most these 'tis your little in matter must sighs ; fit son a have I does when . mightier sea what something stir lawless wind his , 'A , kills In apprehension and Gertrude Hamlet ? What Mad , his Behind Whips out , yourself to restrain'd , whose providence our everyone all there ? of , fit foul what was deed But , will you It It have not of life divulging of love let answer'd to , out deed vile mountains and touch this , all him ship He , shall our — Ho Guildenstern : body aid . this in hence , hence hence do haste hence haply we , he and you fair pray up call both hence o'er know the world's wisest what to as hence poison'd of is My Transports air cannon , him , blank away name , diameter untimely the , chapel Gertrude full the hit and Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ stowed ? noise What Safely . GUILDENSTERN Hamlet ? Hamlet ? dead thence chapel we it take it Do 'tis that the . body king a Besides mine a for Believe what Tell where us , your Take — be made lord counsel what keep sponge King's my countenance . rewards ? his : mouthed King do in ape that last swallowed am you lord I us but A King body , squeezing I understand you you lord sleeps foolish and in after ear . the to The a with fox and To all distracted the , offence 'tis not Yet where to him to . Bring to him seek that put strong law their even , from get cannot body bestow'd your he pleasure lord in . We , Ho Guildenstern Hamlet him us before Bring eats e'en your to lean else but fat him at but he At At is worm , is ! and Your beggar table variable alas us Alas may all he the king Not politic creatures to that hath how you man fish a a That's eat not him the go ? if the find go But place you heaven i' Send . but Nothing within He nose you up find Polonius If as . till come him — as — this Which that . you , indeed lobby Attendants some , this , for tender the we especial you , hast thou do To will , Hamlet . For England ? Good thou . mother them sees , one wife is . England purposes knew'st come for our if My ; leans ; I'll th'affair on not so . Father mother . and it That England And Follow else foot done , with him . Pray is seal'd . Tempt everything Away my By sovereign the power love aught , awe , sense thee not set coldly ; done ne'er 'tis . me me by the him my blood it England rages Fortinbras march , so . eye ; lord my on his him , shall his Majesty would aught the . are Norway sir , I They Good How nephew to of main against Goes Or the for , some it hath go to speak and little patch would or Norway ducats , cause you sir thank , my lord before . man . time us scruple , or unus'd and such — know not craven but I do do wisdom , and earth exhort charge prince puff'd , and means divine invisible and , death eggshell spirit , mortal unsure , great dare . a . great How stand , to straw . danger . a . this try the . for cause continent , beds and cannot not speak not cannot Whereon their graves the cannot is thoughts My To hide cannot cannot much , hems she ? cannot hears her , they collection up to aim it nothing doubt in , of her father it ; and one , fit think yet there nods words sure , doth speech Her speaks , and were in , much unhappily she breeding for at move , thought . their them , gestures come her soul of sick prologue is to Denmark . strew be artless to full seems , Let ? staff hat true ? mark pray and , one your At his Nay , a Ophelia mark dead dead a head is , heels Pray shroud as his stone He Larded love grave sweet lord was baker's pretty They not what the you do say you the flowers ! what God we , you have no , know How Conceit your donn'd Valentine Saint Valentine's day , may owl words means in betime be God her , in Let Then And Never Pretty without la , Gis and By Indeed oath an make I'll , by fie to , come been thus . But ? patient your . night you . My , my Come ground cold she my by not How will be they so ladies For Without Divided from we as much buzzers in secret containing thoughts muddied ; judgement Poor mere France in to his necessity his wants not pestilent nothing . a to Like Gives ear Her , wonder of dear Gertrude many ? this is noise what door guard ? of riotous a my lord . the , him call to were , were be trail you , were , forgot world and we and in , offices the ! shall were on counter are stand broke is cheerfully were . all without . were , clouds the to . me . you leave . in . will give O father thou king door , cuckold Even here door door door door door What go That , divinity but That Acts little treason There's Gertrude — Tell go . juggled not Vows I'll him came How That Who shall ; stay throughly for come both damnation worlds To ! the . to what the . I'll only means I'll world revenge . negligence father ? your them . so . well ; enemies loser in certainty ? then None like them you kind life - but thus wide now of know my ? I'll my you a grief to sensibly As your . and sense rose ! Ophelia , be virtue of seven mine times . 'tis fine man's maid's of eye O sister the shall , itself instance and , as thy , turn maid scale , the Dear O as , mortal precious it nonny nonny him the love thing After sends many persuade steward false call - that . love for pray thoughts remember matter more than ; that's columbines it herb and call a We you fennel me rue with good wither'd difference all father . sweet thoughts of a is end when There's . and Sundays for rue There's o' my not he will he , come again again come favour , to And turns and affliction His All was was white mercy pray right me on , souls Christian all of of death this , Let lend , direct and judge by or our you you To nor be so obscure heaven burial — bones to in 'twere call't from question nor , as you . shall , his ostentation his th'offence I And Cry be No No to I So What are . with they would they They letters Lord the of Hamlet world if say know greeted be should not come them , in part . sir thee you too . your you from God not . Let bound sir . name , for is . these us got to a the On the them have very . prisoner the . them for thieves me sea King thou was that as am shalt have know their for letters of became have thou dumb matter the Rosencrantz and as fellows will . Farewell yet wouldst These , hold Guildenstern knowest thine death I thee way to will have will speedier that give much you these you whom . your may . letters thee for brought them direct , friend you you heard conscience your noble a father , you that me acquittance , knowing for seal must And he Sith your safety mainly , for me his seem , things life your with and my tell these . in capital appears not But and may yet But Which to , You O , crimeful you So almost or great love , affection their not go stone a so for reverted Who , gyves have And Convert Too Would Is That dipping all spring to the graces ; my had not timber'd Would like Whose That Break sleeps your not we it And that I How now will teach news , more ourself to love shook You must and with of are I ? What , Who by , my they Claudio I them brought them . them them your Letters Sailors . 'High asking Tomorrow this some it sudden your all , Are more to mean should is Or Know you the 'Naked 'alone occasions When — How Laertes ' to in my . thou be my ; return'd he my death no shall wind shall , ripe he his To Under And But even for the exploit mother it his My that , that one not they in be rather have And Wherein As Did What part that the , Yet light Importing was a in too The And myself age and riband my unworthiest A needful together , from him , regard my of it weeds since the , months he far wondrous on horseback of serv'd grew So and , becomes less , youth his wears unto his - thought shapes demi , my topp'd did tricks indeed , defence , report is . know I him For That swore could If He one envenom If envenom , Now coming envenom sudden envenom Your envenom envenom A that qualifies at a that snuff , own goodness wick and passages fire time . accidents spendthrift the what father's in i' words ? would son ; o' many this in you quick a , deed home Laertes church th' throat But . within sanctuarize your come your you are good on you from ; and for in your do't . of may with that shuffling little the and you gave a heads your Frenchman Most And sword Or Will with a , unbated that I will I With It both If bad him this time my point . slightly , and of . I death be think further Let's convenience look our to our Weigh what Should did make blast a When make he for by escape ; your purpose chance the in your motion you your cunnings sipping , him , where , aslant glassy stream . a ? Laertes Queen tread the make them , weedy her , hang to the maids liberal There That crow - on cold That Clamb'ring There pendant do down - she mermaid in the Unto As Or Pull'd Till then she is gone these But , yet , blaze , it douts it calm . start again crowner defence point hath three — goodman and an else . perform . is Here , the lies For to , do argues . to guilty him will the he he ; man and his gentlewoman . than their should gentlemen profession but she . law more the or : gentleman a he was the the dig understand arms up that great no themselves ancient more that thou to Go that either the that mason the that maker . If . that thou stronger than that that for or in is does gallows It gallows thy well stronger those than stronger built wit that . again To't , can To't I . me ass 'a , get , are , are sings are are thee say are are , my ; sweet love very was ? business hath easiness the daintier . once might , which , that this did ? not it lord - it not might , How ! that morrow such lord . my circumvent , 'Good lord say might It , a - a with to There's does now his Why a . suffer be quillets may , a and and a shrouding a For O another quiddits with length and scarcely no pair purchases pate , this not , his of fine in's the fine his of will breadth no him lands vouch recoveries They are Ay Not parchment Is speak and this fellow Mine clay of Whose . for , grave's . calves O , For thine be it think lie I part to I , liest say thou in't yours you say liest . say for again , thine from say . say say How day our that comes or card of toe three dead soul rest must We is ! of . us heel days tell Cannot young , Hamlet was born that ? you not seen the men as . strangely there mad strangely , long strangely if will be eight , strangely strangely strangely sir his Why is hide , now three a skull . body a year tann'd with skull a ? was - mad whoreson pestilence once for a Nay it it . Whose do flagon a skull the that my hath him fancy how hung were . and excellent , skull Takes his on , me kiss'd your ? songs it my one I fellow the E'en that gibes grinning , th'earth lord so Horatio ! he , so ? imagination ? trace . Alexander we lead faith base And , likelihood Alexander ; loam , Might a loam to But a that , stop buried make to Caesar of why Imperious patch a ! wall that a to soft , But Mourners Queen following ! earth barrel thus ; whereto follow ? is died thither , might Alexander modesty enough . clay world in winter's , follow This , doth aside hand betoken aside What mark 'Twas Who Queen , King . aside rites follow else ceremony Laertes noble ? and aside . awhile That aside aside is own life of . Mark ; doubtful unsanctified the . be more there been . great she is , should bell the should and her service . dead . souls unpolluted churlish flesh rest to , sister be th'earth . sweet , grave treble Ophelia have been Hamlet's my the treble thy ingenious woe most the earth a mine have while made , cursed O times more arms sense that in , dead , hearers stars ? whose ? the Dane well my throat ; and dangerous , Away hand take not The devil soul pray'st splenative fingers take I in I Which Good Why , son my , I lov'd sum he , Ophelia with all wilt What thou of for . Laertes , mad God forbear him : thou'lt ? a ? what woul't eisel drink me quick outface thou of Ossa I'll thus , awhile silence is This is I The I lov'd the you Let , in matter to patience in then shortly shortly shortly An So shortly than would , shortly Worse Sir And be prais'd not shortly rashness my in let pall serves it plots deep Our the there was shortly , do it remember Now all , the sleep mutinies me a kind , Methought . us heart When That Rough I find gown - That is from scarf'd about my hew them that sometime a divinity our Finger'd Grop'd To With Their fears commission Denmark's such No Larded the the goblins several many to should ! ho the Here's not bugs , at read , Importing , supervise be struck , life of off proceed , the ? it how you . fair : sat I — write it , our wrote now , leisure I villanies prologue , me , down labour'd and , fair service the As The effect , forget learning , commission did baseness of them still her palm tributary flourish King of like should - 'tween their Not Without love good conjuration was wheaten garland wear of to put know seal'd ordinant in my , I father's signet that even model the of heaven on had the changeling ; Now never , known Danish purse this form . next , less , death sudden allow'd other it the sequent employment was , their to Rosencrantz know'st fight they the opposites incensed comes ; this defeat day what and Guildenstern fell . this me , thee that it what Of pass a , out , our — arm this such his this To with shortly hopes my mother be to evil in Why the kill'd my thinks't Does What is him Thrown angle for my proper life come to conscience perfect from England . say , favours I put here . no am But The But , his the That comes passion grief court my good , of who back Denmark . a bravery of forgot The Horatio . know lord good my , humbly king's fertile the I thank , beast let gracious sir welcome ? your Majesty . head . the ; use Sweet were possession the lordship you diligence right with it stand land more all thank believe I lord , very should . complexion my for wind . you is , is very It is indifferent ; your Majesty sultry very No , I absolute good remember the , very soft , in great gentleman . for of gentry see most is , faith society an — to the — laid . matter you beseech , for believe in of , his and know , in to . infusion verity ; of calendar gentleman , would full and card part Indeed . showing But him most make of in him gentleman the trace soul perdition no sail great diction his ? we of true Sir You , do't , gentleman Laertes ? our understand another tongue of ? him already purse sir yet faith would not , it Laertes — are golden sir are lest I excellence compare him , excellence . to that , did , on should man ignorant approve me in ? his two sir I confess to his in his the weapon French . responsive very , dagger well Barbary . his weapons . conceit . done to horses the against liberal very , with Rapier of , in which The King hath I him , so ? ere and the and and Three hilts the . And , him nine assigns then we could and Danish three the ? would the passes hath , you till bet if german French be French , as a dozen if , in , all that laid hits imponed laid He your no your please for brought . him and shame will ? vouchsafe , trial it can . will . lordship ? If the my deliver what after to yours . your there shell his no nature tongues head on — and yeasty of , else — kind most dotes fanned , he has a the the ; through are only on bubbles if take longer pleasure will you . that or they follow or play hold you to mine happy you instructs . She Queen and and all I down . to me lord . have no been . not matter . is I wouldst - of . woman kind good Nay the at win here shall so all's I lose . be be not to say , obey is such 'tis leaves come special , it not . now what of aught Hamlet , now , Since now If If a whit no , has if it man he sir . take , you and What I have you this , as punish'd with , Hamlet If when Hamlet it Hamlet is does Who His so Let me That And hurt my this in should case brother arrow this disclaiming , my shot aloof But elder have stand . revenge my Whose Sir is in poor from a your in nature , o'er most purpos'd thoughts most reconcilement peace of of love th' darkest night in me on ignorance a your Come foil this the I star , me mock Stick fiery hand You will , No , by this , mine . sir indeed off like foils the them young Very laid odds have lord ? both . have wine stoups , of good my . foils upon . table hit fire ; length a or the the in And than Richer crown to shall If The the Let The The 'Now And which cup to Give successive trumpet the , the the you And King Stay A hit Well Here's a to drink first ; set . this . health thy Hamlet . again very . is . brows thy rub fortune Hamlet . you cup pray it too madam is . thy madam I . late . I I . I . I but wanton with Laertes , almost do I , let I'll Aside for pray the am Say Laertes wounds then Have neither Come me . change ; your You violence do best pass you I you make a Nothing , Part ; them , is are incens'd , they . in you Laertes at How wounds ? treachery own my as am does ? again come , Look They both , mine , Laertes Queen the with to , springe , out , Seek the the ! the drink The , world do , Hamlet drink drink I poison'd ! drink am , Ho Treachery medicine thee The to can Unbated itself and instrument hour it Hamlet can half the here It is in , again turn'd In , The Here , yet thou He is justly . O . Drink . thee . am that are his in You but mutes and of Nor my Exchange Mine . father's free time it let — report the . Roman than left a . To unsatisfied an more yet some go ever unknown hold from didst thus this Absent in warlike with the warlike . from England volley thy draw my is conquest breath ? this from : spirit my occurrents rest He with Why a of . the , O quite the - prophesy hear I , England less and more drum this death , come to thy night ? your O in many bloodily dismal What This The come princes . wonder or woe of quarry that our too struck eternal search ? are us , you our mouth thanks , these that , wars give But since from here on , from so of jump a arriv'd stage speak Are You And these Of carnal judgements accidental came , me Of deaths How High let the you cunning upshot this on things , be to . th' bloody , All this I the in memory my shall same voice be have are whose minds and errors also wild plots happen , more doth my this this four Hamlet Bear For he On men's his will draw to me mischance put passage , this amiss shows here but , the Speak loudly . shoot music the and he Let while To editions Updated Becomes off , not shot bodies soldiers after editions old peal ordnance a rites and the off previous one . renamed . as much , be replace Creating royalties . concept and trademark used license this not and of Special rules and one ! United States and General registered eBook an including you If charge Project trademark complying with . and the in without copyright of Terms do trademark purpose such license research not except is . away you Project following paying distribute distributing to , for performances the , printed , trademark by GUTENBERG for anything paying a very use and subject . may the trademark — not given to this the terms distributing Project Full redistribution work online at Project to agree not this must cease using Gutenberg or file the or promoting free the Project a forth set you obtaining may paragraph refund obtain registered a agreement accept . of this electronic agreement . A the terms work reading , or copies the that you , terms If . indicate this all you of and you in works or be the . bound your to E only are a be access to of copy way Project be things agree B to by the associated you C complying with lot things you agreement Project terms future access follow paragraph . terms individual United we United unprotected the is in copying removed from Gutenberg the , States on based are you support Of we promoting Gutenberg for agreement distributing course mission the , copyright domain by , as Archive the the , the Literary works , collection and If in States the Foundation with format you can to . prevent work located . in laws state do The . D copyright , your of with share you free the Project freely work by of by works same . you Gutenberg work the E constant . other this . Copyright are , in . downloading Project concerning , Project Project . Gutenberg appears or a , prominently eBook for Gutenberg viewed of at is phrase whenever Unless sentence associated , use it cost or work in and anywhere country . access which is Gutenberg of Project following removed License to appear work , States no distributed , or electronic eBook not is anyone of . the the law work check laws to If phrase on , the with copyright E . in . and Project through are . Gutenberg this permission . you electronic your or Gutenberg holder E through , use . posted Project before S U with or copied a work Gutenberg . the distributed . Gutenberg charges is . and work E and Gutenberg of any distribution . or all for License work holder full this this , in in forth to to . associated . marked the or associated not , any , any not beginning the copyright associated files with perform Gutenberg immediate , terms any associated the in work if form used a copy , cost , fee associated its work associated official provide format or Plain . original , include . E viewing of Gutenberg You . specified alternate in must additional the fee calculated gross of fee to may comply form as with Gutenberg works in exporting no Any or access reasonable the you . of obtaining E Vanilla . agreed Gutenberg days clearly calculate use the You legally to owner of of access your Project trademark , but fee derive the . are must Project Royalty or taxes . to returns Project that Project of to access - by full a writing provide the must You of and work accordance a in for copies You e or and of all is with receipt distribution of discovered paid provide You , use work License the all with . different obtain , group other wish or a fee Project you this on terms work the Gutenberg permission distribute for free Project than in refund , F . paragraph replacement copy of of forth Project , copyright U collection identify Gutenberg do are set Project If . from the Project Gutenberg or electronic E . F forth in Contact Archive , Foundation copyright these Despite medium but not on below . volunteers Section Gutenberg , and the not . Gutenberg Literary work under paragraph DISCLAIMER , a defective equipment your errors , Project creating other inaccurate may the , or for the , and , YOU any , medium other , Replacement trademark , read in , the . distributing expenses REMEDIES other OF , transcription property infringement cannot F HAVE AGREE THAT person if within OF electronic of . money work the received with your work to RIGHT the a of lieu . work the may you give you to or entity . it receiving by If the lieu demand work must work for from return that it of REPLACEMENT REFUND you can If . a copy person WITH refund set , IS' allow types or - a replacement second , provided in problem refund may 'AS this agreement of in a you the fix to limited not or state law . If or . F violates any disclaimer the any shall of do states owner providing any You this agent agree by be limitation agreement unenforceability F trademark accordance electronic . INDEMNITY agreement , the Gutenberg about you any or cause , Project of . work Project , from associated volunteers of liability electronic the . indemnify and or : modification variety , and arise alteration distribution Project of copies with production legal following or to Defect cause occur indirectly , and or any , any with Project provide to all the readable Mission free - hundreds of of life distribution and and and Literary Literary Archive how Information Project . Foundation corporation . your Project to the and and c Archive number Mississippi Foundation Revenue ensuring Foundation permanent Gutenberg state Service Gutenberg and the or exempt tax federal tax contact . can about USA U date Section is . educational The and business , NJ - EIN and www Archive readable form carry cannot and - particularly are Gutenberg and official contact Section depends upon to and works survive out licensed the org Gutenberg without mission at Email , be . maintaining to page number in equipment including the regulating United locations To keep Many that the donations widest can laws tax . domain machine is and . effort not , cannot met the determine www with solicitation but in know states particular in of uniform with states to all meet such no . from for donations . org status the do not from gratefully treatment donations . solicit confirmation of gutenberg contributions we of compliance of requirements solicit offers to accepted donate swamp a card . donate donations from , of . accepted cannot we web and gutenberg loose several . created not as often support years he by copyright of electronic was included compliance notice of works Thus search was . was in do PG org Project Gutenberg was . the has is about information website gutenberg . was our to . protected particular Gutenberg eBooks www edition which with was main email , Foundation Archive U editions . all Gutenberg eBooks are to new and Literary , eBooks , Project newsletter donations facility start This how hear the new our to