Stand there Who's Stand , Stand You struck twelve Stand Get . 'Tis bed Francisco . your Stand , cold Stand . Stand heart thee to bitter at am much carefully upon sick mouse a . is ! hear Friends this Stand watch my to Horatio , stirring Not do . farewell Give , Holla you , Barnardo , has Say , piece . has , Therefore I dreaded to watch the . night . against , our eyes speak not , our . and again approve let That What two us are And us Well we so , 'twill tush assail have of that part pole myself — Peace break , burns course hear , same it Where yond his star same it off like the and it . Horatio , and , to fear wonder it night time warlike . of I heaven By ? which with that 'Tis gone speak buried . thee this of It See the that fair charge pale ! something this ! You on't true eyes ! the Before ! my think What God sensible might not ! like not thou very the : than and tremble ! When art the ? King parle ice . strange He this and But This martial before stalk in the that watch opinion state my eruption to work hath gone , With Thus scope , the subject of war cannon , day haste . land and Why So What night be make At Thereto Whose you this Fortinbras of our side combat even , prick'd ; which Fortinbras so emulate valiant our pride Hamlet him , heraldry by and , of to appear'd by a who a all those his competent the return'd , conqueror had design'd hot , by same , young there , Now the the inheritance of skirts to And Had carriage in For hath So by motive diet up and to And terms . And watch and main lost compulsatory well a of of Hath ; to a Shark'd list Norway , lawless some no , by , of the father his Is source Of this may post of That was and of tenantless fell , dead . wars mind's sheeted star , stands moist Roman ; of state the streets these eye ere it mote the little high and palmy the to is trouble with in fire of fierce and sick Was Have even And And any to me or . Stay countrymen coming the eclipse sun the ; almost As our sound do any Speak , Speak art to me and good behold , soft the harbingers preceding omen and blast ease thing to , it If happily O death , done though thee say Speak which Or If be if Extorted treasure they here here 'Tis stand with it Stop it , Marcellus . guilty a , summons . The Upon then about speak , of being gone 'Tis wrong it , the offer it And It For a fearful to was cock , it our And Whether Some say on his faded And , singeth ever object and This they bird , hallow'd takes fairy The Wherein , and do hath then nights then the o'er This , Unto spirit consent shall acquaint upon by So So But us watch dew heard have Let's bear The do't discretion That Yet our discretion discretion discretion follows auspicious , as jointress sometime with far discretion Th'imperial With With discretion Now Our discretion us of lands advantage the fail'd this to surrender with father his hath not Now Importing valiant and : for Thus our for to thinking Holding Lost He our by dream and . we suppress : of those Who His Giving of good business with To In , and the King , subject you we and proportions are than commend to here dispatch , the allow more further articles , let dilated your these ; Farewell Laertes , some my more offer to to native to Laertes , to came to my favour though leave now Yet The head That thoughts and wishes confess I bow your ? leave I in again your return duty must them Denmark My , his hath Aside so Not my lord , I am hang less and lives in father all common thy Do Seek know'st through the vailed thy nature , common . must lids off i' on kin than thy more , still thy clouds nighted friend to it thy it , with madam If my thy of cloak solemn , Nay customary Nor , Nor not ! thy suits , is thy particular ; I mother , play be , the , so is seems windy the can 'Tis But give must these lost But and father obligation commendable and These lost In To It Of A shows must unfortified vulgar opposition peevish , heaven is to unmanly a some persevere , to a , a and most died today , a , will obsequious sorrow . course grief is thing fault , world think We for This unprevailing the , 'tis , as cried earth common be most heart against reason of must As death Why , pray you fault ? Fie , to intent , Wittenberg nobility immediate ; father that I we beseech with not , the are Do Here shall This smiling as Be the No all Why . speaking the health jocund Sits 'tis I my heart that the accord unforc'd to And , Or the King's in Denmark ; Hamlet come a a loving . in heaven to His How 'gainst that grows ! me , the and Thaw But too too thunder fix'd and it ! uses that stale weary Possess resolve O to of this this unweeded was loving ; a satyr As increase ; nay not roughly her Visit Hyperion That not But on't all to Seem merely ; to might too Why , 'tis to winds she poor discourse those of not king face he So it two That I on ere more no mine my , tears old woman , mother and had appetite on body , wants shoes is month hang ! him post eyes month uncle — reason of a but of in to it my father , incestuous , It not my Had Ere the for ! to her I . most Within Hercules longer beast . Why she even unrighteous nor heart But With I , am forget to or myself to such dexterity your cannot sheets good see Hail tongue your . ever servant same , your your what you good — your sir Good Wittenberg from I'll your But to my . so ; Wittenberg violence your ? lord from make you you ear own lord , say enemy no good your affair Elsinore that my truster you of depart . report student - father's deep your not my , Horatio follow'd Horatio My Where I see my lord dearest the fellow funeral , hard marriage think prithee , coldly Did it was to The my furnish thrift Indeed , Thrift that seen had father my . yesternight king was for once In my mind's eye I your Season father I witness , the This King your father a . to of my With Upon these hear let gentlemen attent , had God's and together these on cap watch , father pie thrice : night , while may me For Two Stand their walk'd - like with solemn , your - surprised . in watch This did night deliver'd they with Where apparition thing , of The had the length ; whilst him , your . made like father and time the ; was speak the These upon each comes was the hands was are But this was My was platform where lord up then the And And was our crew it as none , did shrunk very lord in . cock head it lifted It , it haste and troubles ; in away loud , 'tis our . BARNARDO you ? Arm'd toe lord Both ? my We Indeed Hold Arm'd yes , Then top my , head . From to to foot A countenance in he ? face his not . you O lord look'd Pale you . pale . or sorrow ? there would would I And one with Very While like , haste amaz'd been upon eyes his much very . saw't no hundred . tell Stay'd walk in , seen silver'd , life was it ? gape it father's person . will hell pray sight it you but no tongue , itself I , your be it requite the I'll to not . conceal'd hitherto , in , still father's Upon loves My Though sit the : arms is night deeds to all foul ! your and . So loves your Our as : them necessaries My the , me o'erwhelm is let give . that assistant , convoy The , primy permanent not A Hold For Forward , more but so mind as does bulk and wide a of , minute perfume His service ; will is you loves and must not persons himself weigh'd but the he may virtue Think it no now depends , alone temple you , birth his unvalu'd for if so . choice state loves it and act far Whereof Unto health subject will soil . withal ; body voice his wisdom voice and but own on he says believe place . goes of what unmaster'd To your weigh saying Then circumscrib'd he withal . importunity your you loss main his he must choice no sustain songs dear your the in it Fear is Than too Then May head which honour , credent deed ; Denmark desire enough prodigal beauty spring to oft she The the her galls canker of Ophelia heart it affection of strokes 'scapes unmask with , shot maid of . the be buttons the before , itself wary danger , best as some . none to not are heart recks Himself Whilst the shall to Contagious morn The their ; my too , the like then safety watchman Do me O And double Occasion smiles ? Laertes The I Yet you wind stay'd . in thou . unproportion'd thoughts thy , your my no with double not . There familiar them thy hast thought means tried , steel no second a There upon new not soul with There sail thy Give for Aboard shoulder , in but the of There aboard , blessing tongue . of There : entertainment Beware There voice thy being ; vulgar There , gaudy rank the , reserve . not purse but thy buy that few but hatch'd unto ; apparel a Neither loan Are And the of loses thine both This And in France as . beware man every not they borrowing of borrower nor oft habit censure , proclaims best in and station ; and a But all then a man . be self itself generous ; man . tend servants your , go night and lender to , I : it blessing my time humbly season false the : follow not canst you Thou Most Farewell What you you lock'd leave , my well Hamlet ? of , to , time your be You What is't , of that As it lord his , late my between affection not my a girl ? and your honour truth tenders green circumstance as Do to you ; put so me daughter — hath Pooh ! You speak perilous , I think ; baby call like to made them ? dearly pay me of many . fool the yourself . tenders Running My , Or Ay , catch holy , vows ; honourable call vows daughter the , to , love lord , Ophelia ; time , young For you pious , brokers : time , unholy tether in believe to beguile sanctified , you words to Look The like mere a In This terms talk any , charge I to't not in implorators of and is for investments for . may walk , forth my shall or I I would obey an lord . cold , not heard I Wherein the spirit Indeed The it What think bites ; a No hour . and of draughts and trumpet swaggering , rouse down , near reels ; the out ? am it thus . Rhenish native here observance swinish revel tax'd , and drunkards and This The our That in for So their some oft and marrow ; headed addition - honour'd More breaking Oft By nature the pales much some that ; the not . attribute perform'd traduc'd us Makes They birth As I Being form of their by — too in , men ; o'erleavens these as grace defect evil of take The fault infinite livery manners habit Nature's else As virtues His say some Or Carrying , Shall the Be Be Thou That Doth Look Bring I speak father , That To With Making cast Hath Revisit'st So horridly to and our souls ? of the beyond the , royal bones ; hearsed . Dane their we his disposition moon complete , impartment go To . you of ? do we , should did we fools desire it . action courteous a not , do No speak Being Why it forth set Do . my , not be at it do pin's the into I'll toward base other sovereignty Think of madness cliff to ? it , the fear a follow ; flood the toys fathoms beneath . form ? o'er Or might his some the a dreadful . again so hears still you And very more it . go your hands follow off Be shall thee . lion's petty makes rul'd you fate As I as And waves me body gentlemen , go in artery cries am Nemean me He Still My each shall out thee I'll Unhand ghost imagination in what the come will this rotten ? him . follow not To Heaven , Whither When My I Mark Must to render ? let's follow Pity to art revenge am thou I what To I when . bound So Doom'd for the two Thy Make Would knotted like stars from their . thy - house , of nature forbid , fast unfold list ! unfold part on stand be unfold list , O unfold , unfold unfold murder unnatural ! in , strange I the my to thee than ; apt be on Lethe ease Now . sleeping so the in , ear this in in stung me out abus'd ; a that Is The serpent my O incestuous — won seeming , with , gifts that soul ! wears Now Rankly Hamlet my most of , O To But let Brief Upon be me And methinks the afternoon my , of bed celestial within Sleeping always scent of itself prey of porches hour of the stole of orchard , did , of body doth it of it droppings posset of , my : brother's about , crust . body by a hand once sin of unanel'd my account ; contrive to bosom well fire me . thee be . fie ! O ? stiffly poor sinews grow distracted ghost . thee holds thee old past , memory all ; records fond of Remember memory not ! globe trivial all forms commandment and thy And That of , all , bear me my while , smile and sure one So At am , remember and set smiling damned I it Meet , there , and , may , so in Denmark villain a lord come . ho How . ho , Hillo it ! lord ? tell bird , Come lord , you'll my my then , by . heart of lord ? all lord . dwelling arrant . HORATIO , Ay by secret man I , No you a and you'll But But MARCELLUS an : grave , poor desire all right the circumstance shake — pray whirling and you my go and shall at part the from , come i' hands my . lord There's my heartily you wild ; and desire and hath Look Such as are but words I'll , Yes no offence they offend , desire may , one my , is't Give are me My Nay swear't . not MARCELLUS we and you . will , good We . have lord seen will What Never HORATIO , what . tonight faith , sword . fellow swear , Ha et ? Come ubique speak your lay speak to And hither , we'll Beneath Swear of old and And night ! more heaven as pioner ! Canst but this in never perchance before antic so soe'er , are are worthy , remove work Once is i' stranger a dreamt or odd hereafter shall help . earth things of I we 'Well Or 'If That How Here Than as As times , some ; or 'There could to , never head this or ambiguous of at mercy me : most , be 'We or out — your . as love And , And willing t'express not fingers all , do That The time ever is your shall Rest poor I . a and I it cursed . So you , spite pray together , in together set . my , inquiry Reynaldo , to behaviour are in ; of question , finding they nearer , Reynaldo this , friends him , it touch and , 'twere encompassment company By do and What And Marry demands demands demands 'And in , and demands so ; him ; demands such dishonour , As demands Ay gaming that drabbing drinking . season it go , my in the . breathe the taints quaintly blood fiery faults ; so , I , warrant of i' my do Of and savageness A 'twere breathe closes youth The sir to so , ' According 'Good You And of As of of or with in you At of He I of in then the mass of He or then And does was At saw consequence 'gentleman to this , Where . something know such there at out him brothel a thus Videlicet Your bait indirections and he falling enter such takes You by windlasses do we former my Or then Shall you Observe his my lord music , ply , him let , the . lord what's have been Farewell my , inclination his . matter Ophelia , what my , lord I name of my God so affrighted . unbrac'd all his foul'd knocking out so knees in hell it fear do I before other , his o'er . me , so piteous , That thus head a rais'd sigh his seem head his his mine go lets shoulder without help their eyes on turn'd bulk , King profound down arm his and me all shatter his went done bended is with very fordoes love . way over to , me , he with seem'd o' For And he last find go And , Come That What have does As violent passion natures to . as you denied but his access repel lord ; I No given him words — itself any hard of heaven undertakings under as oft afflict you our my him did trifle jealousy age . utter close younger our in for common beyond wreck him that am I as to Come being we , hate to as might as , provoke hasty as to is it cast it . the you Guildenstern hide , as go the and need much Since it Moreover as we we th'exterior the death , What nor was transformation . use him and youth of from entreat up humour , court did it with him that th'understanding . him little you That To rest to That nor than to Resembles being vouchsafe your young dream since cannot to , Whether That To he I Good to expend us , as time to to to to the show Your . am he lies afflicts our much two adheres so of our . supply For and shall king's your Put As Both you remembrance such hope ourselves . be freely full . thanks have sovereign the profit . us . receive Might fits power your more entreaty to at in , majesties We up our . Rosencrantz visit of , presence and changed gentlemen our And Thanks Rosencrantz gentle to , beseech Guildenstern service is . where gentle I Thanks , helpful amen Pleasant these son too My my good of , good , Thou Are hast , hold I I to do Hunts Have not my my news my hold you gracious soul . brain found sure King Assure lord joyfully , return'd . good as ? and trail us'd my And Both As speak do me to head very be admittance that of of or — the else this so feast hear . fruit hath distemper death I The tells them and but our His , no fruit my fruit my Welcome doubt and them . fruit ! shall we , is Well fruit it Upon Most He sweet fruit friends desires appear'd sent brother , look'd better father's the him suppress , Say fair our be But he levies His , To against in he Norway old give ; annual the in vow before arms crowns , to thousand Whereon Receives Fortinbras That To preparation obeys , more those , soldiers fee shown his in , joy Majesty uncle of Makes him With your levied That Gives as an three Norway , Polack : against herein and safety you , we'll ; consider'd your feast took read please dominions regards therein well time well home , night think we'll business quiet pass , allowance this of are : this - welcome madam ended expostulate . time is and day soul outward and is , to and wit , mad madness mad but it brevity and My What is day should Why will I Madam for day liege Were And tediousness Therefore that ; matter with nothing to , time is night time waste to , What That pity mad the . I let we rather this true A I then cause by whilst is . art now . will : use I , less true swear More , us To Hath find cause and . my obedience , phrase a this effect out grant 'tis , have That her ; the and mark mine effect this for ill in That's an Came the , celestial and that awhile Hamlet fire are I a soul's idol hear most shall to will , Good , most ill at I that dear be . to him , have , best never stars move best this daughter ear receiv'd how And out given means ; love . solicitings machine , to , she All obedience lady thee love am dear my by hath evermore This As in , whilst is above more fell As I When fain Before do faithful hot I told seen what might , you the , think you or desk dumb book queen As Majesty a No winking , that star : work , round did lock should be is young think upon heart play'd , tell me it daughter my Hamlet love , mute to resort sight idle with perceiv'd I Or might 'Lord must This Admit look'd — make advice his short into a to . of then And prince mistress given Or And That he Thence to a a repulsed she no Which And , done Thence messengers took she receive from tokens , ''Tis this he , fain such I a lightness we , otherwise Not time that know I be you there Hath may When lead hid , prov'd this this the though me ? so likely that . otherwise , positively have If truth That be find were hid it try know is may You you and behind him then arras an does in Here Where , Within Let Mark At a the thereon not , my daughter her reason his it , farm where a for to . me . leave How board look try reading give ? away , beseech good Lord both wretch - my me Then - fishmonger I Not lord man be to , to , sir Do would I you know . honest so goes , a being good a carrion breed if in ? you dead . is one picked you were , blessing . but . a look my ten world thousand of — daughter maggots lord my Conception Friend was . harping fishmonger much my not ; he , lord , kissing on do you extremity . Yet I have daughter i' he ; her that may sun . Aside th' to't gone love , who Between matter that my lack . words my . most I their here my , have grey men thick a you . as which , old it wrinkled ; a , be hold All and faces the is the What satirical mean Slanders , gum their are that ; beards potently . go the lord his sometimes on pregnant backward which is , backward and leave meeting . hits . him . backward humbly will delivered air my backward to have like — crab my there I this Will backward o' of me except my take I . of that backward madness air be madness , of life Into that be lord him part my leave How ? most . my daughter you more will I , old there the seek sir lord to You except Fare he is sir . My . My lord ; Guildenstern , most lord ! dear . do ! dost lads the honoured . both the ? button happy ? ye are the Nor the of the in of shoe or , lord that are you about cap not - her a privates news ? her . middle we ? that most O Then live soles , the Faith But . Neither waist your news sends she you Prison is . lord the ? hands more . at me question strumpet honest have good . Then None doomsday you Then my prison to ? worst . myself for . good your , one it infinite I in a too and ambition makes are , indeed thinking makes , To me nothing prison mind or narrow the . is either it there not to Why you so 'tis of a but dream . substance for ambition Then Truly court GUILDENSTERN th' , A I ambitious dreams Which airy but and hold I , the such , reason upon lord even that are beggars we ROSENCRANTZ poor thanks my . to sort I the occasion I . Come with you . you ? Elsinore at free , But of , my beaten you . will not in am dear ? with I in own To in am the colour to But to me Is your justly confession I what , of . should dear , it are Is a halfpenny it come purpose inclining ? there for sent have Queen by . what my good the your is your were ? craft have of were whether , you , be or . eye , What me a King better ? lord My I . have Guildenstern and ; my sent your feather no were tell your exercises , and secrecy to the King not this of and the excellent goodly the roof majestical but then I Nay off of you . for . forgone this all , have I mirth heavily me you fire pestilent admirable , yet how moving form ? delights , a express And apprehension work of in by to no god what is , action : to seem Man , faculties the there , world My delights my , and man noble like is seems to , golden how air this me , not , in say so reason , how thoughts nor I you if , lord What no not smiling , in not man — welcome be shall from such stuff . have the in end foil his service his on neither woman the what ? them the halt peace tribute lover sere o' lungs whose shall you . or take What mind are and ; of the ; shall , entertainment and verse you coming to offer , travel wont reputation the in . to sigh knight her for't adventurous use his target in better was such blank shall lady Even the same they inhibition Do comes How indeed wonted there , cry ? both Are . are they Do , that call are on of . that fashion is city , question ? wearing and thither ? say them — players common 'em ? they if , like they , the are ? How ? than longer no children are most afterwards pursue common goose quills in it , them quality keeps but them scarce Will money the to player the unless make means themselves no the should much to sin themselves tarre of themselves they themselves no better — own ; for went about themselves ? away the Do O themselves bid Is't it possible . in nation . King of and Hercules lord my , hundred they do my while this . twenty too , those philosophy if not make there are than his lived , little Denmark forty 'Sblood natural , The come , hands tell I ceremony which and like . it something at There in give uncle is me entertainment . mother Your the appear my my lest outward welcome are north - should more - hawk west . handsaw You are my fairly Well you too ear a hearer . clouts deceived are comply you . must is - aunt and lord . the to comes will Happily , is an . out wind for to , have I , lord My there see come second baby you he tell for indeed . You morning child you When to , news buzz , Upon , actor comedy historical poem . was Rome my , came the - Then - nor are on my Buzz come lord . are actors The ass , either pastoral - in comical - The fair daughter — Seneca and pastoral liberty , had 'One writ unlimited The loved i' you my Aside me call treasure Why , lord ? Jephthah old th' lord well not love that passing which and , Still . I follows , daughter Nay The It lot , the God I daughter . and to came first are of . good , As pious Why you like Denmark in friend pass by , wot well , to Come chopine is Masters quality have the welcome as comes am . look valanc'd to since when voice fly a to't be welcome , thee last welcome , altitude face heaven your a ? speech give , you or , lord , as of anything is within e'en . Com'st lady We'll a are piece and you see a for matters the I well judgements to not heard by speak gold . me Come speech But digested the caviare general cried top . Dido Priam's speaks . savoury in but much especially by very , one it an no set the I received lines indite as to than called Aeneas' of is and author the . at The not his couched whose with resemble If thereabout black the it speech in it , complexion ominous the Pyrrhus did it line more matter where begin It he , of Now , in in Black memory That vile blood in their a fathers tyrannous with in a the purpose , in and , Roasted mothers now total dismal in daughters . carbuncles , the streets good . good finds in Priam , you . spoken proceed parching , foot to Head more with like in , His lies Greeks his to Striking God And thus o'ersized , short Repugnant my , lord Pyrrhus To to , falls strikes fell sword ; crash wide his and accent with where sword . head matter to th'air to a Which Of Seeming the Priam it a , and arm Ilium hideous i' painted a , to So And we the winds prisoner to father . stood against , heavens often as But feel this on neutral in Aroused a work , thunder stand , seem'd reverend as silence A , her power . proof , so , speechless as the Did nothing . storm orb dreadful the , some after see pause the still , of , is gods say Prithee — fiends the down round remorse than Fortune fellies to synod ; or . bawdry Hecuba . he sleeps . long , queen' hill as low too ? with the a for jig ; come of your beard on a tale to . mobled Where About her in with all did sword treason stood queen' good With bisson , state gods Who this the mincing instant eyes at — heaven that tongue up steep'd o'erteemed th'alarm saw burst of and the late , and for a robe — fear caught , of 'Gainst Fortune's In the no has he where turn'd thee the they for ; you And made burning — his and Do chronicles epitaph their of . colour brief a report better Use more I death used speak the more . have use , deserve 'scape bodikin him friends after own to according bounty . them Come . old friend , Can The play study speech a and Ay , merit you . need of of Gonzago . lord could not insert in't down set lord my a for my . could my mock leave . my him my not alone Now my God so and . slave not my Ay in in this player , I'll friends welcome my That Could from his forms broken his Hecuba ? to Tears But Is what force voice Hecuba What's O , a rogue monstrous his of . a a her wi' ye am here , am I suiting own or ? the drown the the That Had I And mad ? For cue and , do speech the Yet peak , I free tears cause with king defeat Upon dull of dreams say John can And a faculties ignorant , her he to passion ; indeed appal with What would , horrid not No . Plucks me - unpregnant my throat life , for pate it i' it region this - fatted oppression make Tweaks A ! But Ha I To bitter , bawdy kindless ! Who was - With should nose , and , made breaks blows gives the the off calls I me gall the all should lungs beard in my face ? cursing revenge vengeance lecherous heaven by whore - a my , upon't unpack a what , slave's have take it for this lack brave of son to scullion Fie ! have play , malefactions of I most speak drab with is and heart very at to cunning This players these have no their soul The spirit seen blench have . devil the him Play A And fall a my have Been guilty very it something most They Before mine to course pleasing I I'll For struck by , With of my potent . the than to As like the I'll . the and is I'll May be tent uncle organ miraculous he T'assume catch me thing . me drift no me such spirits , and , perhaps me ? days on with conscience have grounds me of this distracted dangerous me does But me can from quiet of lunacy no be means he turbulent you what But true madness keeps sounded aloof , will he and speak He Most well of his him to . disposition gentleman of reply Madam , it ? you . our . in there - with of We as ; joy of certain , the already before me beseech'd he , of it him seem hear o'er To so And did on This my Good all gentlemen heart him hear and on his With purpose it doth matter . much . edge content give ; my . these further For we Sweet And drive have as father Her That so gather If't Ophelia you part for And That thus may he good so wonted To : shall do hope his , shall way I the happy your again . wish no or love suffers wish — walk bestow an — ourselves . exercise to with are show Will Madam of such To We That too 'Tis Your you , I Is is Than How loneliness will Ophelia , that o'er devotion's this conscience art helps that with the my ! sugar himself too true plastering most burden Let's lord word . or coming , to arms of be and mind withdraw my . mortal ay — death off the , come , end natural consummation we to To in ? To what there's sleep . respect and whips of . us bear wrong of who That we , is ache ; That For Must The pangs insolence patient When himself merit the Who of his would and , bare in would give dispriz'd of love might bourn , death quietus of . coil this the There's proud scorns , life bear , fardels weary after make spurns law's unworthy something , those the puzzles of us not we will of rather know the grunt And And thus regard enterprises o'er the make us ! action we of bear country fair How I their their thank , remembrances yours deliver longed ; their lord have you of , them . I their their their honour'd As Take gifts you gave now . of them the And these with I No more wax There lord no admit ? discourse your and your to What be Ha lordship beauty , force a sometime than have fair your honesty ? with means what his it into but not have we lord my believed relish of it more was I thou the me you made wouldst Why ; with but a to better mother yet . me love as me them do crawling of things not you our inoculate . breeder me my could had . offences I none your lord shape , between Go play the my he believe O shut doors in's believe him own . that , upon believe At home plague for dowry escape needs believe not heavens Farewell us believe all believe , nunnery be believe Let as go , ice heard ; for , you wise O heavenly too another God's no creatures , You marriages . quickly if thee what monsters thou , snow as . farewell give shalt this enough and thou . marry , you you , but nunnery , all mad hath enough powers yourselves keep make , jig given your and your sword , the fair o'erthrown Those as are married To are ! tongue eye music of feature . seen and , vows ! tend see harsh I . way is O most ladies suck'd I And Like Blasted and unmatch'd His he not O'er which spake Love T'have ? Was , affections , see something in what form that do There's madness his doubt , which sits lack'd a on brood it hatch prevent England to with , shall , speed and brains himself yet Hamlet , tribute different expel , on't you puts beating still fashion something objects seas the With of What matter From Sprung The do But of I believe do grief commencement love us lord , after said Ophelia . go be must the in find not confine please so wisdom It best or If let Your To you it But And show Let his be all Of Madness To pray crier thus you I But - spoke use lines you mouth speech tongue the . beget and temperance periwig of - whirlwind , but I a to capable robustious are part rags very I , hear all say . as , the smoothness gently ; saw of all Nor as of the it passion it you offends a tear all it Termagant . groundlings do many all it give ears not must air the all fellow for torrent very , in me passion , all , acquire , split of fellow let but , purpose to the modesty end , the whose , pressure image action discretion be your o'erdoing It who shows with ; mirror very or your , this but players be there in cannot hold her own 'twere to playing as of up must overdone to the it age nature the Now accent man , so O . well they make , scorn not it and , that and at both the — strutted of not to nor make bellowed Christians men so play the spectators to then no that be will clowns of necessary some them And down to in be too That's the for on you them . laugh play pitiful . ready question For of your there barren of a now King the fool set that villainous it and quantity those indifferently , sir . in laugh , How presently and the the Queen hear help GUILDENSTERN hasten them your . just lord my conversation withal my dear my O As . a flatter thee from , lord I Why lord art as cop'd spirits good be e'en . advancement e'er , not no feed man thee seal'd Hath Hast A thanks Fortune's all distinguish . her hast , poor hope lick of was the thou rewards are those , choice suffers mingled been Dost knee pomp ? absurd For . follow the crook , may that with they herself for one There I is what is not Whose To my , have One Which As scene uncle , too my the near see'st comment of act one in comes . of thee my a not mine told a It And damned . I Even For after mine Do And we censure both eyes Vulcan's will will of our to his face ; him that my I is Observe As his Give . heedful seeming aught he And flourish Rosencrantz play chameleon's to are A play be . idle the play lord this Queen and cousin words : Polonius must play . the . cannot you : crammed with now To answer play ; nothing . th'university Polonius Hamlet , play ; feed Hamlet , place a play Enter . march I , play promise mine , lord Excellent faith , I enact a part him was did me kill did ; they . Capitol was and ? so ready to kill'd you I players . What enact a capital your my , good here's metal by sit attractive upon , Ay the Lady , O , To No . Come was mean my you that lord . my head ? lie ? I , my I , lap country nothing to think What thought That's Do my ? legs my , merry ? What hours ! be within's died but do . and man lord , are jig you cheerfully your how sables O then great build die hobby hobby - Queen and very show upon lovingly protestation forgot whose may ago months devil the must heavens Nay there's , Enter King hope ? long with , She his takes and The . off returns kisses him crown some , three the four carried comes Anon . Lays . or pours King poison is Mutes , the him embracing him He a a down . for he O suffer shall else ; or , and bank passionate , Poisoner again makes comes dead . away in and unwilling unto takes fellow and in , and play means it ; my ? mallecho this mallecho they him what this Be mallecho ashamed you mallecho counsel cannot show . all : you tell are to you'll mallecho shame Will show or You mallecho stooping to . mallecho tragedy your hearing your Is . the show to means not what for clemency not , that any this Full the brief and Phoebus' woman's my the or 'Tis wash moons have world Neptune's About thirty salt thirty And Since But I distrust you Discomfort , woe again us many far Make our Unite hearts dozen sacred count , and your I must extremity made is know , fear , sun ere are distrust , littlest doubts fear : so . to and , love love fair — one world , and shalt haply this functions leave as kind behind , shortly grows my siz'd is is great must thou Such love Aside And Faith second In needs , For let who that thrift kill none dead . move of husband . first , break me kisses I we violent birth but do what do base you my accurst be me second , they , what believe think marriage . sticks forget is that 'tis what ourselves Most Purpose , fruit unripe determine husband time Which destroy joy we the grief , ending To doth either grief grieves , on slender But now is the slave like unshaken but passion themselves or . else us mark favourite love to love doth advanc'd down you makes shall want a needs And even For love man hitherto , not joy most joys world our joy a loves aye our most accident change , strange . try a lack in great For poor Whether This That 'tis him where so I friend : our of are do still end seasons That ours devices to Directly ends contrary begun . run husband . from dead lord heaven hope destroy , strife . lasting it ever , should from wife of be ! scope joy . from it me from prison face me have in trust me give lock the turn cheer that hence pursue widow well from would Ophelia day would fain with from between . The Sweet deeply sworn grow , sleep from beguile here us mischance thy rock I , To . dull 'Tis spirits And never you lady protests she'll the jest no ? no word Is do you but they heard argument keep too but , like O the image wife o' : th' that Baptista what i' offence . her offence ? do jest poison What , call the in Tropically have Lucianus our free the is piece Duke's . that and majesty murder The shall see between a good chorus nephew and you are is one a Gonzago . in done , This would cost a you It could lord . you keen my . lord damnable . seeing and agreeing , lord weeds creature leave for bellow and croaking lord worse take off . to lord your , faces you and lord mistake black With mixture Come , else lord His . blasted no , Pox . time property dire Thy Hecate's hands , season drugs thrice natural wholesome usurp , You ? fire . name's Italian . choice very for's in estate the him . All play the fares Give Lights What The How false lights if roses with forest runs ; of feathers in a , hart light must , world . strucken , of two a ? dear of rest Provincial . reigns and , a sir fortunes himself realm one share So I , Didst pound . my , well Horatio good O well note the of the . Come king Upon I ! ha , Ah Come if my , the , a word some King history — you vouchsafe , lord whole . marvellous , with ? distempered ? choler the wisdom retirement drink ; No , lord wildly With my itself more rather in . signify purgation this him sir to Your The are you , tame mother welcome to most your good my this answer and wholesome great , Good and You you Sir I my , I cannot return breed end , diseased not , is business . shall the mother's your the of If . will do right of me make to your . wit's make Then thus no a or , Make Therefore or with heels in stonish your or to matter mother as . rather or answer shall but says son so this admiration into or , there go . is you closet us or ere ? no and amazement sequel or mother ! her mother's of wonderful at can that shall you lord liberty is were obey We Good How She our mother me ? Have you any stealers the . these bar himself proverb Denmark voice you would — you the but , sir that your own lord upon advancement you your ? griefs your , is . deny of ? the my my you cannot do O while me wind be one To see me of lord Believe Let is too ? into why do play Will , as if my unmannerly . it pipe this . my it the , stops most will . have I . harmony mouth these and music breath : your you any eloquent cannot to with , of the pluck me , seem would , compass these you ; you would now command there you But Look lord , and your . skill the the , instrument cannot Call speak much . stops me know of make note you me it make I to ; can My yonder speak you , is ? see you than Do By be the like a like backed would . me mass that's a . is it like like Or 'tis in weasel fool and by . to I will — say by a the come will and like a They my . will — now very witching and I easily bent by churchyards Now hell drink the bitter such said , this world time as Soft hot let now nature I breathes . firm . my to enter cruel soul this this . The me daggers tongue Would to When to soul of , seals words speak in somever her lose look do quake I will My Let give like forthwith along us , you not as commission , stands lunacies our England with . estate shall will Therefore us near so terms not range Out Hazard nor to And I To religious many and many his may let your Dies That keep To grow is bodies those Most holy That live single the We will your of depend cease highest it adjoin'd and To What's lives of many . weal life Majesty bound but armour peculiar and is consequence a sigh King the Fix'd Did Each The with but pray , with . too annexment we haste us GUILDENSTERN free and he's his home arras , was it meet the My audience nature you said wisely I'll lord hear as process going , that some . I'll she'll mother's to Behind the convey than you I know bed o'erhear well go smells , said tax and makes vantage of The And them And , hath I'll call my rank Pray upon't to lord as business this the sweet blood in enough than not to But stand both it wash Or forestalled pardon'd . rain serve Can thicker stronger guilt be inclination I . neglect Were Is itself shall to man To what's My be which and still , Forgive since did ambition , I and shove by itself prize may But wicked not Offence's crown those My May one effects is Of the In That And the what what when . What there this the retain th'offence justice so the . hand currents above ourselves we 'tis and no is the to in law the corrupted seen the evidence . to Make assay , the born then the forehead and , true give To , more Try engag'd Even wretched ; of it pat as limed O Bow Be so A his kills . That would to with is same , And well is All may new this father He I son this my took heaven And Now stubborn knees and heart - send , May , grossly stands circumstance heavy But his , With our take . flush , his audit is sword , drunk asleep of or am crimes hire , save father blown , in him and and my how . broad the And I of for him course or may kick in of his soul whereto Then As And th'incestuous is he And fit has , may but his swearing ; as thy Up he purging then ? horrid ; gaming Or When hell King thoughts advances below sickly mother heaven . at , act black , bed go thoughts , rises fly , that you Tell him heat , home to between here screen'd lay , Look been his with stood to too and . straight come will He that Within . him your thou Hamlet Withdraw , Mother father much matter . answer Go , hear him coming . the . tongue wicked idle a Hamlet now Why me tongue . husband's , the now an ? wife brother's with , What's No Nay the those you my your were , sit I part inmost , budge speak mother the set Queen Have matter so . you you , thou you You , And , go What Behind . are it I'll do ! Help till wilt Come . a How ho ! Draws rat Dead now , ho O is deed know rash bloody A , me what Nay Polonius I find'st took of To a As a deed a Almost a with his brother . so thou me ? a wag sense a shall I sit . tongue , a the , is it What sets let damned have blurs , glow makes vows , modesty , Heaven's blister fair the Calls hypocrite , Makes of and . solidity words oaths there virtue false As The With of rhapsody A grace blush the as As . contraction plucks deed rose love religion marriage ? the act , face , Ay loud , sick as and visage this Yea The was upon thunders . brow , himself command picture , seated two this on this , and seem set a a Have leave you feed ? a a station and : ear , of man . eyes age sure sure it's but blood call from could , A lighted what eyes and ? judgement love ? you form seal follows , mildew'd assurance did god brother fair on , Blasting it the this , apoplex'd Is , To serve sense you waits You Would step But such so not that , thrall'd quantity or , have , ne'er madness some , feeling smelling one where is sense ? blush matron's as wax , a Proclaim ! sans blind - of , in Eyes a shame mutine . in youth in itself actively will the gives doth in , eyes such into Hamlet And fire grained in to tinct and let in burn , virtue turn'st charge , shame my in their panders ardour own see Nay sweat , live but of corruption in in These In the I speak no more in Hamlet villain and more A Stew'd rank no the A O No that precedent cutpurse Over the enter sweet words a of the pocket stole in shelf of slave , and more No a . king A me and o'er hover wings — precious . me would your with patches , your he's . tardy not heavenly What shreds You . put . Save guards come in of ! Do your of time say whet amazement soul . by bodies and thy dread blunted figure gracious mad That Do and . chide to son command lets go O forget to but to you do wildly alarm , the weakest it How Alas do incorporal your with look thy do you . air how her Speak On And as stand flame . spirits hold vacancy , excrements gentle distemper in hairs and cool Sprinkle And the Your Start them stern Lest . conjoin'd Look not convert to blood do I this , how — tears perchance ? yet there action . for steals ecstasy cunning in away it he at pulse have makes as from And Would not not gambol as . but madness for re . music doth I That This is Ecstasy yours And My healthful but will Whilst Infects love the madness grace of test , word unction ulcerous speaks , heaven to weeds , soul doth sense you with away Hamlet a a The and to devil the almost And He to a live purer the other good to all mine not , put that abstinence . tonight , fair or easiness , eat of , bles'd same pleas'd For , or stamp nature more actions of , easy , lord good Once are , desirous of heaven hath with minister night : good So only worse remains this me this him . again scourge , must I The Thus , the your , bid you , pair damn'd reechy to bed mouse , answer and and him more tempt on let this Not But mad Let you I essentially your him who wanton paddling For Would a concernings of from Who and do a sober a hide on a am all neck Make in craft to despite the conclusions break And birds , and , good bat would out fingers ravel in his with not so gib , fair 'Twere ? queen sense , wise ? know secrecy the the basket Unpeg had 'Tis schoolfellows ? that , of to bear letters thou Be forgot I I must will But with For delve petard to 't enginer my sweep shall mines go sweet . hard ; their the it I , line , sir , Good night to , still was now life . the foolish an mother profound heaves . These , room . toward , understand ? a Where fit son while ! tonight Gertrude us on sighs your what your ? as is Mad . your sea . must translate this What my your , Which your the your Behind his His you yourself threats to been there ! all . to ; answer'd ? be whose providence everyone us restrain'd we us bloody deed , full us deed old good out , But short , to of with heavy disease was a Where it he gone fit was . haunt of laid how mad This Should have understand , love ? our most is hath , ore , is touch vile skill Ho further aid . you dragg'd slain hath hath with , come , him hence shall Gertrude ship Both we will sooner O what done friends mean to haply done know we'll speak both world's , body the in we wisest pray Polonius he this may our , O discord . to miss away and , come his dismay name . bring diameter , blank air the what so , call our up ! lord with , dead body . dust my may we you calls it 'tis not us And , they . thence a ? king to mine should it take . bear it what it own be counsel what — sponge can of sir . like , Take soaks that swallowed , I them authorities But , you have King the first dry be sponge , countenance King's you needs do the corner , speech us is body knavish not jaw best , must lord you he sleeps foolish he : mouthed us a . King A him . to thing nothing with I is have Yet sent seek and fox thing is lord their scourge is but th'offender's bear desperate , grown seem smooth reliev'd , and , eyes away him pause desperate sending at ? hath judgement To the put we not dangerous How him their appliance not Deliberate like must He's 'tis . multitude law man distracted Diseases By , in so This not . offence But the . are all Or What is body now get where , from . lord ? pleasure . lord in Bring Guildenstern , Ho , lord But , to he your my us . where's of diet convocation certain A we variable and is Your us is beggar to your but , end eat of of a progress through , guts not him the not there find as . there him . indeed , come must send safety grieve — Therefore done , thine till , stay this do the wind at bent help hence , quickness thou hast for deed tend With The ready , if loving mother is and wife for , knew'st ; for man Tempt have him make you seal'd with mother . Hamlet is and done tonight thee and free awe coldly thy raw mayst thou at England , sense give may thereof yet the death my his license , joys haps letters to Our present thou And my cure of conjuring I were begun , a of duty would in shall his our aught the march us rendezvous . the on my sir whose , Good They are Go sir . him . will lord ? you . addition , to no gain patch no ; name it Poland of part some Against The five be or in Polack it , profit some main old to To it Or That Nor ranker , Two Will This hath Why Yes A of and wealth and peace you cause , ducats it . without . sir garrison'd this twenty it is question much and shows thank no sir I humbly , straight my his And I'll with to he If That capability such beast ? time not his know part I but th'event craven whether it one some . us fust Looking sleep chief good after before that in , Of Bestial , precisely , too as to quarter'd — feed and with unus'd , godlike A more . not do hath on , large discourse be , this earth army cause do't by Examples and such mass and , coward or , yet And A Why I live gross thing's have a all Led , death eggshell mouths delicate and , is ambition invisible the spirit this of . with , that Makes divine , and . Exposing at and dare danger event puff'd prince , in mortal great to , straw shame fame and a cause the like while twenty , tomb ? for fantasy beds cannot not , The all of my , their to Excitements imminent And sleep have at father let But When Go graves or of my death of That hide My Whereon To Which tricks Spurns th' world , Indeed nothing would her Yet will . move nothing doubt beats , it aim their and unhappily . her thoughts be with her much may , nature is jealousy spilt great guilt To , Dangerous make - in artless as minds . love ? know of Denmark the Ophelia , now should another one pray , sweet From sandal lady Alas imports . this song ? snow . Ophelia ? dead , Nay sweet flowers ; lord go to all , White At his heels the Which bewept , daughter a pretty love not . with , mountain showers did grave upon Conceit ! How say know but you do this means All , say Valentine's your Valentine Then up And the and your let's . clothes , maid , that . an , on't . out a to't blame tumbled wed yonder . to been bed . sun , brother my shall cannot cold ; ladies must We good , watch counsel good ; this ; night her sweet hath thou done hadst come be . i' him thank , it weep will think And ladies , from father's son . is all of Follow night the in . to , they close give But are we as , the - death in their , they ; gone come own , Next , good his hugger Divided Her Feeds brother on Without For is necessity nothing wonder much pictures as from infect come in , to matter keeps himself his death , clouds , Gertrude in , person beggar'd ear , many , me murdering O of our father's all mere beasts . places of them Let is What my of Where and In of Alack are Save of Gives a to Like of O'erbears , a now , forgot as your my overpeering matter lord more rabble Laertes flats ocean the young world and ratifiers Eats The the not The cry They , O we shall hands How 'Laertes cheerfully this And , Antiquity 'Choose Caps applaud I — No Danes Sirs The , will you ? leave all will give , the . of , Cries I blood here Give that's . proclaims brands chaste the to between Of cuckold drop That Calmly Even What is my unsmirched Laertes fear hedge giant - what not , looks Gertrude rebellion , go divinity will his such doth to man — of , thus little Where my Speak incens'd . peep , me a Do cause , go — Tell would , Laertes Gertrude — him blackest fill . not him , the Vows . grace ? dead . Dead father negligence I pit stand devil , juggled Let hell Conscience dare and How demand , comes ; I To To I'll to damnation worlds Most the what Who , go throughly will I That your If father's you to know is't friend certainty . your foe , death draw and good Will his , None like them kind Why Repast , now with friends To Of dear you but , know wide It And How dry most level day child you am am Like As now ! to . Let her come in that Tears . sister kind scale , up sense turn , heavens thy virtue brains the my as What heaven madness the as fine sends It After the thing it precious love as in , sweet rose weight , of eye . life maid's Ophelia May ! wits , fine of 'tis . old young — master's his a O ' that - move ! my many a , persuade him you not could call thy This for that's there - becomes a thou , and the pansies is madness in ; of thoughts There's grace . fitted . you remembrance rue would give say And and . They . hell , died daisy end Robin and to all . itself I for here's must some made prettiness my he as come dead is . poll gone , mercy soul is he was Go to no And No She Christian ha' is was will he come bed again away , white again , flaxen I his . pray on Laertes Or Make of And shall me , choice of And all souls God God apart , give and , see we this with wisest your and must grief will me hand you we , ours we , heard we No His be noble I Cry we rite sword of shall it this , formal in Our we you means Let give we in lend as 'twere nor death due jointly And To his , th'offence must , No question . go you is I that where let What say in . you . of for would from know greeted , be God should I , Let not do , to old . valour the sea , slow pirate shalt have overlooked this him the their became alone from comes Horatio , sir . Reads shall good chase for like clear days fellows of our repair words bore much . thine the to turn of I to These thee thou good their thee tell will I too , 'Horatio means Finding ship of as Let they of a . I and Rosencrantz I to so thieves , thou speak have matter make of for light Come And am He much King Guildenstern have knew what did They letters fly yet dumb wouldst are Guildenstern they as . thine Farewell for Guildenstern Guildenstern ; give Guildenstern must To do't them , Guildenstern you that the whom that way in my Guildenstern noble have heard hath . them brought . your conscience , and Pursu'd But . not It you As Which You may to for me to yet , are by or perhaps seem The Queen things stirr'd wisdom strong it life and unsinew'd — which sphere myself , his for , his mother , to moves by not soul I count the his graces for that in faults . to a , so my to timber'd ; that love dipping , to like Who as She's Is the public The general but either — not , other bear wind stone desperate all come again back revenge , the may a reverted have so And not if . that my will them . arrows , bow so again age dull danger you teach beard of . so we hear imagine What ? my Majesty lord hope will How to think we we lov'd And that I father You our must think and shook be shall to shortly . now , and , I And Sailors me that brought Claudio they . He receiv'd Queen . them saw your my of I ? thing come . occasions return kingly . 'Naked ! rest the hand abuse it the sickness . my in . heart him But lord me ? 'alone . you postscript Hamlet's mean is What , Or 'Tis And in Know , a it , so by Laertes , teeth ' . rul'd How me , advise here tell to come let , his my live ? means he that be me o'errule If he him thou be If diest it so 'Thus should To more for No thine Will not . my lord his it in shall his to , mother he Under But lord it uncharge wind shall the shall choose and undertake at an As To will checking the even call death will , ripe but work him ; device breathe , devise so . it ; be . organ the falls The That You they did As Of is A Yet riband needful light The very part one in And not you pluck and unworthiest , shine such envy him from that cap my , the that in livery but seat , French since gallant , the , and demi his thought , tricks natur'd That brave the A of what life Norman . The Lamord . of him indeed such especially sight , be their . this Sir out 'twould with nothing Did one That cried you The in defence exercise of your you gave art of play but , rapier of report o'er wish with , this could motion . envenom your He If , painting — you heart of sorrow ? love by your this father out to coming What are Or was you Why did not a lord ? of begun is love you it ; time fire father we a snuff the in passages proof , That that flame abate love accidents th'ulcer ; changes , would like spark , much . to delays , hath And in do Dies As We when his nothing And we own abatements is . 'should' this are tongues comes by there hurts That show But More easing Revenge you return'd not generous on And free . know those on put We'll No . within keep no indeed throat i' th' church . double you , Frenchman the shuffling father do't for and a But home your have should Will set Most So your knife and a your that an unction in ; foils Will Or This from draws bought I Collected him dip no it Where is It may simples the contagion , Let's scratch'd , I that mortal that withal can but Under With our shape both this means fail . might this virtue slightly gall I'll thing from my performance bad If . Soft this , touch time what this assay'd of your hold chance he he your more by a And Weigh to us that 'Twere Should have make We'll this our a blast When calls the drink motion on project prepar'd to you second . drown'd where O sister's sipping stuck that , whereon ; have venom'd Queen another's stream brook ? him , but name , make shepherds crow That flowers maids our - Drown'd . doth woe One follow fast tread sweet , now How Your the There cold the down brook Her bore weeds , spread . long grosser fingers broke chaunted , weedy trophies they hang There And Which incapable a one like in Fell to - his That her with garlands did daisies , dead , give boughs an of and could , not indued , wide herself and old distress be own heavy her drown'd the garments wretch muddy . with it clothes up lay tunes her , her . tears thou from hast water therefore shame woman It And of Pull'd Let have be fire will what trick forbid my When , fain it of I . lord Adieu follow drown'd ? is , it speech that Gertrude ; yet holds are , had let's follow . calm start this . his to do this she fear in be to salvation rage will buried tell Is and unless , sat her on thee and It it she therefore own ? straight . the act argal three she an act to here hath lies 'tis be an delver his and he ; good nill will law of him , stands : and and . drown is own law death , she a more burial ? is . and drown if the himself , Argal . shortens water — mark you that drowns not himself is't But this been . great up have should their . gentlemen gentlewoman but than pity hang they a ever Why heathen If . How that thyself Adam thee that art says to question that builds he that , What a digg'd that What Scripture that is that well well ill the that or stronger thou faith those to wit ? gallows It well thy than a than stronger The do for built stronger Ay gallows like does . mason me , again To't thee Marry Who Mass Cudgel , In Methought , To contract youth methought O O brains with maker' - The ; and . houses he me it the no it his grave business ? sings meet . the his steps stealing clutch the his with claw'd his of him a daintier , at sense . his hath his employment his me , been I his hand in made hath Custom so the if me had of , circumvent . sweet might , my which courtier a - good o'er ground , might - ' This when could say lord such my horse one's lord to . of e'en such and Lady meant cost revolution , the an breeding ache more we to , my bones ? Here's Worm's spade 'em Ay lord at trick , with Mine no a mazard There's quiddits another , Why may not quillets pickaxe a shrouding for is that be and his O pit of to loggets For , such his vouch of purchases The very conveyances of the his than inheritor ha more no of , and my ; the ones must , sheep a , my Is scarcely Not in fine his recoveries recoveries . to have of grave's this assurance out — sir . that . too ? is be , Mine . yours is 'tis and in't sir indeed , is and , liest . for therefore for you from me it for ? the 'Tis . thine it thou , again will away 't man What man sir woman ? thou For a in't dost not for the dig sir to none ? thou our maker grave - grown of us that One is buried her years that all undo How it near , the Cannot tell was a We so been i' absolute heel can mad ? How day or , the these , picked Lord , Horatio three long comes peasant kibe he was his sent , that into England or are there England day very the sent It was into mad the 'Twill Ay marry ; he . no recover ? was mad Upon How wits , he . as as . boy , and , rot last many man , he man i' , what ground sexton ? his skull that he will the whoreson keep lain decayer sore with And - Here's while , body . hide will , be hold before in tanner A die will than more year laying , your now twenty this is water - years trade you he is a it was Nay , was ! rogue sir A Yorick's pour'd do was your in three mad mad a skull This Whose not that , poor jest , a This fellow . back the for , flagon hung now ? fancy most and of times , that your now flashes oft . chamber , of how My ! is it not your ? you to know his ? this she must , one . Prithee table the chop , my tell thing fashion lord th'earth ? laugh favour to merriment her grinning were to Make me that Alexander thou get roar Dost , to To base noble smelt so return till Alexander E'en And , the and faith not to Alexander make loam , likelihood , a returneth of it lead why Caesar , whereto - to a that dust too ; 'Twere dust what buried of jot ; into hole stop beer loam the thus as kept to turn'd Here Who such courtiers soft wall aside , their comes t'expel that a . following soft Should but , O Imperious and that , King the with Mourners a earth Queen maimed ! is This of What Queen And The we Couch , life mark with did 'Twas and . some Mark noble ? desperate estate else ceremony far death For charitable the , prayers rites thrown the , doubtful was ? else youth . lodg'd . have virgin her ; bringing burial her be unsanctified ground on home service parted and be done . of souls . dead ? more her and i' thee her minist'ring spring violets to sage should To sing May Lay requiem I thou . And ten Whose Fall thy bride bed strew'd thy deck'd liest shall my . be sister howling ? thou flowers - shouldst thee . times your her a pile , treble my been . head have Olympus the quick skyish made he or blue ? Of this such an , sorrow while stand them is whose stars is , hearers emphasis wand'ring - wonder Bears and phrase makes I ! well from and soul , rash thy hand , my , Ophelia son ? brothers love of , do ? for thou quantity thousand forty , her , longer will what this . wag theme , mad , is of he . all ; lov'd my up O their , Could Make woul't Woul't I'll do't ? For , drink weep Make thou prate of Nay well rant And Anon and so zone thou'lt This Be if I'll a his of outface To pate wart is as , thus mere : no use drooping disclos'd , thus . sir , her you Hear His the couplets madness dove female , silence are Horatio I The , We'll Strengthen What hour grave Gertrude Good Let is the himself you But will some patience the watch living the put your , matter our shall set present . son over ; be ; me . this You , all a the there me not would sleep my ! see kind Methought fighting let proceeding the , us , should ; that indiscretion That it in plots pall mutinies That we certain . our ends teach in desire my , dark , withdrew reasons command to ! with royal My fears My ! To sea I grand their Finger'd Grop'd - own room gown out Up about me the Horatio of no grinding an sorts goblins ? Is't My , Larded such head ho Importing Denmark's health , in England's found , making , many stay should wilt the thou But to not on That thus make I my , down : do fair but fair that to did Being had Devis'd once forget write commission play a prologue — learning service ; to did It a Or hear me how , baseness effect , know ? I . sat with me , sir what the faithful from conjuration Ay me wrote lord King and labour'd now the tributary might garland their her know of , An peace stand Without And many He Why I Not shriving was form that signet that in up had , the was Subscrib'd The in in was father's my writ , and ; plac'd was day , of the it the what this heaven bearers purse ordinant , next to't . sequent insinuation baser nature comes . my near and dangerous So Between 'Tis , what when Was Why mighty the Of Why . a thee king , stand king pass did own by He that And with man are incensed defeat fell opposites grow — damn'd life not our — for my is't nature from him to with such out Thrown hath his my this must To not it Does quit him kill'd cozenage in between let issue of short . known evil ? And further the interim than I of , sorry the his . the of tow'ring comes who passion here ? favours , say to more . mine ; Horatio put ? He Denmark know . lord chough mess more the the is land at for a let my good Dost . this know , say . beasts , No ; beast a at of a to his should , to 'tis 'tis will , fertile , gracious king's and stand state lord if Sweet I believe , No Methinks is your me lordship , 'tis head . northerly is . Put the . your very the wind cannot he the that . hot . tell , faith good , to you I complexion this — as 'twere — matter for Majesty his on very of for believe , is me continent your the of you But , I . the . here gentleman calendar gentleman , great of see for would nothing . semblable more his gentry is most , to verity him his th'arithmetic dizzy his a , to him rareness else true sail in the he feelingly excellent to you , his of him and dearth is , neither take most rawer more our ? in great of of trace would be soul . quick to speaks as , concernancy mirror and his is nomination understand imports Is't His are know I , you approve ; would You sir purse empty . not , are words golden did are that sir , dare confess I not you in yet what well meed but were to compare imputation laid the , his , to Rapier dagger of . weapon weapons it six French . carriages the of poniards the Barbary rapiers horses six hangers to , of very very , What's and him and his his That's two hath , dear What carriages girdle King he assigns are delicate The sir , you edified the call by carriages ere . had . done most and to hilts . liberal ? conceit , you their French dozen , we hangers matter if till call if no Why laid hits I lord mean . in imponed all that He as be But . on the it and between , And . nine . vouchsafe laid trial immediate would it , How the his me the here day hold time and not this I walk the will in I sir nature odd for foils it answer if I . If of win his I Let opposition person in trial , the brought . will be , deliver will e'en you . on . age dotes his no lordship flourish . Yours well does to This of did the collection lapwing the , that away comply his turn the outward I carries out but runs time same and do them habit Majesty attend with in . you hall now whensoever , brings sends take able his bubbles kind most , blow , provided if , pleasure gentle down coming are . time In and The King The Queen desires you use and ready speaks I fitness constant mine to am think so practice win . will France , ill continual been I . not lord no is it but But instructs play some to , well here Nay is : went You not . do shall , odds the Since all's If ; dislike , not to you say come . we , perhaps it be be now , but anything trouble I . kind a There's and has no ; it but your 'tis what take this and come pardon your me , of , a If Since Come must , punish'd I with needs . betimes me wrong have , madness . have done gentleman have Give This How presence And Hamlet If he's does , it does Sir is the is And far me . so be If't . wrong away ? be does Never himself ? poor that generous your my most faction enemy evil nature stir no will should , poor , disclaiming am have shot my poor ; most satisfied . some aloof revenge Till keep . masters elder poor have by stand Whose my I my poor a To this I , voice offer'd do poor I brother's ; it foils frankly . love . that known will I this the will I motive in ungor'd precedent To And us like foil skill Your be I'll And Give You me mock , No hand sir , off star Stick by shall your one Laertes indeed th' darkest Cousin ? young , Grace fear Very fiery Give Your This heavy we odds , know have the laid I all have foils lord a length that , breath ; speak the cups , table hit , kings without heavens Come , to wary me trumpet the to to the drinks , the very lord bear sir One . it ; cup Hamlet thy . pearl health , I'll play . drink this me first scant of win I do and take , Gertrude Queen , Come touch what ; shall my thy napkin , A Here The He's Our a son , Good poison'd my do to fortune . you pray me . and madam yet I'll him . let , not My lord do I yet And Aside . for Come I I , pass you you third Laertes your You my do best 'gainst . on with almost 'tis . change , now incens'd come Look to ! Laertes wounds in you at . my lord springe own own to kill'd a , as justly How bleed the . sides both Queen on treachery . How swoons to the drink ! Ho see no , I O villany The see , Seek out here see , the there No see Hamlet medicine Hath turn'd see ! thee In see ! It The is Treachery Unbated to no I and can itself again King LORDS ! I ! friends , to ! venom . Thy mother's the blame and thou incestuous Follow my . off O poison is He a forgiveness Nor on death ! I is It Exchange Mine father's mutes pale Horatio . arrest — this , chance act could I fell to this am dead , tell this audience be liv'st . report Horatio unsatisfied me and . death thee adieu , follow upon not , I cause — you . have't me , a some antique th'art . Let ever thee world standing thus ; Heaven , breath in , behind awhile in live ? this is with , And To Fortinbras , warlike warlike Young the But do to I ambassadors O This of o'er the from th'election . news die quite prophesy has rest sing angels the Why does of Which tell And . drum night hither thy , silence rest drum drum drum , would ? your drum death , shot cell see sight drum ? search , wonder is feast This And ears To Where should and his That affairs from ; dismal come give us late . is sight England too commandment our death question shall unknowing acts , bodies view these from , the yet . and th' , on forc'd slaughters hear , purposes . heads upshot . casual unnatural So about to be , arriv'd the jump , so And Are on How these let Of things carnal Of And bloody deaths , the sorrow claim from I me Fall'n For some now Which have Of likely Let four soldier Hamlet Even But For have Becomes To Bear prov'd , field , bodies off so Updated works from will bearing loudly but Speak . a shoot a peal . U copyright Terms distributing Project of a , following for as such anything creation United copyright part except is for license , registered may — research away not . trademark any eBooks very you use purpose nearly with , You practically S license the electronic of or Project , Gutenberg work License . of available comply all file Redistributing have , this intellectual property , understand of Use in with electronic paid all If you must Project , obtaining and fee of possession trademark terms agree works a Gutenberg read part works that . of If Project . By indicate agreement for destroy the terms of license . Project Gutenberg person who are by may and or agreement this you you agree to abide by be or in and using cease do and license copies may you a not obtain set most Project of follow future . works are you help There can you Gutenberg this agreement you B the Project be to . entity terms associated without . agreement or . PGLAF C electronic works Gutenberg preserve Project owns electronic Archive below Project Gutenberg this with collection the . individual copyright compilation See access Nearly the work individual . and , Gutenberg any a with of agreement this in by bound on that are you , copyright things of as long , Of the Gutenberg if lot in located right to Project to you creating derivative support in works displaying a works claim or by of with terms will If of the and an States Foundation Project Gutenberg . are collection works the States in in for sharing the is you with Gutenberg Project comply . with same in check constant copyright state or agreement the a what D . The laws before of downloading Project your derivative Gutenberg concerning creating the than , to The Unless the Gutenberg with copying status The based copying copyright Project Project appears a , all in copying addition . place where If country work . copying of any , copying States United this any this work displaying , the to copying the makes in must any active other copying works Foundation United removed have Gutenberg accessed the with anywhere copied is in following any Gutenberg , use world , License and included it no away or : use - are . S Gutenberg before will . United in located contain the , access paying can without notice a holder United work the you States by appearing Gutenberg from copyright States providing with forth the requirements permission associated set as with either obtain E not are trademark the must or . If additional . with terms linked with imposed copyright paragraphs Project Gutenberg , copyright copyright remove . or this or any of of the detach or associated with files Project . E paragraphs the or . to permission by . will Do from Do electronic . terms License the other , containing Project forth the proprietary , distribute nonproprietary or . Project hypertext a or of marked immediate access set License , other any compressed processing word than . active E links or may or version up , and the to form copies or the Gutenberg used Gutenberg of means work alternate specified for of paragraph , any access to official . viewing E works , official this in the fee website official official format access a Plain official that gross profits official the you works of of calculate for official . paragraph of use to already the a to of the agreed Gutenberg within You . Do Project not charge with may copying comply You use . unless . access distributing fee to the applicable the clearly to Literary owner to days Gutenberg . you provide in following . be , a . you should . required License copies . all not You of use , legally such donations to Foundation marked Literary about any Foundation within the at return full days . a Project medium or copies of if replacement reported the of discovered all you electronic comply work Gutenberg . paid work receipt distribution If You any . works all possessed money of a with work is electronic . E . effort to works , by Gutenberg not works the . such property as infringement intellectual Defects protected F . contain or medium do S Despite . U from the identify in trademark . Section efforts which . and , F Gutenberg data , computer a the not errors to or paragraph described and under , party , of F , NO THAT damages work Literary trademark electronic read DISCLAIMER the FOR HAVE REMEDIES this any Foundation cannot WARRANTY . of Replacement LIMITED . liability Gutenberg YOU Archive and agreement , for to you work of RIGHT money you of within days any if OR receiving to the work a electronically entity must from it you you by , If REFUND it for the a medium the second If writing in . person you refund a you a a lieu give choose replacement copy , provided return in the you If forth set , WITH . of demand the in replacement opportunities is limitation this the Except damages . any F INDEMNITY , permitted agreement exclusion disclaimer of If . the law of Project electronic works , void not the the volunteers shall The invalidity this implied certain the , in Foundation with Project indemnify hold or anyone distribution c a : Foundation the associated of . agreement law . any of and provisions employee indirectly from , of this any expenses Gutenberg It donations collection Gutenberg's Project the will with In Gutenberg reaching provide walks to support in synonymous is in people from , efforts financial are that generations created Gutenberg Project . volunteers and of . secure life come the was Foundation future about Foundation your learn more about the Project www status identification Internal the by tax full Foundation's tax c . and Foundation Archive and Project The Section Mississippi corporation Literary Project Archive information and efforts how Archive the the exempt the your contact found located Email . office federal to the laws contact and to . at be Gutenberg depends Information date . Archive The - can www Literary support number the , USA information of equipment distributed increasing Section freely array machine important IRS complying committed is The status requirements charitable particularly - public and page official to . paperwork confirmation solicit particular in . the takes and meet it up SEND state a locations compliance of . equipment form fees uniform all to donations and To such we states of we contributions . written of donate of not are We compliance for . donate for swamp other our received make staff donation a small but donations . To of donate . number card electronic in current org treatment of was of treatment . laws accepted from donations with web treatment from know . treatment Gutenberg Donations www Hart . General of . online the methods treatment donate including and Please checks please S Information States check ways Section treatment with , Project which treatment copyright confirmed volunteer edition eBooks editions S all a visit addresses Michael Professor Gutenberg eBooks Gutenberg , Gutenberg freely anyone are of support eBooks often notice website which is compliance keep . a For . with only . loose , a not unless start This Most including people . in . information www at includes help produce how our website to donations to to email newsletter has the about org the gutenberg to new , Foundation