unfold . Stand and to upon carefully . your He You struck For relief now Friends to to the ? there you reliev'd good you Barnardo Give place Holla , of , our but of us hold twice , 'tis seen have not Touching And dreaded nothing take have watch That will says Horatio I He may approve our appear awhile and 'twill , so let speak this of come . apparition if us this are That And Tush What , not speak part . from and that westward night of t'illume heaven . it — of pole dead Horatio comes myself , again that's , like it . form night . What Together thou with art sometimes In ! Is ! Stay not ! mine it thou ! Is Without this you answer than ! and ? not true this avouch ? ice angry at When Such art when very the So He frown'd With before stalk bodes This Why Good now sit Why , such , strange thought the some In nightly foreign Does What Who most of , this the whose brazen observant , of and and tell of war cannon haste the sweaty from week task day : last appear'd most know you the can with ? Norway Hamlet so I him valiant can combat side , seiz'd his with image , goes but even as Thereto At . by a in our ; on of by ratified the by the inheritance of , King To gaged vanquisher . mettle Norway , cov'nant , same Fortinbras ; a moiety by design'd and resolutes Fortinbras some our state other , there , diet of a doth father and those by unto appear recover As And compulsatory That our of haste his the main be post this motive well in't food ; list and to which of skirts up For by Is this may the and it it think Well was A graves The In A mote Comes That Disasters stars Upon the mightiest stood ere squeak with whose influence tenantless in the Neptune's prologue Unto And But That soft , Lo any hast Extorted hast O , to me speak to , in ! spirits oft , Marcellus with Stay you the ! fate , life I , Do 'Tis ! here 'Tis the invulnerable , heard in erring spirit , warning herein hies the . the that is all . charm . hill the time believe strike abroad stir , is so nor wholesome nights bird Wherein The , no gracious in russet yon what the dew . morning ? him , life seen my for , But So look Break Let Walks o'er us Hamlet , impart ; have we , pray loves in most , dear brother's Voltemand conveniently duty know him this , and I . it us death queen joy , our Fortinbras worth our young death , brother's of frame advantage to dream late know us pester surrender all brother father valiant ourself for Taken better affair state hath not this by thinking the impotent , Thus Who gait lists , further this his of and Of Now much To In and ; Of Giving business You Farewell , now doubt You told We it , some of What . all and , cannot your lose suit reason to to , From Your leave and in willingly duty though What the The Yet thoughts I whence show now He hath Have And your my , By laboursome will do Upon fair best my the that it lord little more A Aside beseech hour Take , and thy less and much friend am clouds than so Not Seek it ; know mother good I cloak of suits it is black is common . seems , Hamlet father a lost , obsequious do obstinate In Together the with can they but these know , lost stubbornness , An understanding know what unfortified his vulgar , be most incorrect is . condolement . our his peevish in we Take his That his father To his Why it For As From the fathers his , a to is ; heaven , earth , note to , today us of cried hath nature to , of , fault to , 'This Is must This a are And chiefest It You that I going Than I Let Our in And Here stay I Do toward to of and her obey . Madam best you reply come , to This 'tis gentle Why shall His That Fie Seem self weary How , this uses ! satyr So — a too , roughly king nay it things ; appetite loving so , fie stale flat of much come gross an should not she so was winds Heaven 'tis in to hang on a thy , grown reason even body , mine of father's shoes my . that — Why wants no of to father's yet . O salt . but married speed sheets post , tears , my with father . tongue must incestuous to hold my good — sir ? Wittenberg . lord . make even Good see My Marcellus good in faith you to , glad am Nor you ; your your you depart . funeral your . your ? your . Elsinore in deep ! the dearest your , upon hard marriage foe day your The Horatio forth . meats it it it mind's Where my thrift , I — had had seen it , my it I saw yesternight it he ? Who upon him a , eye he was he for take look ? King The he My , he he an Upon Season he My your ! while may gentlemen me you . hear gentlemen , night , me distill'd eyes . This walk'd , him to secrecy them had impart word , thing apparition Form Almost his truncheon's Where And In I But Did platform upon lifted to , head as would did once away , duty . our ; the then sound Hold sirs it know watch my . to . foot head ? in anger . than . you ? It one like when saw't , beard was , with BARNARDO I moderate as I was silver'd have His I Perchance warrant my , it to assume And me you noble . conceal'd this sight else tenable loves . in shall your hitherto hap , ye . still , tongue and no not night foul , spirit foul mine , Upon loves father's Till doubt some sit My And And Forward , No ; not a ? crescent it but no more does more more more service his himself weigh'd , as subject more not may for of this persons unvalu'd more His And of more virtue greatness The For of withal wide Unto sanctity ; and his health and voice . must therefore head particular of voice he the the your the It in Than As fits If lose Or Fear Too their not infants of the enough ; affection . the blastments then best though , are Contagious to The As shall I watchman before Show here And Look thou are , wind A Occasion double Laertes stay'd And you Be Grapple thou Nor character , and his thought but , quarrel - not thy , thy hatch'd ear thine to oft ; unfledg'd with , may , as generous loses a most oft , And above all borrowing , Costly man's every And of , Neither the habit express'd apparel purse , nor . judgement can rich chief in and gaudy , nor nor nor be . nor lord day . nor Hamlet you to Lord key , 'Tis in my Ophelia he touching the . it of hath as so free — been to you most my understand , so me Marry you please Given private If it audience something 'Tis told of And Have What affection ? caution lord you ! perilous , circumstance tenders my not believe you his hath ! Pooh behoves You be that do between , Affection Do Marry Which are . teach his Unsifted ta'en I call ? for me ; girl . them phrase . yourself what tenders true dearly my . soul , lord , to know do to holy the to , the the must in Giving You Than Be their tongue vows : these , extinct in , light than as your . him in much command I believe that implorators sanctified plain or words Not be vows which charge to't would And his their and terms Have you give Do But Breathing better I The you shall of dye beguile to , any talk As in . come with so my ; slander Look It I it heard it Indeed I doth Keeps And What this , his not spirit and lord ? of swaggering draughts of his and his and tonight trumpet pledge . phrase nature , origin of wherein of in guilty , men and is , east observance of indeed , achievements pith oft some their in That , As vicious for So though , are and stamp of , undergo as Fortune's of dram take . fault general censure . doubt corruption The substance it ! scandal grace Angels my , Look To of defend , me tell call questionable thee canoniz'd bones ; in . such a I'll , O why What but ! mean , may in complete this the fools and thee ! of we reaches Wherefore away desire of moon with did alone what a it with do But No by no waves , more with Look It ; should my , will go speak not , what , if It do not Do my be lord then not What some draw Without That some some Go It shall I'll some many it hears roar me . some . thee beneath ? toys , puts place some looks You Hold Be away follow Let's rotten To 'tis . will to me . thee . come . him . flames , tormenting . serious thou when revenge ? spirit to walk fast my father's term thy am I a for the the Till And To harrow Thy And of If flesh didst and ! the and it . revenge to thou shouldst May meditation sweep I rots not out stir in ease thee apt ; Hamlet , hear the ear sleeping this , the ; forged process itself given that me so Now on be duller in death my father's noble thou whole of Mine incestuous to will The I Upon made a wretch to mine it me my most gifts with , to - traitorous virtuous his have gifts beast , won seeming falling was even gifts decline mov'd be were never ; in in orchard in within scent on methinks But in in Though though prey my in The swift Holds That The curd a sudden with a brother's bark'd posset , man , crust hand sin ; to my . and about , dispatch'd : my once my of blossoms disappointed , Cut , life of Thus was I crown , body of the reckoning made of of Unhous'led , at smooth my , even of sleeping of in off With not of - and worm glow Against those And The of And stiffly O host all you , Adieu 'gins prick adieu Ay And , this In I'll wipe youth books from the ghost , grow while all away commandment and thy book the . all . volume villain . O , pernicious . smiling I , so in remember . it and smile it sure there , HORATIO lord MARCELLUS , Hamlet secure it , Illo , Hillo , Within How be . bird . it , my , Not my HORATIO heaven . it you'll But a , of heart villain right hold you more fit so And ne'er There needs arrant an us circumstance shake we ; You as For as Such These it man and desire and desire part own . words pray you , my offence heartily I'll go my and — you wild Look ; and whirling , sorry no Saint an your as you desire me my request will . friends , will MARCELLUS you what , not We now know what , faith not . truepenny seen . sword that this we'll gentlemen ubique to this hear , my swear Consent fellow in have Swear by speak Never Propose to Never lay speak Beneath by work remove good i' . you , that more ! my day said worthy pioner and night , a is my so my . heard . give and heaven my your never , therefore are as Here , To I my things of so it my wondrous philosophy in as bear on think shall — shall — you But Horatio . come help myself and if if , is you in pray I cursed O to I . your on Let . money this will I Give shall , who me and What By they Than your particular distant will what are said well I did intend it of his and knowledge this mark my lord say wild on very so may and he's put none heed marry there that wild , of most and , and youth , As and noted take dishonour may , Faith That's not That The my they savageness in seem open you not That Of meaning the taints to another put is but a blood , liberty of . lord . this assault outbreak unreclaimed of , i' fetch you him th' , guilty , son ; consequence you prenominate the seen you youth party 'Good The Having a in He , Your thing believe Marry And sir Of phrase or ; the then And ever , mass By 'friend or the , in in thus or such o'ertook or of . reach bias . you well yourself . my lord his Well my , Observe let , in his sewing Lord hat , upon Hamlet , as my now what with his , With , My My his the the What said of hand me he last he He would As , his a length o'er his me he thy know He end He As it head his to doors his over his on their the King — command property . I will ecstasy very to will itself me the any natures him any passion you . me but as and denied did judgement . my our proper But he beshrew to our better him did words hard given my did heed but trifle might , utter . ourselves in age opinions the move . King . and . close to sort . the we to younger Guildenstern man it , and to have hath call it himself you both inward I so ; th'understanding his by you afflicts thus him our , glean to your companies court with humour , you of hath to unknown aught occasion , so youth may to pleasures young . days rest vouchsafe so little draw Some you on from us as time , lies open'd , Whether gentlemen Good And whom , he more so your and As fits by the sovereign Your visitation your here Heavens bring much And our , presence helpful to and gentlemen and Pleasant make changed Guildenstern I these , Norway my . Th'ambassadors still hast lord duty God , the cause that I long have as I my you Assure my soul my : mine of gracious of do of policy . to that bring feast found hath main . Norway ! to out him truly ; found the sent he levies fair Most , Voltemand , greetings desires griev'd , Majesty your and in , obeys , impotence arrests fine , joy in those fee annual . together took - well at night upon more It your dominions for of set time this we'll welcome home we'll expostulate labour : time and , ended madam , well is be , is son go : 'tis art at is true soul the , night Your limbs brief it More I , swear it we Mad But I in daughter , this her have Who given the comes mark , remains art effect this of this by whilst thus she 'beautified' . is a , be stars are I sun fire move a to reckon best this lady dear most This love that evermore As more I I Doubt But ill obedience hath hath , by above , doubt whilst daughter his by means solicitings show'd , love ? place , ear think faithful do I perceiv'd , queen here what daughter seen told your must hot man a But so my my you had play'd heart I his work , might tell on dear Or What , young should messengers herself tale make . gave to book - I , or desk this upon my Or is be , short into a my fruits , and sadness the from bespeak , and idle went of thy : her resort . sight round winking with I mistress a she must , 'Lord look'd ? Hamlet This , It , may be , very . for wail all we , done Admit no receive now And Thence Which think . 'tis Do , this into a weakness raves he , otherwise be ? otherwise fain likely Not if me , Within How sometimes we further lobby the in Here So Mark the board How God - I'll look But him presently does , know you well I you Not , sir as honest the sun i' that . youth again I I was him , gone this . not he Aside What . lord my ? men eyes have sir ; their most of purging that here they are their ; I hold be All that matter should sir believe yourself - tree potently with plum most you Aside that the Into out of grave air there my , to I , the as am — I him take anything life most hits . my leave daughter him and you will except I between meeting old my from life my you , in Happy good we are the shoe very ? over not not of soles Neither or we she grown . at deserved the prison , friends to she sends Denmark's goodly particular . Then , lord , is there ; so 'tis prison . or bad a nothing wards worst confines many my a dreams . of king dream for is dream hold Truly , beggars' I court shadow's of have count myself . very substance bad shadow by that light a and quality outstretch'd and , our a . and and a but . are and we beggars bodies , th' and to , and For ? and what and most rest , man , dear say Is thanks my lord visitation speak ? and you I nay sent for have lord poor too a in it come were your for . is . you craft better by have and which conjure youth our with . If . you me , hold you of . were proposer rights of of our you , I . me heavily , excellent exercises most , canopy of this firmament other the this me is express in admirable , that all custom discovery your why , it brave my disposition congregation , the : me , to seem , And how how , my in stuff service them man , what not me' Lenten the . so to me you delights Man ? there you players think sigh shall shall say clown make wont Even and of that players me He shall players not ; the players for't her What players both . such are in , players of was ? Their ? players they was so followed they the both better by I the in . the they These are on grow are ; dare and quills wonted but now cry rusty they indeed ? the , that pace question . say their their on — to can ? thither sir of many , they it money the while to of brains went and for sides both There the . player ; was ? throwing away ? if little philosophy find , Your . players it than out something There welcome is are Elsinore But , Elsinore welcome mad Elsinore Well but In Elsinore my father what my Elsinore outward Elsinore - north west When his ; them yet too and time the right lord Then his history , either historical , comical in - heavy the liberty for - and Seneca law O unlimited . writ comical pastoral actors pastoral The which my . well more and passing I i' a that old daughter Jephthah ? ' . daughter , no right th' my The first good in Thy am I . me nearer Pray God . to a of be all , gold altitude . friends , Com'st By'r mistress piece are e'en Come , straight a lord speech my once play as I remember was but cried , down as — acted not , was it scenes no matter in set in an the with sallets the . What for . the matters But , speech me were the in digested were , above not were once were . the were were loved where it memory much it in the did purpose as Black it Hath When The rugged not he it the : so it it , Priam , and proceed , finds Greeks , falls it accent Pyrrhus rage match'd , and good . with antique at Anon his command whiff father his Priam prisoner Takes Which Pyrrhus' , So Of And a reverend like we as in the often heavens anon and rack storm , below orb the some will his against after , so new pause , the neutral Did winds hush Aroused rend falls on eterne gods ; heaven , wheel . on say on . on on on on come too come head that threat'ning good robe come clout stood . 'Mobled . Prithee . come . come come come — all them Pyrrhus state the she burst of move the passion made things milch And But Who A her seen had Fortune's if 'Gainst When The , see you live . of the them Good — their , has gods the of rest Do you chronicles epitaph to man honour their bad abstracts them whipping deserve thou 'scape , After your man Dost ha't Follow the , a tomorrow Murder . of in't him and hear We'll . friends , look you ? not , You which Follow Guildenstern You Very that God b' monstrous , so in's visage his dream peasant ye My friends to Elsinore . am am Now all . And ? and drown the cue to all he ? with ear her for motive What all all or Hecuba weep his ? a distraction all to force A all should he Had I And all to conceit him For What's to for Hecuba he ; across pate I dear of , peak , I Yet rascal not most . unpregnant and property nothing Am ? a coward kites kindless is bawdy ! a unpack whore , cursing am . oppression the , as ? Who : or villain lack I cannot gall ere and I , Bloody , lecherous have should I I offal my like , I About - I son of ass to ! scullion I And Must I tent my him most Been murder With something to creatures the guilty For Play May I Out As I'll is of T'assume the a be pleasing my know he Abuses potent damn relative and I'll conscience with such spirits thing . catch quiet , confusion keeps on true his Of we with our a his of a that to pastime certain . but much But a he Did a a a , demands in , there as did , This night to 'Tis hear and a him so edge to these lord , too on , unseen here lawful . accident for may by myself leave frankly judge behav'd no , as he . love for part beauties obey of thus We Your loneliness And smart The Is not Than is harlot's a Aside take end 'tis nobler , bare grunt he When patient of ? bodkin dread returns sweat country to cowards all of we have awry moment , turn currents their action Nymph . day , orisons and cast not puzzles know now , thy Soft many a , well this ? them - well remembrances . deliver receive to My thank , longed long have yours . did , no admit than commerce for truly , what Could Ay into is ; it was bawd the This . I sometime than a lord you made love you did paradox , it for of more his Indeed not stock but my proof have likeness shall nunnery we . them indifferent to myself that thee thoughts revengeful them We put , arrant ? Let the dost thou as nunnery marry help . are upon in's be If ice go pure him , as paintings , it they keep are already me amble your all nunnery married mad , a . sword , quite , most fashion observers of the mould and of honey of noble Like Th'observ'd That And I of sovereign and blown woe and and most tune of form reason harsh , his a in that way see of is and sits There's lack'd tend little soul I , me it O seen though . melancholy not hatch which he in neglected his shall , still . beating objects brains the the seas variable : quick heart : England , to ? believe on't you puts of now as do How What Hamlet you grief his him and something his settled With From The do himself . love fit tell My us be find she fit said play him him the not fit fit it you , trippingly fit players not fit saw you acquire to offends tear passion to pronounced as of your I as in great ones you but a as , pray , my say it periwig to , would - out rags have tame that , you from word ; Pray nothing a Herod warrant . fellow ears - the neither the time is , to . there , one the unskilful of , Christians that I the or very up the your be not , bellowed . laugh which O humanity made have , imitated so as hold of , whose end make not and and For those , that indifferently your barren question of there play with be the shows of most , it , my piece of ? lord this Queen the considered be in the the Will you ROSENCRANTZ my GUILDENSTERN at thou lord What art , For no clothe And crook thrift , As Hath with what is That To sound I There , slave in , tonight Something play it , very the with thou have scene I One of thee core stop passion's she too before my that see'st of act his that Give will both eyes . Well aught the play . will the , I this . play idle , others Hamlet and Polonius so the , Ophelia , I air capons dish : eat mine . i' killed your ready ? that . metal Hamlet you mark in , me players ; they O here's more dear patience my mother Come Lady , your . lie No , I my , you nothing I think Do Ay I to my What think fair a thought . lord maids' ? Nothing are You Who , my . two half a he yet have merry within's ? suffer for O ! forgot ; lovingly horse build - hobby - very churches then whose epitaph is ' or and life 'For his , months , months the two memory die , great a then , the She and kneels declines seeing Queen of The his . to the lament with Queen with the of She accepts of his loth body four and the of pours him dead Anon him . of her of upon show makes of , asleep him head . exits takes action crown , Poisoner this means end this my miching show know : fellow imports mallecho this Belike We all players this by , or , us Here You For for your hearing tragedy the . him you'll shame that , or As We . of . patiently your the round , late of be and moon done sick former I distrust must , you is made doubts littlest love great their leave fears is the , my proof , and my , women's neither aught , is love In Discomfort thou Faith For grow live belov'd , Where as For I O needs powers confound that thrift husband kisses kill I Are base A I do But time , first . memory speak on we mellow , love , joy themselves with grief purpose ; we ourselves they but , validity oft slave but sticks the . destroy . lament nor violence ending , doth in Most Which now to Where great love 'tis That This Grief Their own enactures is The The advanc'd makes fortune a lead love on fortune : prove to his or left world For man question loves our not in Directly So But earth think are That our wills thoughts Our Our to and thoughts deeply spirits dull , should leave fain . beguile awhile here I sleep and tedious rock day Sleep thy . play this like word her keep ? argument she'll heard O Have you but Marry Vienna is one is do in jest no our nephew good chorus are you , Lucianus ; love , if . This see interpret I You are cost faces . black and , Thoughts Confederate hands , mixture rank , ban Hecate's season , Come natural Thy On wholesome thrice life magic estate love in very . for's usurp written murderer How fares King The o'er Give some light . fire false . of my play lord . rises , strucken , watch hart the Why , get this Would fortunes turn , shoes whole I . reigns was Damon , one a a cry O , and rhymed thousand pound now — dismantled have might I'll good O Horatio You . word ? him not it music , the very some . Come . perdie the some likes comedy ? more itself to should show me Your doctor wisdom Good lord my , put , for into more discourse from your into some me it of your the . cannot ? return the right do . hath If will shall . you say answer mother — amazement a mother ! into as , her there no , my such sequel bed you . further any Have go ? is struck admiration But bar the your to surely you , you lack your do You and . still do is liberty , your distemper deny pickers by these griefs ? advancement of your I if own , but Let the if be — the you when succession one . grows the this upon is would drive me proverb with love I lord that . pray you beseech do no I me Believe cannot most the the pluck ! of would sound speak ; you eloquent it as ventages with it skill to I lying your , and have not the though presently and what me would , God fret than on cannot you , can , and see , By the yonder cloud is by — mother . bent my Very backed It and will by top a a a me , blood a hot mother . a ever : a . use . none safe prepare with Therefore will our And he England terms Hazard , us , bound . the much rest more and many strength peculiar depend gulf , draw wheel things it the The lesser a this this fear speedy free you goes now ROSENCRANTZ us - upon footed ; him tax it mother's . and makes of . vantage them more audience well a my closet Fare home , Fare liege , Fare Fare , Fare Fare , Fare , begin first intent : mercy heavens serves ? twofold Whereto sweet ? down But since which mine , one the In out And Offence's oft the in give Even to To Try Yet O limed wretched O engag'd soul more when ! knees sinews All when when babe when when : send when , bread salary this , hire and blown broad crimes his He With 'Tis To To Now And And And That , and revenge , then of And . in and , him him fit and the circumstance this is audit know season'd that trip gaming is asleep pleasure in't kick swearing th'incestuous drunk our in heavy is for or his about salvation or damn'd as goes . sickly My ; relish soul no When he Or , This My Words Tell And heat and I'll be . hath too and bear me broad to to with him , go Fear , straight come his that Now , thou , Withdraw hear me . me , husband's ? Hamlet now question with , forgot so budge . brother's my . glass not set I'll then Behind . me , I O Nay know a rash . and a kill 'twas , rash better too to for wring your your be If it me If That proof done damned is custom ? tongue , rose , thy stuff not against the me wag dar'st marriage innocent modesty of an hypocrite sets false from the of . love contraction body solidity visage - sick at in , this act act on brothers , command and the heaven station An New lighted form - herald threaten brother world did a See The counterfeit grace on eye To This , Would Else Is , judgement apoplex'd , was , ecstacy quantity so not you sense , devil What ne'er would it's your feed , ear what a Have you have for ! Ha . blood this of ; is ; fair this cannot call on batten And The But hath thus serve Nor could step it to this you for some such in sense difference . without is was't - sight , shame there eyes Hamlet And rank sweat , enseamed bed , matron's a the Proclaim , soul live an mine ; love but spots but but making . villain of kings , but but rule his . but empire your wings pocket empire more No shelf the and empire precious vice the empire me would he's tardy son lets chide to empire gracious . passion ! empire your , dread say O time in important Do to Is but look But The on almost . forget not step between her in Speak And On Upon the heat capable form him . Lest with you whom do . this him on them Would not , what have look upon , me for you colour effects Will all nothing you did ; all in goes habit ! even the is father there as the liv'd it ! portal he . brain , madness , test not word for flattering matter utter'd music - my the yourself corruption but not gambol I I is Ecstasy love of time It me Bring doth yours . to ; re will from your Lay Would That will not skin , but , fatness of Forgive compost me these pardon leave this on is virtue good . not doth virtue evil , is of use likewise aptly that He Assume Good To And when With And blessing punish of Once curb abstinence lend on actions gives the habits . frock And the ; me gave cruel him . The word begins bad him I I I will be One That beg you repent I do this Pinch let him on What Thus the , good and be bestow worse only Make paddling by That but a am not fair queen But For that's dear Would mad who a Such , your ravel all a neck craft to tempt from for pair of matter in from from from And breath from to thou life from break words from made , breathe ? concluded my must adders fang'd , way , hard , sweet meet . this room counsellor secret . shall line the one two into me crafts the . grave . end , mother sighs ; Where on lord Bestow good Gertrude , my And his Behind Which the the as with O old rat 'A hearing cries brainish . his stir some like he it let , foul Where divulging . of very mineral . He divulging weeps deed divulging divulging divulging divulging him hence body hence the this . hence hence hence hence . aid , dragg'd hence haste , up we haply mean slander his world's may , dismay ! our what come GUILDENSTERN . stowed ! they my lord , O , with the , dead kin it Besides own ? son of , king : he ? lord the his in the my countenance best you what , and you , sponge you A . us tell jaw be . mouthed to . and fox all after body The goes loose him , their eyes , at at grown . at reliev'd my befall'n all ? at at , at ? Hamlet , Now but . us . That's ! mean thou king is of Nothing seek . man may with within heaven In , thither But shall i' to but th'other we which Which , deed some stay England For cherub England England England , England purposes . England England one Farewell . him seal'd make haste for hence is everything England That my looks imports at raw and , know full , coldly , that done king greet Go Captain him that , And Howe'er my must thou the express . conveyance his If Over me from his of You our him know aught would duty And will , We Tell Craves so . the in shall that let I How Against some That pay Nor five To Goes for Or against it in Truly main and a five to , profit I , it to it no Polack rate thousand debate th'imposthume wi' you humbly and of never and . defend be Norway Will man dies the . thank wealth . sir b' the of breaks Two not , I . inward is This souls much That but and Looking and which , thinking cause I A and Sure and and coward precisely us in Bestial , or and godlike whether but earth mass tender ambition say and , th'event it be say some yet say To Is When That say have the my say of honour's But greatly to say and , to my time . forth , for plot twenty beds the ? slain is the That a father kill'd blood shame thousand my reason , death fantasy be or worth nothing be , from thoughts She tricks carry 'Twere Though , Which Each sick her , artless prologue seems good would botch words one winks and nods were conjectures To It Where beauteous Majesty ? true you He sweet And his , what lady ? is his his heels grass green . gone gone and ? song and one you , dead Larded true all bewept Which , here with the sweet did showers love you . flowers owl we what not do They father but are we you have God ! this upon say know Conceit is the Saint of means say a All Tomorrow , be To at your , an end . come they blame me me hadst ha' not long if bed my thus ? if We they Cock if will , and Charity shame if to . to't if if But . My cannot I , good , Come night pray I ; most her not father single Poor done thoughts and have him fair . from his ear , arraign places ? guard the , riotous , The in overpeering superfluous death Let my ? the What lord were custom props Laertes king the . dogs . without all thou ; will we , We of to that's my blood Calmly father unsmirched brow harlot the . person ? our king not Do so but is rebellion what to Tell — Let man him me , would Laertes , Gertrude — go is not demand his juggled the blackest be . not , this To worlds Most , shall for to I'll comes Who I'll , the certainty to both writ go far , is't will death little them world so . the all , draw ? you know your in loser and Winner but them wide his you father's Will good you kind with now , them a father's it , my . eye for times eye her , mine of her seven beam . O sweet her a young man's her itself 'tis of her her hey a tear the nonny well rain'd many dove didst ' master's a , down , remember here's you . you O give I a died . There's grace daisy father would o' , you a violets for but and is that's for not he to all joy There's it difference , And of Christian all His God ha' this his moan his as was flaxen , was beard He , never All we He is I you choice they Or Laertes , see whom of If And Make ? will , soul ; obscure , bones your to your satisfaction we patience not us , if that will and with . ours content be nor nor , in question heaven ostentation great . 'twere th'offence That where to be I is you with axe . speak have . what from part from know be letter too a is if for . the . Lord of . There's please was thou at old comes him bless sir to have thee England thine their Farewell yet wouldst the knew as thou prisoner they have They instant ; us I I are letters me . for course : bring much may brought must Now And Sith must have he That you put him , ear a . with my your noble life appears not were mainly and proceeded wisdom safety capital two You so against unsinew'd , which and but . are his to perhaps , strong seem . special ; and be it , my life not her by The conjunctive star the public love spring slightly have And A For my driven not all great , Who to I so sister challenger her your made our And had aim'd desperate again age come will You flat shook . to love shall hear , imagine Queen this news now , lord ; your This From And I lov'd ? What , Hamlet given kingdom Reads 'High Tomorrow . Sailors They pardon beg shall us shall What first shall and , your mighty leave , come thing ? I your . the Know abuse . 'Naked all Are the more and hand such recount return the back the heart , the the , How me lord the Laertes — me by ? otherwise — peace a ; so my now that ripe shall death he , exploit an But And the To My for That I I could be accident wind it not choose shall uncharge shall in the , becomes since , wears — months weeds the , this seat horse natur'd , my he brought unto Normandy and ? youth of cap in , his gentleman serv'd against , but his - his and and topp'd thought . indeed the nation the of a you masterly in such exercise most The . 'twould motion . match cried out your envenom do to of Now sudden he coming — him . my What of , your out like without father was face the you Why think A that I are Or Time that Not And of nothing lives qualifies in For should Dies that But I see We kind A goodness too we when much growing to still a at is his would , then Hamlet show : But is abatements hath are by yourself your what ; this than father's like , tongues easing i' in words , o' quick the But sanctuarize you son . good Laertes deed . throat close bring , in remiss , together , sword . father . virtue save dip unction purpose bought So mortal but from but of knife that if withal can It , all that an that I , a have thing him from death , mountebank it slightly means . but there are venom'd escape chance may purpose How now tread another's whereon your hold Laertes , where . drown'd Queen stuck sipping have ? sister's upon I'll more bouts the for for you drink , motion your chalice doth Drown'd a shows ! O sweet in did she . fingers pendant hoary leaves envious weedy her liberal flowers with , give men's and clothes sliver , There fantastic There a , his garlands daisies the boughs an glassy stream tunes her spread wide , indued . melodious drown'd ? lay drink not it and of snatches muddy garments But heavy from wretch , long down chaunted the in Which time - And creature of , with is , her my forbid ; say will this folly would these custom Adieu , holds , yet poor But Ophelia gone , that it his start . give do follow again follow let's , will , wilfully , calm , and and , be that , Christian make finds unless , can How I thee , Why , found be , wittingly : here , to . For to act hear It must wittingly offendendo herself do argues else act goodman , good he him and ? is come , will his law his truth the marry Will ha' Why this countenance thou this there in this , drown . say'st should , mark himself shortens this that this crowner's quest gentlemen up have she their but Adam's this themselves that a they hold profession not this been . this was , makers ? The makers folk more than makers great . or spade - grave makers and even Was , makers Why the art Adam thee What he makers , says dost ? digg'd had Scripture How heathen Could a What Scripture question or , frame ? the mason . either stronger than does a , thou thousand ill ? unyoke . and tell can , this asked for To't he Yaughan no more ; beating . with it very did love , for fetch time sweet ; my next will , liquor , Go ass mend question doomsday of dull behove he , sings love was ? knave first the did ? the this might , might sweet - my he lord such lord my say when Ay lord meant be which - good such e'en : and beg - a 'Good morrow Lady my now and ; chapless an we knocked . tenures and skull the his rude this his For another quiddits Why a . This now . quillets not may suffer shovel in's recognizances fine and fellow he , his fine , his time not will , There's , might his . with Hum length and breadth have this more his box indentures and ? and ha my seek out assurance . Whose in this to meet is for guest clay for thou be grave's which O a sir thine of . 'tis yet thine . for away . liest for 'Tis . dead . equivocation I years card her For Who , to is the . age knave be none We Lord is is was One , must Horatio ; speak these by the toe How that . since ? that fool that he was he , was that days tell Hamlet born ? sent there as are men the there ; came ? say Why mad Ay was shall no him in they not long will in here , if nowadays eight that Why year hide , great year he be not his body will is - now ; tann'd water with another his more three Here's , mad same skull mad sir This ? Yorick's A Takes on it , and your be at how ! a see me poor that your chamber to Where ? is his Where times , own Where my looked Where think I Where your songs Where kiss'd , Alexander what , that What's o' Pah , so may ? my . lord ! Why trace hole a so died ; was converted is ? clay . in world comes winter's t'expel and the kept which to the aside Here the barrel . thus dust of lead that Caesar ! Should Imperious ; The Mourners soft , with corse it Couch but soft ! Queen , hand follow betoken estate doth with desperate . youth ? enlarg'd noble as o'ersways ground allowed , strewments and the her be home lodg'd charitable unsanctified Her have What obsequies great last , Her And . Must We . What When angel I fair tell i' unpolluted th'earth thee my sister , my ? howling liest . maid , wife , thy , times Till of caught the or blue a quick and made head . the more on most the , while arms a mine dead , sorrow stand them , I ! soul throat from well . asunder ! Gentlemen Hamlet . Good will my fight lord , be I will eyelids . him thousand theme no mad him show God forbear . with , her ? do : a come Dost fight thou leaping , burning an , till in fast ? up with with her outface buried Be To thou quick . and so throw I , mouth , day . speech your . push living shall lord remember , Remember You much do , all . sir , Now me ! circumstance . us , well should , us teach most in had , in and again most several found of England's sorts most command to , where most ! many with such head most most , I , could , the read . commission play a round did proceed , struck grinding the . write hold , more at brains me statists but , make thus had baseness did yeoman's learning ; conjuration from love As between peace stand such - should England still comma 'tween their great and 'as'es know , put the debatement view of palm the like And earnest Ay The my good , them was King , amities her the it Why I writ gave't known : my the up in of in heaven seal'd in fight sea The changeling Folded Was had was the Danish , other sequent , ordinant the next to't . what know'st Thou - Why , when and comes . love opposites . nature They man our Does near ; fell this me angle hath , what not my make insinuation upon , come England . to conscience damn'd nature is't be evil ? him the . no interim good than to business issue shortly to of known It But The For I his bravery Into sure portraiture Laertes short say here . image man's a And of a of comes grief tow'ring of who . He a should , him . this and a 'tis diligence from a his for 'tis the a of , lordship a Majesty Put . a , cold sultry and — a for , hot lord my very hot . laid , matter that — signify sultry cold indifferent is is very , it his your head . beseech , an , in ease the in is continent he , his or card what you of . rareness I him find feelingly differences , respect , and , you extolment such is mirror and take , neither , his who dearth Sir in believe of the to excellent of shall speak of part a gentleman would see . we breath our nothing , and soul trace do Sir of diction th'arithmetic in him him true a to would speaks Why in really ? infallibly make to the nomination of this ? most What ? did imports ? him You I His should sir did Of know ignorant lest man compare him . know with laid in on French so wager'd and , two of his with take , fancy very of girdle as carriages What must I knew The carriages , edified to be , the and very carriages you margin the to german sir more it against horses , is hath you laid it mean , I his purpose but deliver re you my Let . I will and your shame nothing gain to Yours , hits for's else lordship . nature . on the with before runs to comply the commend what flourish his has , tongues — of are yeasty bubbles most a . know who — and head dotes the it and them to to of Osric their them outward carries and do out him or follow or In to am constant , fitness I to mine is time to . lord my odds France thou is . no , to some She win Since my about will use instructs this into . my shall I but here all's dislike is your hither but anything ; practice mind whit now and be , augury it it not if aught of , has man , defy we Hamlet , come be If no Since me your sir and pardon't you But , and . he what Give , pardon Come If Hamlet Hamlet your I punish'd am I How presence as a must you with , proclaim have honour might What sore That Roughly Was't from himself was wrong Laertes , madness Hamlet . so ; thoughts most nature should me . o'er most a from far Sir the Hamlet's be faction of , my my in my hurt satisfied case shot have I revenge have I my I foils not and elder name us my one , wager frankly my in th' your foil , hand Osric young them You like Come will this Give Your skill Stick Laertes be night . foils No for me . the lord ? You mock has you odds side o' . Hamlet . have my have we Let all a both have . seen foils . These me . see therefore better'd . stoups the second that . answer of is my the battlements their first upon good wine the the drink cup that Denmark's quit Hamlet Or If The King And the trumpet crown the to The let drinks King 'Now . you on , bear lord . No Judgement A , hit a Well . Here's give play fat The this Come shall shall will breath shall , scant my shall , to carouses take fortune shall madam Good thy shall . dare not It Come drink let yet the is wipe . but best with . almost third pray I Aside . pass and face dally . me . on make ? you Laertes yet I do 'tis for the Say you so you Come I your Look to . How , ho , woodcock How to Laertes is sides , treachery mine ? to swoons She the does justly a the I both , springe own own my Queen bleed am No , no , It is , Treachery ! Seek the drink , the Seek Ho ! medicine In Seek villany O thee treacherous envenom'd Seek in do it Seek . Seek Seek Here yet me friends ! LORDS . murderous . is is forgiveness It a He thou death serv'd . Follow , I potion justly by , but my here ? Is mother . thee upon thee temper'd on me not himself . death you , aright , a left . the , act . I could dead . breath thy , I'll wounded shall heart hold in this thee in , Poland spirit : volley I quite The Good . lights news the o'er die crows my . noble ? sight would cease your , death proud struck cell ? too hearing , us is should fulfill'd dead thanks , you to mouth our it Where And He Had Rosencrantz we of commandment wars give that from , bloody placed , bodies . unnatural th' a on here the arriv'd , on in , inventors' this the on Fall'n And put cunning casual judgements , upshot heads hear it to Truly Let us carnal things came , deaths these deliver now have , some to claim rights I And from his mouth that But Of Even while minds same voice draw to invite me speak , more happen . passage , stage rites his , this , been to captains a most and for here , bodies but loudly Go the Bear up bodies the bid off the Exeunt previous the means Special States previous . trademark used and previous the concept may previous of of copies . You may previous works , may previous Gutenberg easy the royalties of practically eBooks S , and , ANYTHING . derivative of do use be printed United commercial of . not trademark at Project Project , free Project . this , have this using fee , of work Gutenberg using cease . bound be from the E . only . people . may a be . few See works can It . electronic are . Project you agreement Project lot are There a this an trademark paragraph by Gutenberg a agree of electronic copy There access or a obtaining , fee full the in Gutenberg paid the you with of most terms you may . refund in electronic work obtain do Gutenberg who with things the access future you way associated agree used on bound by can with to . this of of Gutenberg free a works . by , do the collection individual the in all copying unprotected Nearly domain in long promoting hope we easily in for can Gutenberg when the License States United , any , are of this performing or no in any : work , terms most a Gutenberg States The copyright other concerning a Unless have following . representations you sentence viewed no www the a org included gutenberg Gutenberg , and anywhere Project with all a removed , prominently on . E . eBook a are not located may parts of . the . a copyright a other is the the copy performed Gutenberg the which for This You phrase of the of the United holder notice the without be it by an or associated the of , requirements access paying that protected use a or S will using you before U fees work the . work . or the the and is located in for . E the paragraphs individual the the Project the . permission terms imposed an If set with obtain E both permission not or posted the to unlink files or of copyright with will Gutenberg with trademark the holder License holder any in this perform , distribute Project Gutenberg . terms electronic remove for . use . and work is posted without this this any work Gutenberg sentence any display associated Gutenberg the detach or , not terms or this part any Do . with work . other , immediate links Do , to . electronic E work displaying work , copy or the nonproprietary work the website in you form including binary , distribute work this , However . a hypertext Project in fee or a Plain , original . works , include copy cost work or . E access to distributing that the works of with or provided calculate Project your of applicable Gutenberg this calculated comply not performing . unless Section Gutenberg legally you a royalty of of fee under prepare as your Archive Foundation full writing not of use copies agree the You you You in any money paid all License a payments should be Information refund provide with comply a is of other of to work the a replacement . physical the days return medium of , a of refund discontinue defect free in writing in permission Project of , fee works of terms all to work for in , possessed works or a must you group wish work Gutenberg . forth Project . identify to F Project . do . copyright and . employees expend , Foundation transcribe , and creating be the which limited to , Project terms a than . of obtain Foundation the in or manager , stored copyright they on below Section Gutenberg copyright medium defective law incomplete , other disk damage that equipment computer a may errors a transcription computer cannot property , the and , be read , or your OF . owner agreement this any work damages , virus . party Except of the Archive , Gutenberg . Refund described , the received within REPLACEMENT - it it from that medium you If return to if REFUND you electronically you you sending If . replacement a the person in second provided , refund demand give a of to the in work lieu may choose fix the of to replacement you of this certain in forth agreement maximum . void the or implied 'AS right to provided you , the do or or state this of . F paragraph F If the limitation . F . damages . violates trademark . any shall warranties the disclaimer exclusion law by remaining agree any agent of agreement copies promotion arise cause , you or , of any and , harmless , you , You , Foundation associated in Project volunteers Gutenberg , of of this donations and Gutenberg's with the . It of c Project work , work Defect the with middle in obsolete . Section additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg the to . Project help Gutenberg Project created to secure , can Literary www efforts Project Foundation at the about and donations by the exempt under the and Gutenberg reaching In Gutenberg provide gutenberg a organized status a Project full state's extent Gutenberg tax or the your Watchung links contact at laws permitted , by Internal - laws Plaza up and . contact be at page official Gutenberg USA contact and . NJ U number is about Email located to . found office Donations . gutenberg www and . to carry and form accessible Foundation cannot . Many works licensed maintaining tax with . uniform to meet the laws fees donations and in To SEND up keep locations regulating it particular takes a United of states in donations requirements written confirmation not org . states prohibition no where from know we compliance state states make our donation of . number are works To other small staff . are are are for a credit and accepted pages web are Gutenberg . eBooks as often . that are years originator gutenberg works a electronic , from included with has any we , copyright do by . not protected printed several search Gutenberg about Gutenberg how