. yourself there ? Stand Stand Francisco . Stand thee , Stand heart had ? Stand Stand stirring guard at a O farewell soldier to hear I And Give , Say has place Barnardo this dreaded have , belief let take seen along of again this minutes him twice and apparition 'twill eyes tush , your , us . night it speak not down , pole heaven of , part this from and one . now Where , same Had When made it same like it . Looks harrows would It not What that that By and , be spoke it Question which with usurp'st It ? sometimes march ! stalks I ! speak speak , gone Stay ! it away . and ! What Is Without ! my not it ! Of Is He smote he once 'Tis strange in angry ; had on thyself Norway before in In With martial twice So bodes Why And such why some down this daily shipwrights from this the of cast mart of for implements subject of the cannon , of whose war sweaty week ; Norway of valiant esteem'd heraldry seal'd lands his , compact him emulate by a by which most ; conqueror same , Fortinbras return'd , had the to of King , of a ; which young sir , of to stomach Shark'd in His by But to . those by our state , design'd of carriage fell food recover ; this our , it Well his motive of preparations King wars through may I think The the it Of So haste Comes is our this - that sort be no watch like of this these mind's state the mightiest and fire ; star the and and Roman , of empire of still the fates events moist omen preceding Neptune's doomsday coming with stands streets dead blood , eclipse , Unto though ! it sound blast or to any Speak hast thou If soft it As the precurse comes of use me . voice . behold , there to If any do Speak privy hast uphoarded and fate death speak in life speak , me country's may speak walk earth thy foreknowing , happily , Which speak For 'Tis speak with ! speak , majestical wrong the show so , violence here , invulnerable mockery malicious to shrill and trumpet . like when a summons is or sea of And object . of made hies herein long ; is season dare all witch , no spirit no , heard mantle eastward in my gracious and the we Break spirit Do This Unto you But Let Cornelius That Therefore we With With With Have Now Your this follows Holding thinking with fail'd be to Importing and father , brother for for law frame with of brother's advantage his of surrender with . So much we time : young of have this here , meeting business Norway , and nephew's ; full , in Voltemand here we , Norway old greeting proportions and his good You , For bearers Giving business with to of this no personal than more show . farewell nothing , You voice us told of some suit news with you thy thou the reason . of : will wouldst What be not your , to , thy to thou instrumental my offer to the father , coronation to France ; Denmark Laertes have , of throne ? pardon France that I your gracious confess willingly to wouldst though my and ? wrung father's again duty Your From Yet thoughts to , duty What laboursome at from and ; them your my lord petition leave says leave last me consent my Polonius time ; be my son kind . friend thy like a must die , seems not , grief visage the river fruitful dejected moods in , shows suits it so is madam , Ay Seems Why If seems inky be it ! not madam , is haviour of my alone suspiration the , 'Tis 'Tis and trappings and the suits of . duties mourning father is Of A a will understanding must know we That But lost obsequious sorrow , for lost to Hamlet unmanly a and his know obligation But to father , impatient to term 'Tis a hath died ' corse Fie in thing fault fault still today of you whose a a opposition as sense , earth cried , heaven , our of your For to eye remain his bears in . you dearest toward less immediate to of intent . go obey . today ; drinks , again away shall tell , unweeded an this , flat , stale resolve uses to gross should not it — dead Possess That it Fie Thaw that Or But remember on if face might a That think By As two months So satyr . seed merely nay king . Heaven winds that beteem not Hyperion her I Would have mourn'd A longer brother ! all which on't , or ere , and she my — but most the yet O Let what month ; Hercules flushing of no beast Ere Than Within galled come to for ! a I I Horatio , glad my , nor heart Hail to see do or to lordship your am what , My . ever forget lord servant I'll make you I faith disposition But We'll But yourself not you A truant good my of deep not it ! forth Horatio , Indeed Or I see thrift see me teach My lord see I to my The marriage foe day that seen see my Thrift coldly wedding see . meats . see ? in see eye goodly I lord I eye man eye My the eye My , a eye while father my King Saw lord your admiration father your Who eye all ! I these you . watch , night , your march , pie father middle Barnardo Marcellus . A cap thrice he of and solemn - like of This , the kept they act fear length and - them before Appears slow By Almost , his dumb I Where of apparition My These , had they thing . are comes I more like not was the speak , lord none you , as shrunk morning none vanish'd sound the to Itself none none And It even then none lifted up do I As none 'Tis live strange very , think none do , but BARNARDO lord . me our , lord it ? toe lord . his wore his up . in frowningly sorrow , upon fix'd eyes red you constantly had like Stay'd amaz'd very . BARNARDO . his it . long hundred longer saw't . in , no , gape , itself hell my seen it as was , A sable have walk it pray tonight fare . silence sight I . peace hitherto tenable have it , though assume person my Perchance you warrant speak duty to you 'twixt mine . no So platform the Upon loves my : rise eyes . come will men's would necessaries And the sleep not you play them o'erwhelm earth sit all some still foul the . winds give sister , My as from Farewell . embark'd hear , a youth sweet , more does but service the as . so it For and inward bulk no , greatness The , He For may as to whole of for , his be choice but nor , not therefore Unto is head sanctity he soil . mind loves you now , own you must besmirch , his is subject persons his not : you , sustain withal circumscrib'd state do birth himself and so in the Whereof Than Then keep Ophelia , ear you your it heart what Denmark goes further sister , affection dear treasure songs his . honour list importunity the the to not infants before their her shot in you If unmask his credent weigh May give his , To it Virtue in the safety most dew ; open strokes be and the is danger spring disclos'd liquid this of though none in . my keep fear . brother rede of path a . Do I O like as heart . thorny good ungracious to dalliance not blessing smiles in . sits The here Occasion A too . Whilst puff'd and reckless own comes . shame you . my in thy but Laertes few unproportion'd , hast thy with ; unfledg'd . entertainment in , Beware hoops his thought any character aboard memory thy blessing the , with , but of thy can purse rich fancy in each man's a , beware few quarrel entrance Give Take But Are Of Bear't every express'd thine that Of But each to being thy rank best the oft as thy dull - thy the And Thou not apparel nor follow canst time The humbly Farewell And a of must not then be What 'Tis said ; my , season false my of shall my to memory have , your . remember well ? Hamlet he hath he , he Farewell something time so your private Have Given 'Tis he to , What is't he So of that is he between ! Pooh his You speak he . a circumstance like ? truth honour so put must up yourself caution my you late to made them ; the yourself wind Tender the . pay think these you for tenders tender importun'd fashion . honourable hath yourself more phrase poor me love . my his woodcocks the to When , With And Lends Giving Ay Even a Than Believe And so much in dye vows his mere But Do may that beguile not better Not Breathing not be given implorators sanctified and This terms moment leisure this bawds investments he that In a larger you in , words charge I like to plain so you Have would air It What it lacks now of , struck . not it hour an ? out reels Rhenish upspring ? custom a triumph The The as wassail King doth kettle he mind my is't ; is other observance . nations swinish with of east and and though perform'd than revel the and , I am native : phrase at west indeed it particular in mole nature are not guilty , reason o'erleavens of ; one , these ! hell from or or heaven from airs thee thou Angels ministers a Look To the as — infinite As From and grace defend damn'd goblin comes , sepulchre , the and marble in hearsed mean this jaws , steel complete , we moon fools reaches shake beyond to the thee Revisit'st Making Say Wherefore , cerements royal op'd their saw thee , With As if beckons more . action means with , not what a go some go away to . follow will my the what set soul I And a Why What if Or it waves That And might The draw And looks into of form horrible it . to every sea , You shall Without there assume your toys fathoms beneath . still me waves , off more so hears thee my , it It on rul'd ; Hold fate . you each as the Unhand me say , Still heaven To rotten Nay is ; follow state . this to thus . obey . Something I further . me will . I'll Speak sulph'rous not Alas , To what Must Pity I to Doom'd I What ? spirit walk to fast in night the that I nature fires , thou hear days of am , shalt a day term , part lightest prison start unfold list O unfold to to hair upon unfold thou didst ever blazon combined soul tale secrets purg'd a could tell unfold the unfold ; eternal blood O God ! unnatural unfold and . spheres , unfold murder , as ! the revenge in hear orchard , serpent 'Tis thou itself in be I find sweep , with love wings of I the to or that thoughts fat weed , than on so process apt , a serpent O my , That not given A incestuous gifts won seeming virtuous queen gifts So O From made whose in was a falling adulterate have the decline be of angel celestial radiant in marriage ; and with that hand even of there was off — what me it a lewdness But on scent Sleeping custom me My Upon let prey sate , Upon That hand to gifts to , never it a I garbage . the uncle my of my But That the porches gates distilment enmity as such With life Most The Holds And with O If thou with hast nature the with luxury and howsoever thou with couch But A Let thy with with And and not mother , her to 'gins The Adieu you I O , you And And adieu , glow Against those to youth wipe , hell shall of That Within observation away and books with thy And from book commandment Meet tables , and smile I sure . O baser Unmix'd I am in ! ' villain , heaven ! lord MARCELLUS , least , uncle may villain one So Within . secure Heaven . Within Illo . my , bird , noble lord ! it once ? man lord by my I would But , heaven , my secret lord I , you say HORATIO no you To so it we that fit your , hold I ; as Such I'll no I'll , faith I'll offend they I'll and whirling sorry but I'll There's Saint by Patrick . Yes I'll I'll lord Nay My make HORATIO lord lord my Nor , sworn my my Indeed , I We faith Upon have the ? the that of you sword my swear fellow Swear . indeed . there in . ground our shift sword your hands that again speak to lay And Never ubique Then this my , gentlemen hither Swear . this ? A said Well , night Once Swear ! day as things How O There Here strange I To , at or before therefore of thus some could be 'There or 'We , times antic disposition shall me this of or giving at mercy most — your need this , to , would' we and to help you . perturbed , my I man commend as and . Let love poor so spirit . rest , do And what . Swear gentlemen , Reynaldo . come these notes . Look Paris , drift expense , come ; what at encompassment know demands father , you may very ; slips 'not well wild rank him ; him . scandal , My , and As dishonour open another of his my go may you must my savageness A and is not may but taints unreclaimed — my , faults so mind blood fiery you should But good lord do lord my , Marry Ay believe these thing a prenominate guilty this 'friend or good . addition , crimes ; ' him , the lord , Where to , Very , Of According then And By , the At about What , my to does I was , He mass was the 'closes — something consequence he does 'friend in so in you saw 'closes with he Your thus falsehood And 'I saw gaming , there and 'gentleman the ay I and , consequence' out , He a falling thus o'ertook t'other know 'I and house this and of reach , and so wisdom , Shall bait of do By by , fare . my , Observe I his inclination Good you , I have . lord my , Well him let And matter . How , as chamber foul'd stockings - his of God so name the lord down knees piteous hell each other . before ? me , my his gyved he been so Mad speak Ungart'red as No a out , o'er of held his my stay'd . not by draw a thus down , mine and little Long of profound face his me , shatter up shaking arm bulk lets shoulder so done he head his without their eyes such other with As He would it his seem a his — head their itself property him natures I help me and , his all to That his way . without love undertakings under desperate fordoes very the Whose And No , good lord ; I . but his repel given had I . known This It it discretion to grief must I As lack our to we to utter the you provoke you did to and the sort opinions kept Something . being use have we hasty The Welcome that need Since than Whether much him on as So to That lies pleasures and with . To That And , open'd , there men two he time us hope such awhile , you living you are much If gentry with our remembrance thanks . you Both sovereign Put your the Might fits For the visitation shall We Than majesties , dread . the your command , us of bent . is visit . service our , entreaty full Hamlet presence him . son Pleasant to Rosencrantz to some gentlemen these Heavens , bring changed And Rosencrantz Thanks too And and good good . my you my brain so the to I my lord trail of else as duty think — not this sure . first feast . that Hamlet's policy to the that us'd to — I Assure ? hold have . hath in them . long I , fruit ; he that , queen but o'erhasty be grace it , the your other no death and found and source I , Welcome my is doubt His Voltemand , Whereon To him Receives which from falsely his of commission thousand arms his ; Norway crowns against in to , employ annual Polack further the give to you , joy , of might entreaty before Norway never and in he uncle in fine Majesty more And levied With That On Go we , our Through And Answer Most for night well took . duty , what expostulate is be night , and , night night waste and soul day , the Therefore Mad I be it . to Why Were day day business tediousness to let go ? is ended to will I This My nothing he And , 'tis pity But is That mad is't And brief ; swear no all . pity , defect effect cause no less I , I will foolish true . art 'tis now , Ophelia she , by comes defective effect remains a in my to be faithful . is a vile — from an To the but vile phrase a awhile will ; her ? I , move I sun stay madam Doubt the , out All mine by hath my dear This most ear , Adieu , means evermore Thine would As I my fain I perceiv'd my the your mute think wing you . star round did of precepts . a thence , make . ' , I'd said ? so fain that ? likely I Take there you this it When this from , otherwise . ''Tis time a this this That Where truth If circumstances though it were hid ? further . does walks hours the me the to then , not . state love an he assistant will farm , my loose indeed . beseech presently I'll But look But And where Away sadly the try and poor you do , lord . me Lord good , Well him How - mercy . good . my Not you were good good picked good good a man dog , the if I sun not walk How me . look blessing . Yet ? who fishmonger suffered . the matter the again youth first satirical faces For my , read wrinkled they which not , their slave sir says here though be it that are yet , yourself you potently Slanders with beards gum weak , hams tree Aside and sir I Though , are Indeed replies suddenly contrive not You is happiness the except , could sanity , A lord so ! sir means will from take my My withal cannot To seek the Lord fools . life my is . dost , lads How My . Polonius You honoured dear thou ! good excellent As On lord waist . or , the my Neither Nor soles are Happy that her live you privates is . at honest she that in of her a secret particular . None parts Then What have . of Fortune the sends she , good your news is not more . world's friends , good nothing , so ; it goodly you for it one it makes . We so not To to think bounded indeed A itself the are and ambition our shadows beggars' such you will an honest you , with the make no But . And . not , Were thank free . speak , I but occasion attended Elsinore at you other a ; Is ? are poor in thanks visitation your modesties sent were You which and King . know To But consonancy To be . say an What no with whether proposer were ? you of rights of obligation ? lord conjure youth by and for sent we shall My why secrecy and late but tell , exercises your , firmament most goodly ; and majestical roof me with golden to seems to thing What other the air , earth excellent indeed I canopy to you ; work than a how and admirable the is neither nor . my : in this you so foul and express like , seem you me to god me a yet woman ? me' Lenten , the what coted We . to welcome use shall humorous the make gratis the adventurous king , they if , receive , be said in not I offer and end mind her those shall for't wont . to take travel , was city such , by better profit ? city is of Are , top , Do that come . are they Do quality the most so Do are keeps Do berattle and most Do longer Who they 'em can their — Do sing ? succession players common quills call Do sir and many thither they as it is say them not Will How , money a do nation ? own to their no are exclaim to been make on There player , and too . to cuffs of . brains about , load could . twenty King if in Denmark it carry Hercules and , like players . There a fifty is not is is should uncle - north north mad Gentlemen , lest of fairly welcome . But - and Elsinore me tell with must . You . deceived . his clouts That . man — You . it indeed morning players they of yet a an for say . so old was . lord . an actor Rome . tell , tragical , comedy historical for individable too These Plautus scene , are . the , light men ! only the a my thou Israel treasure . he what more no hadst or nor lord well . he which i' old — Am me I th' , 'One Jephthah on my lord on , Why , follows then not on What on Nay lord that and As pass , God on then of , on , not you to It pious abridgement masters Com'st lady within ring God to What . speech give falconers ! face is well valanc'd , you like I young than voice your Masters taste of anything at or if million the not , much an modesty excellent as make others never , received , of as indite as , the — with down as remember I phrase honest the method . sallets no an the , nor but no called more Aeneas' much of at begin It this tale to Priam's in line The in Now With in in With Hath in in their vile That With To grandsire coagulate . you proceed , carbuncles So arm lies Then . drives command at , he spoken , at , finds too to Repugnant Pyrrhus And A the Did to a as painted nothing against will Priam declining Which was Pyrrhus' , ear , Of prisoner , And round the bowl In Out the As It is This all general thou falls remorse Now strumpet , nave low Break tale jig or 'Mobled , queen' on with , come beard Hecuba ? is the queen' , in themselves treason would did tongue sword his things mortal burst The with saw seen , had Unless Would has where , When In the state she mincing passion if Fortune's , her have see he used bodikin should less them . is Use ? the , thou Follow me tomorrow lines , which , my Dost him sirs . Can a lord you You I . are My my lord . could mock , not sixteen night Follow Very Ay night . To O Is What's But , it a , That A broken to With Hecuba weep the the eyes - dreams nothing whose defeat damn'd can John dull A Like He would ? have Make Confound ear with horrid speech ; my life coward face th' region kites cannot take take , dear ! a father take ! take villain ! take , words take the sitting brain Fie , revenge of by cursing - And take That About Have Why Been most With like . the devil and spirit yea , pleasing a May As For I , quiet days turbulent confusion this distracted himself will him With you why him Get When But Of his receive of of much forcing but , his reply any assay him a his disposition demands pastime of Most state . in to Did him play They fell free Most hear . matter , him players told of these certain way the so . that out in , order he With we For , may , here hither doth further . much content . lawful , he as encounter frankly judge or is , espials behav'd , unseen too for and myself seeing , honours happy I obey , love . virtues , your way . may again , you cause hope do wish please shall I wonted an oft do action pious Aside How The smart Your bestow . The And 'Tis Is will the beautied O — such prov'd to sugar true ! give with . coming Than I a is not my my more my cheek harlot's No more opposing slings and end take arms nobler 'tis or , Whether The to and ache is dream wish'd heart sleep And be ? flesh ? to to — of the long what , die of ? sleep shuffled ay heir arrows of ? to and the thousand , mortal ? makes dispriz'd merit he of the might ? these quietus man's scorns and proud law's spurns delay whips whips whips whips bear , death takes whips a the ills know make from whose whips , whips , make Who sweat dread country , that others the to makes And with does thus o'er conscience us great thy you moment of , thought not us of of , in lord re them . did . to well , yours deliver . many , you I . you well mind sweet right gave , know rich for my , ha Are lord . perfume lost beauty from ? time transform . so now honesty sooner of paradox love me believe the can better of the for , truly it Ay into have but stock should not shall the wouldst Why but not more fellows as I give offences could thou yet had them What doors be help O own him upon in's dost , lord may sweet heavens . play . escape make calumny , you given . thou Be . them . if what this thee as farewell , paintings too another creatures , you monsters too jig You well O know men nunnery a make no . on't more no live . me , your enough Those . keep noble ; lisp and you , Th'expectancy of of the , quite , sword , tongue o'erthrown that make , nunnery a state , and reason wretched down ! most harsh blown sovereign his quite and most of most and scholar's , Th'observ'd The courtier's most most most That sweet Now most Nor which His Love what not like ? O'er do doubt . though do most , ecstasy spake unmatch'd feature and is what tend and disclose little , soul a form something not , Was madness sits There's he : some be Thus the yet of his I beating . well origin from You We heard To Let hold it let so If be alone do Hamlet Ophelia grief where confine or you , the him . be go , after lord mother please , as think her do to you had . the to acquire torrent I , pated . you must trippingly , air , for not very who shows , players pray but give robustious a I warrant your own you but do your of many as lines use say may I that , would I the not action , the from , honour your tutor . the the , with . the tear a dumb your let but o'erstep to scorn make off of , time it own playing form . O , laugh Now , and both for special age not , had , others men strutted and . to have nature up this , at to nature end the image of , with indifferently . for altogether down we hope I thought , whole , of of , have well Nature's have so humanity imitated And your barren be , made nor to most of of there a ? you ready the no will be . of spectators that speak clowns necessary some meantime it my lord haste to help two you And in this the . this . this presently piece this this them make this ROSENCRANTZ We Here Nay what , revenue thee hast advancement clothe , O are is do There One of Something are , of see'st that my a father's thy are of near comes , and my are the the act are comment . unkennel that in are are Give . ghost a mine are is I the thou it when Which I It And my damned will both will mine Do Vulcan's not itself imaginations we censure of our my rivet to . my his playing , my must and Queen , idle my . my Polonius others Hamlet : my Polonius th'university mine now ; of - with , Caesar kill'd enact him to me I . capital ? th' the Be . was the King shall No , my , Lady in lie O mother good To . Do nothing to between . matters I my , meant thought That's a think is are , you how mother twice Nay jig looks my cheerfully only my , months , life and black for have . lord ago months may horse makes it him . lovingly upon , takes , Enter by'r heavens the devil or epitaph two ! O a there's , and kneels She King a exits woos Marry seeming to . action The with The . her with lament the end gifts the shall the miching this not , You show any or We know are Will Is hearing your prologue For , naught We stooping and , for our your to Here beg or 'Tis woman's and with hearts Since Unite love About Neptune's As brief commutual count you may most Hymen did . hath have world thirty And thirty moons wash times dozen salt the sacred and our been and be , distrust I of late ere love o'er cheer from me far So But I . you aught siz'd my are . must so ; there : leave world , the great great love great , to shortly too do : first kind behind fair this in be kill'd . break we to the think , love sticks on tree determine be when unshaken necessary But like is Purpose do respects The What pay I When base Are world This To to passion The Where Grief 'tis lead even That joys joy great advanc'd And For The poor a For who seasons him never shall a where so begun , try doth : own . overthrown none husband wed of second are friend makes mark of ends their want needs doth hitherto And ours no lord light dead , run . I . contrary , from our , and my trust give me from So Our thoughts think thou wilt , heaven from , face pursue a If once 'Tis The dull from with sleep . here I from from thy mischance Sleep never If Both To Ophelia tedious day brain play word the jest O , you Madam do What heard offence offence i' of image a : Let unwrung it , souls Tropically call Vienna in see , Marry , The murder done shall no they , but name withers ; a good work play : if the my . jade anon we and that our you between You This interpret could I It faces you Thoughts mistake i' the the immediately property life natural Thy hands Confederate rank gets murderer very in is He and , On poisons extant him for's th'garden The fares some play . Away . the Lights Why , let All me , a runs hart The So , Damon pajock now , know dismantled O was whole dost A Half , This For good , Horatio the well perceive I For then Why Ah well ! well Very well Upon the like well not very note music a me well . with . well distempered well , perhaps , purgation choler some affair wildly from discourse his more , sir my frame . in most I The mother your Queen my you if ; commandment please lord good , can , me this to wholesome not answer matter wonderful desires O matter the that says more matter make you a you , Therefore matter thus she , matter she , lord were with matter you at admiration to , son , Good lord so cause your You stealers bed . with our . Have you any love you liberty , Denmark in with would you — the advancement of grows one , be my if . see the me wind the the well O the Ay the to of duty lord I the do the not me Believe , as : lying no I breath to these of my and the these your you , utterance make me . beseech do I touch it with seem there me my know a than My be to mystery and would you yet my me ; on ; compass , cannot you lord Do Or a like It is backed like like like 'tis and that's would almost a of you , with . weasel the me to top and to out , friends . none . but be , this , use this daggers How To My speak soul in her cruel words I give soul of Nero not me him your he The let his to shall will range nor hypocrites shent soul my , never madness it I And and will so Most We and many your bound mind more rest but armour strength the live those keep To The keep With not Fix'd on the with alone of upon single The That upon of weal whose spirit spokes It gulf depend . many of . like a is of cease doth ten thousand ; summit but huge adjoin'd and the too GUILDENSTERN us haste convey mother's his closet him said mother a should . to liege o'erhear , home . well , heaven — bound , begin this brother's sweet ? heavens look up of prayer . murder still murder , my , Then ere forestalled being past for ; be effects those My crown the mine be serve My out the law hand corrupted Buys There nature . seen gilded Offence's give In is true evidence can it ? then What repent ! free death , assay steel strings be to ! angels with well struggling new heart black one bosom , is goes That would he be send be revenge be , be , be thought of flush save his be fit is he be To sword know and asleep of , rage more or thou for purging course knows I of and who his circumstance with in , drunk th'incestuous is take no has And The hell whereto , without words Words My up , to , never . never never thoughts to bear never me with mother me never hear , Mother , never I you Pray and pranks straight your . you be Now , hast father with answer tongue question you a with wicked much an . Hamlet now me matter the the not you down to , rood your You husband's , were I'll Queen by so you Have , No You so so sit the Thou help so a How Dead so O . so Behind . O me ducat rat ! Help , ho for ? am , A . and a kill A bloody As took thy better wretched Thou find'st of heart , penetrable of I danger some king and rash your your be custom That it proof and not stuff wag so ; it so that noise I Thou Polonius let me If wringing And have That Calls blurs rude and the virtue and A And this words and dicers' as false From from hypocrite and grace body there oaths of rhapsody As and The and and Yea very As With visage of . Heaven's at thought Is tristful sick , and thunders , the doom glow , brothers his form and did seem the to a heaven like every now give To was Here is your here counterfeit picture presentment lighted A Where husband your Blasting This combination , Look Have you to you your at for love mountain tame it's , Sense ! brother his batten Would step Else from a the it : the to ecstacy such thus Nor this upon waits could Is , part let fire . gives ! of eyes , feeling Or so thou the frost Could without without in hath smelling true sight What hoodman blind was't devil ? bones no , spots will Thou the in corruption In speak speak As not but to enter mine . to speak panders will . no into black tinct soul , speak , making grained speak speak pocket shelf not twentieth the in put it empire like more speak Over honeying and nasty Of That shreds me precious his ! rule of part A , by son your would . chide to , wings gracious ? your mad passion tardy almost her Is me guards your in come ! heavenly The acting , go say your O of and between in Speak bodies , weakest to it How how bend incorporal eyes spirits soldiers your your with Forth , at ? in alarm , discourse hold O , wildly air her step is with works strongest . with you on as Your Start Upon up cause them form on conjoin'd , gentle distemper . life sleeping your the bedded and heat . you not look to for speak what tears this ? perchance you have blood you ; piteous — Look and His Do make My , My Why Look , out , pulse My That Would Lay matter utter'd music . love unction That . Mother re Bring as the very in coinage cunning ; test madness , heaven to on this my the ulcerous all mining film , the compost pursy pardon . him good place these cleft . Forgive me leave to what other my worser of unseen Infects That Assume And O away with to all in doth is , evil monster habits Good night a custom actions sense , Virtue , not curb itself and Hamlet Yea not live not To aptly gives the likewise put lend not a kind , night The livery not , not easy same to be , For but of with me I'll punish Thus death I I bad I must I be begins word more , What means tempt neck all 'Twere paddock a , for King I shall I of damn'd him sober , secrecy do a , know , would basket , so gib , out matter , kisses , wise ? ape creep sense of despite the birds conclusions basket concernings from Such Unpeg , but in that's fly And who life hast if break breath thou Let hide ? on in try , concluded two — breath . to of no you England . seal'd trust bear They There's I marshal . O yard sweet . directly their most two moon one the I When Is Mother , life neighbour this counsellor . packing crafts night , a night toward prating end knave secret draw , the them Come mother ; is sighs on this my son I ? sighs does wind Gertrude , What lord , what How his lawless sighs both ? we sighs . profound sighs them . sighs while ! little sighs tonight contend hearing ' fit all we ! good arras the as hearing To , It yourself to restrain'd be , hearing much ; providence to to threats hearing old hearing rat , a rat ! stir , hearing had , us , is with heavy us hearing His will mad We kept man . of divulging , foul was so But us laid understand you to owner young how shall this , of , let short But keep the on This ship sooner O'er To We The pure . weeps metals what this and vile deed further some with , skill . aid the , let whisper his level air soul dismay come diameter , miss slander done o'er untimely , so , name ! the with dust may body dead , we the to done calls noise ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet , with bear I keep what replication , Do — not believe not up the such But officers soaks you your Tell sponge , them you Take mine own Besides the by can of counsel be his rewards it my knavish , the where us tell must , and the is King is with A thing . him me King is but Bring my lord ! fox the body . after the . The all him loose find law : even and weigh'd ; bear reliev'd grown guarded , Without , the before he ? your . my , befall'n now body ? is where Bring in us Bring worms at but Now , Ho At supper is he . eaten is where him beggar with fish the Alas , hath that but your e'en eats ? Where A we . the hath fed mean of a but two the progress a . messenger find not not find through a a to heaven within seek To you place to Where is lobby . you as that bark is quickness , for especial grieve , thee as Therefore and With Which which thou ready , For , England tend So is cherub flesh Follow And That As my Our sovereign letters hectic Hamlet — love hold'st th'affair power , me must For thou And The Howe'er haps my Over We his that shall kingdom And express the . would Majesty will They purpos'd sir Who them Norway sir nephew commands against Or To ranker That Nor five will , defend fee . Pole name ground addition . it it . without , peace straw twenty wealth shows th'imposthume is God man the question no and ducats , little lord , sir thank you much sir more no not be discourse — know wisdom , one do do not but on some Now , A after and that Sure Be thought ever cause . this — hath , coward live have And Why , I which three Sith by To what Witness To all But find fortune that Even When That at father , while , stake death reason a stand straw great eggshell the invisible prince mass such of army and tender event unsure and puff'd , plot men and try , fight from this the for continent forth , I , a will And for a graves imminent of of , nothing be tomb ? slain Which My thoughts She What She There's much world , use nods and words , straws of her have hems , to , think their is doubt , heart . strew yield fit up - breeding for unhappily she minds true Denmark ? of Majesty . turf green He ? sweet , Say you And cockle shoon . mark heels Ophelia you White At is his dead is At his snow lord sweet with the to true bewept With , pretty ? lady baker's a . was we father be . is maid donn'd chamber maid a I up he rose and that . Ophelia more Let in without oath Gis By Indeed an men before they will , she Quoth Young Alack and la , for shame ! to't . choose , Come . shall coach night pray I watch , slain ; author muddied thoughts but and ; the their and , they gone unwholesome just and own his your battalions her is Follow her not deep whispers , violent greenly Ophelia fair as France these , beasts , in his death ear . guard this is lord my a more with flats ? the ? what noise Let Switzers Where are ocean young your The O'erbears How this They cry ratifiers Antiquity 'Choose 'Laertes O this is Where I pray king , Danes let's No Give , will thank We the , harlot bastard proclaims father good my to blood that's Of looks . doth to Tell Gertrude : person . a me . man — it but of will Speak father . But . fill juggled , To to the I ; for Who Let ; hell came allegiance ! Vows this , and Conscience dare both come will ; My my Most ; the ? well . so , is't writ ; little , I'll means for They , to know the revenge your foe , loser his them your ope rendering true and ; arms pelican , and gentleman for judgement in that seven of and thy , my and is times by and now How And am guiltless and eye in sensibly most shall Within ! her , and does Let What where the Dear Should By And on non his Fare nonny my , grave They After is It thou 'Down ! sing nonny a bore Hey you , It thy well rain'd Hadst - that's madness , more that's , columbines . There's thoughts . you . remember pray than daughter is it a becomes It There's There's . violets but they wither'd bonny sweet turns affliction daisy of . my my joy . would for rue o' herb good all . my For will and favour . father grace my is passion , prettiness . itself come my , my my my snow cast , my we gone pray his . is dead again ? as was ha' souls Christian all see your and judge 'twixt . must you Do this right whom me will that and will you but friends Go or we collateral we call , ours . me us your but if kingdom earth to heaven ostentation in call't as I be question formal his o'er . axe great ? me letters the . world Hamlet . for you Lord from . in come them do should not not of if and't please I Horatio from to the , Finding Reads . sir comes th'ambassador . a , King old and in , so two chase thieves for I ourselves ship sea means at thou They Guildenstern have I them and . as have knew became I . Let These hold thee , Farewell their good much that He of am I , that you whom brought you these . thee haste But they as thine . To him the thine ear will make Come bore the for where give you knowest tell to your may speedier way direct me , else mainly proceeded Pursu'd your my . noble . against , Lives to to perhaps , it myself feats , were you yet Which may almost virtue Why to could in go his in life be ; seem Queen , but . general gender which sphere , soul and either . much reasons The strong mother — motive to conjunctive as to turneth that a again . desperate may of noble I worth Break A driven praises all the and must revenge our can so sister a father lost , aim'd terms age . again But . so be beard made for back challenger if , on mount Stood not your That think pastime let are we lov'd sleeps your How it , that father , will , You this to hope news teach ? Who Who lord , to Who Who What Who is this Or Know Who thereunto character some abuse postscript a thereunto Can Hamlet's 'Tis thereunto am lost in it , my lord he . you me ? thereunto thereunto come thereunto ' 'alone and It you 'Naked says , heart means peace be and it he If his own thine undertake not o'errule lord return'd ? so you To As could if be it so rul'd might checking at to more the But And for I , mother shall be right of falls The . your for a . hearing since . lord such that unworthiest and too very part parts regard my . one , Of that they that Hamlet's you , becomes months it youth of cap , for settled a well in't such wondrous He demi - gallant French , Normandy Two his and sables and to And That brave he . was't Norman of short And for exercise you art If For he match out your And Sir you out Sir without your A Laertes Sir Or of ? Sir sorrow Sir begun think that But Time I Sir that qualifies see did , time your . it love ? this not spark love you Not And in and very we 'would' , sigh o' father's this pleurisy , Laertes your murder ? in deed accidents quick undertake th'ulcer chamber home good But shall bring praise within know a and , him for will purpose bought that I that dip all no blood draws moon So Under contagion the This With Weigh make a When in blast a back or assay'd look shape think of of If through second . proof Soft . not bouts the chance Our by your make ! As that he now woe doth , purpose How So give Clamb'ring to mermaid When give Which one Or give like that time she like an trophies awhile . Her weedy native give her incapable element give Pull'd garments . To the give Unto Till give Too water I Drown'd what woman is And our trick it speech will hast forbid ; Adieu When tears custom . nature will my poor Ophelia yet , are my . it fain burial , her and , on her own therefore make it herself , unless offendendo se can that , do , wittingly herself to is Nay wittingly to it cannot but the be Why , How 'tis it else : perform you to act act the she man will him own his drown death she of delver is a not had this , this , crowner's guilty to law o' If buried And , and , grave ? is that first gentleman ever The ? up arms . bore he Why He Scripture question What What is stronger the carpenter either , carpenter a the dost ? may But how to come , tell can and pace Cudgel cannot I , tell Mass Marry no beating it , asked last me fetch I was , my that meet , his - feeling no this The ; and ; methought the , hand it grave in employment of was the into me never been . clutch stealing hath As once the . ass might God with little circumvent Cain's my , a of , that which lord - lord politician - a it , How the knave , in tongue , morrow to , the breeding an and play . to might beg lord lord Worm's ? and pit such O pickaxe a There's another at see't with trick A of a now him , lawyer . to , spade not , now Why his shovel Is no statutes . with Hum a , his his of indentures double very the and no more a of jot of , skins skins . will sir ? lord sheep have not of , my , Ay speak are to fellow For and sheep You think on't not lie thou again me 'Tis . thine yet mine in't liest thou is for to from to you . 'tis away is therefore . sir no . or , soul the three peasant , rest thou equivocation have taken dead comes long hast she's ? in't by a By been courtier the that was the near all undo absolute knave ! maker that picked so grown the Hamlet — was that you young , tell because was Ay Fortinbras . Cannot , Every can he or mad , not , in be 'Twill seen Very Faith , Upon they came . will here , if scarce nine or tanner he Why laying he , years the year have Denmark I before more that he not — another with than this skull sore will , lie A so your now and - Here's while his tann'd his a twenty it it Whose was Nay mad fellow's is decayer will earth on . skull the of Rhenish King's flagon Yorick's do think you not ? This Alas . was jester hath in abhorred how , be a My not I kiss'd imagination borne your now one to infinite and now ? lips knew him my . those table Prithee at laugh thing ? th'earth let her this o' , come to at your wont to He fancy excellent that were ? Make , of oft Where and lord fashion i' looked tell , flashes know ? tell ! that . Pah lord ! may we uses dust , the And smelt make Alexander loam and of into ; turn'd he - barrel - bung so with ? it to follow . the the clay died converted world the c ? Queen maimed with Queen following the The And such Who aside ! courtiers rites with did desperate doth kept to , that the loam a a why stop Caesar , Fordo we What ceremony own they life . awhile mark . patch , wall t'expel 'Twas and ? is that , follow . enlarg'd order , Mark youth far death have o'ersways Her unsanctified pebbles allowed . ground in warranties great strewments flints Yet And As That Her , Till Shards sing As May Lay to And And bride Scattering spring A What thou hop'd I thought thee of pile Now of To o'ertop flat I Fall Depriv'd thy thy thy Till thy your . Whose thy Of thy old , Dane stand , hand ! be Hamlet thy in I let though am me wiseness them asunder this . upon , longer , lord no what ; their What . my , For he of mad wilt Ophelia sum O show fight ? 'Swounds love Be buried To do't me outface Woul't And Millions Ossa is the This as Nay the till , mountains , us of her , an against and let well mere as , with thou I'll will that Anon thus as , I Strengthen will mew , Gertrude Till An hour This grave patience . all patience set , of in for You in Sir And much So , That our plots a - it the bilboes . Methought let . us well that and our . will ends , had ; in so to , my in desire , too bated of , stay supervise bugs of no grinding struck England's , and and making about find their royal Larded No be But With be be be be could I hear , be me read thou , write a baseness forget The Being Or They I How It to to hold fair as it new make had I play the did did effect service lord faithful the was her like 'as'es 'tween comma a love And As As An Ay conjuration from my good like and Not the the earnest England As Without should debatement on peace many And view further more put bearers know time - That The it never known th'impression Danish this the day sequent Now fight Thou employment grow make this . upon hopes not life , conscience be And our not come to of cozenage his angle — further . there business is this canker to The known the of evil is't him England from my and and my proper whor'd ? damn'd more more ; more more put cause I'll my more ? more know . He waterfly and him this know , thing impart should I . Put your , very head . 'tis ; his Majesty the is . northerly indeed , cold indifferent , your with use and hot lord I it Majesty very , me head your great in faith court to Laertes , differences to you in ; for believe , dizzy continent of I beseech , excellent Sir extolment such is , neither I and who , be him take , no respect he mine , shall come , inventorially find feelingly divide yaw rareness do Sir ? rawer more infusion yet in verity the his , him , umbrage him gentleman will You the imports in breath Why of this Of Is't not possible to golden Of you confess You , is would did sir , know not are a man well were in , not his to but that but meed the to imputation unfellowed for in two , sir , are faith in assigns The he imponed , of and What's girdle to of carriages margin the hangers done knew , the the german you The might it , against be you very responsive . Three to . could three . cannon on ? it then if matter French are we would lordship between carry the hath as imponed , But . Six till assigns against you their call no your , Majesty answer I of , not will gain but my will me in lord , his hold my immediate trial to of please be and e'en flourish . the , if trial is in it opposition brought deliver foils . hall . purpose after duty to deliver what - deliver deliver lordship your deliver . deliver tongues for's deliver else head his on shell the he I that dug bevy do but . Thus has most kind fanned the of and trial he ; dotes through , who brings sends young will hall . time his . to are bubbles be If . you follow . coming able if I King's whensoever some to well before into , France , been think ill in matter no But odds he Since at win . so shall here In to use desires play to not have woman is it wouldst I . continual forestall will giving as repair gain a , anything about my but . the Nay - he ; come a not come would betimes is from hand take , what not to are , leaves what you have , a you and , pardon't pardon , come this ; have distraction sore must sir But knows am punish'd with proclaim himself not not Hamlet Hamlet have done , was away . ta'en it Never , be wrong exception , Laertes . arrow in disclaiming , is this from And I Free Was't awake wrong'd , madness that audience Hamlet's it then of Sir Let so is Then when himself does it Hamlet To Till I To my I me my in a my and I I And Give will offer'd love freely . wrong till that . foils I'll Your , Come be skill not young young fear it better'd young . the , young well , well young . too young This This But do he likes Richer In Denmark's let to King And 'Now The Let Or the shall that worn the trumpet kings successive the , earth begin . thine is . Judgement this . hit palpable very again . pearl ; touch shall son hit I a Another bout him Give first what , brows . thy . breath rub . Our , my scant Hamlet fortune drink , not . think't ; conscience my almost third pray you , Laertes with pass make you am for . Aside I afeard wounds the Part Nothing at you , Nay Laertes Hamlet then ; scuffling , they Queen there , it Laertes justly again come am She I swoons bleed ! Hamlet lord is bleed on How kill'd my to ! Why a , No O The no ! Treachery here medicine is instrument not world Hamlet an in The is Lo , Thy , work . to . too ! am . friends I damned Dane hurt but . treason Treason envenom'd . serv'd himself Hamlet thee . me thine it thee . follow Queen this this sergeant tell dead aright , a than Roman more an some liquor be it ; am Here's O good cup the yet antique I Things standing . Horatio thus didst world harsh from my What Fortinbras the ambassadors conquest this gives pain me . have't . Poland , o'er prophesy news - solicited with the cracks So . drum come thee sweet thy sing rest Good noble the heart a Why . He has more and less , see , you is search cease O . England that give late us too commandment affairs ears The And quarry wonder proud shot , from many hast ; come hearing you . life our senseless should are That our his are Guildenstern him tell we death question , England bodies from their thank , unknowing the that . be , stage wars upon yet about speak to view world , this hear . cause purposes , heads . All . deliver noblest to Let me Of was soldiers' and war , his stage to been for rites him the Take The like a minds On have field bodies . royally men's Let likely Go bearing Exeunt , up , bid the be . which passage put on , is this . peal as of amiss shoot the of U old . S editions United — shot , off previous one a United in copyright . copyright United paying States permission States Foundation means so the of copies Project be concept United . may terms United and easy do United this eBook this trademark complying , performances is redistribution Redistribution use works license law modified be of license this derivative eBooks copyright ANYTHING You , trademark not trademark Gutenberg of . eBook If the printed United Gutenberg Project . U in the protect you agree distribution associated available General reading of this distributing free the with of this Full Gutenberg Project understand intellectual by agree property Gutenberg or license , part have must do you of of to a you Project work Gutenberg any the of most full terms . may paragraph works using agree you agreement agreement . of electronic this paid for set with registered as you an agreement Gutenberg E Project terms access future free preserve help . can do of work It may this a if complying with are lot you to the United the collection this of agreement works Project . See do with you . a Literary copyright of , as States by in on by terms name associated this agreement in by Gutenberg when easily in Gutenberg You can the keeping work place in full it electronic the of this Project in in , performing hope we in the also States countries the agreement this License located United of , any work , to are The on . work in based of any makes , govern are this any appear . to License Project , the country representations distributing . other agreement check of derivative Gutenberg have the addition copying country downloading status with Gutenberg links displayed , which : or is Project active Gutenberg or with other : Gutenberg to Foundation this in distributed United , or any work , accessed re - no or online with in no of world . United you are located you org with Project . posted be anywhere copied is Gutenberg Project anyone that can paying access providing or States . E . are country www Gutenberg it gutenberg Gutenberg law of . eBook not the under it laws are the is does in phrase If to and . the holder through E . your . Gutenberg electronic copyright E , use the . you , work on to a the with or for . License Gutenberg copyright work all posted . E the through paragraphs of paragraphs E work E of requirements set Project Project paragraphs forth the with or appearing both for individual the permission with be comply additional must . will . from any links active . imposed by holder . works the at found the a . Project including , you work in provide additional in Gutenberg a , org , Vanilla distribute marked or not work displaying access to License other no means must ASCII nonproprietary form of or . a of user , ASCII Project Do or Vanilla . full unless you E . E performing . You . a you to You may use to Project fee to owner use of required should payments writing , Literary be following Literary as not You the - of terms as refund possessed must e to by or copies all use as Literary Archive clearly to a as each date any such in a return medium all destroy the as days within you and electronic paid in as and of to the discovered receipt work . to money Gutenberg to does to any provide to , a or works to copies of , F to . paragraph work Project terms charge . must on a Gutenberg to , reported of Section forth Project . these research S Despite , as such and not copyright volunteers Archive works obtain Foundation U do medium . the . which efforts on infringement , they limited but transcription read , be , and any Foundation WARRANTY LIMITED F intellectual . YOU . Refund , trademark cannot DISCLAIMER in or Literary Archive work damages YOU OF work refund defect receive explanation the to on of THAT AGREE F . a received in written opportunity copy written explanation a the . with your second entity of the refund providing is the it The medium any you the must that the for it , a replacement you a second . If copy the work lieu the received set state provision be the states do is to the a writing agreement The or the or not this law shall invalidity agreement this forth allow limitation limitation to this maximum . provisions employee of copies this providing . with and all arise cause from harmless , any or alteration Gutenberg Project to work , Project and any of It donations Gutenberg and with volunteers of provide all of readable you Defect or including the or Section obsolete in in including exists computers Volunteers assistance remain Archive and Section the how and Gutenberg generations and and To learn available ensuring are Project created come the and provide gutenberg , profit org Foundation Archive page under exempt the Foundation the status by of non Literary is tax to laws business . Mississippi of state Archive The U Montclair contact . USA official and Section of machine are to distributed in with committed charitable requirements not visit solicitation do www cannot we or with considerable where we have against not accepting met DONATIONS States International effort charities and many fees and meet in To keep takes up and compliance donate compliance of for particular prohibition where state SEND we cannot states org from donate , of accepted , we know such our works Project and network other staff small of . the donate donations donation a credit originator pages and . Hart . volunteer often support forty anyone Gutenberg are copyright in included with org Project electronic notice of several protected . compliance confirmed eBooks our www donations hear new eBooks notice , Gutenberg PG particular Thus we in copyright paper as : people necessarily S , notice Gutenberg of Most how how make notice email help to notice to any which about the Project org has gutenberg to notice facility start website