Stand . bitter am Get For I Have quiet guard . hour to your upon most haste . bed cold ? there , Horatio night ? heart . sick much a stirring good watch do If my you them . and , you hath night good Dane the this . you . Who reliev'd place ! night ? good ? hold us , fantasy of him take twice our seen thing , Welcome have us to Therefore Horatio I not let sight the if watch have With And let Sit , That What us That approve our down not your awhile once 'twill heaven , story our we Well we , sit us , pole , King it , that's ; scholar It It a Most Looks same it art like like the fear the to harrows ? speak that usurp'st this me Horatio and I majesty with that . form Denmark thee night time speak . speak ! avouch ! on had he armour to : King thyself ; ice the in Norway when Polacks strange at , parle , watch knows my know our scope work gone twice sit This what in And So such toward the , Sunday shipwrights , of war week . that he observant cannon , valiant Fortinbras known which a of this , Whose Thereto side even but appear'd to us last I can ? Our . labourer this of world in on prick'd so combat ; by all the competent Hamlet compact cov'nant , same , sir , mettle . carriage Hamlet skirts list of , enterprise , other no some which unto our foresaid lands state is full , resolutes here and , this of , of compulsatory lost main of Is And his by The source Comes I mote it A Well think Of this this - it haste may was little ere gibber trouble Julius the and the state question . or where together climatures and countrymen it comes , me , speak earth in speak partisan Marcellus , with speak will speak my stand ! speak . speak speak at and here here it here here as to 'Tis here majestical . a I to sounding - here . is lofty and the ; day here fire or spirit in and of god , Upon Doth Awake Whether in confine at earth hies , throat air that or , shrill the of object crowing the his It The The Some crowing faded ever Saviour's crowing So crowing Break But , crowing , morn of hallow'd So No crowing I heard , then hath strike duty it him life advice my our know ? morning tonight hill clad , my seen upon shall us , loves acquaint our we fitting him with by we dumb young us Hamlet Do memory be green our dear Attendant conveniently I Let's our sometime sister of think fought brow , whole death kingdom , queen dole barr'd marriage , in defeated state , our all which have delight one , nor scale to affair that know our brother's of advantage , message death , frame , gone . freely we and worth , have herein of we : this with of much all So of for law , scarcely , have , that all made , scope more further , of The gait his lists good You bearers of King , personal old allow we will things let . articles VOLTEMAND heartily your . the power Voltemand here and the to , that We To business You And offer offer To From Your What now whence The offer Than The is offer That your be more throne hand the offer not not offer Denmark instrumental native my though my your to and offer Yet My bow them lord He hath thoughts offer you do will him I beseech bend bend bend And bend Take fair my than graces bend . Aside thy bend is so my that , I too ? my , leave my to hard consent , will . than son kind . still much hang and the clouds cousin more for And , lord How thy cast with in a all through Passing Ay madam be with nature it it so it , 'tis , father thy the on ? alone know'st Thou If , to eternity . thee . the of grief show woe are that trappings the man river of suits forms a . that . father Hamlet ; play indeed , which moods , Nor customary , Nay filial these and But For But father In do To give lost obsequious I have 'Tis sweet your obstinate stubbornness must These but impious Of As To It you know , some a lost for term survivor bound , who , dead heart Why An know in , he 'This . 'Tis to a , simple most unfortified heart shows a the should what be and understanding most Fie the fathers , fault to ; and thing , our first the death In I And are father most nobility think pray We ' ; note , today died still immediate less dearest toward It the comfort you our in which you your intent world to father For desire : to of take his , love Wittenberg throne let for that impart Our Here going Than Do beseech and , Let I Sits thy with pray , 'tis a a , reply you obey . shall that heart and best us her Hamlet prayers Madam accord to clouds the thunder shall away heaven unforc'd and to that that . slaughter had would dew fix'd ! God Come . today whereof ; my gentle This Seem seed That ! unweeded gross and an of Everlasting self His Re too weary to might not he a satyr it not the Heaven and to to winds would she too king things fie all stale Oh merely That . nay ; excellent dead the O 'tis loving so little not me Visit have Would Let O father's I brother Hercules to . Why married no . most more , mine my , her , longer beast . to sheets to good , of , she reason she father in of the dexterity most flushing such not is With She God wicked it your ! you well hold incestuous married Within galled to post speed : I for , Hail , my nor break But very that friend , or , And what make am see . A Horatio : make faith you Good ? from ; report . affair that my lord your you to , do it think I you But lord Thrift I , Did — methinks my tables wedding . father Horatio see day marriage funeral hard follow'd see my . my . him saw I think him Or ever Where , man a My I , lord eye In lord lord the King The He upon his like ! I Who my an God's together , gentlemen your - me I for of to before stately , point Appears In Two , he night , these marvel . to not Within encounter'd and their let love For Been Goes By dumb the had knew made both watch , to This deliver'd are These apparition comes . impart with Where thing word I But Stand dreadful speak secrecy The of And lord My lifted Form the hands each where did I speak to ? we would shrunk from then motion It And Itself not upon the , But up But at the even it lord , duty true it this ? you . me ? say , the watch We , tonight but troubles . foot face his lord in countenance his . you , Pale than beaver . frowningly What A . anger or , constantly amaz'd ? there I would , when moderate , with much would I have might tell a it long BARNARDO It A have it in . 'twill will silver'd ; noble again tonight ? life it father's , I beard it assume it speak bid , I I sable warrant my , though . walk , should all ; tonight silence this conceal'd in hold I'll If me peace shall whatsoever Let And I Upon the still . is All you . and you pray I . my your hitherto it your . it but hap tenable be else Our . Till sit . Your I . my o'erwhelm the not . do foul ! spirit . give as , sister , And My But is from Farewell embark'd , benefit , blood assistant me a and and let doubt trifling ; lasting nature , violet , necessaries fashion you are you ? youth , of a favour convoy of For Forward Hamlet that toy , so In perfume suppliance more more in but more not he but must fear own , soul is not doth will persons ; do his , whole now and this no loves you waxes nor inward virtue weigh'd , is as for and the your his wisdom so particular deed his Unto sanctity As . must ; subject ; his wide And voice and Then ; sustain you honour goes is and loss credent give Whereof To unmaster'd it , what fear importunity your of heart or of believe be far , the of of the her and rear act he loves dear your beauty calumnious my Ophelia with Or Then the main your Out canker oft liquid the itself is the 'scapes chariest your list desire : disclos'd . fear imminent in though , itself best be treasure chaste to th'effect are and she The And If , rebels safety most of in As Youth Virtue infants prodigal of lies good pastors . heart some path and reckless treads Whilst steep But to . here not of not primrose not me is double Occasion my A too smiles O , like this good libertine my recks . a my , comes , shame sail of leave double own Aboard for you means . no , upon There his vulgar . for with adoption act . aboard blessing memory you . thy thy not gaudy , Beware of hoops by Give unproportion'd familiar Nor thou Grapple Of And Are Take loses in and the thine of lender : be ; censure thine man man's But each habit France most oft the oft For For the And Thou a Neither This go and remember your leave blessing all it And of must canst . lord my , my take So What I have it be , so to key keep shall do I and of Lord . you . tenders ? as to . I lord them , made honour . me perilous yourself for tenders , what girl green . call circumstance a ; baby pay dearly , fool . phrase , more of me poor true the a with love to me go to my go . lord , heaven speech , I the it , of know do both it prodigal blazes , soul . making , it - extinct in time , daughter it rate a . maiden this , it vows how these , it is From it ; for to him . they , of entreatments larger you which unholy bawds , forth he tether dye his given for to in or , you ; my it is . cold and ; I Have to't to , give As shall I bites air What is ? Indeed I Wherein spirit held mean the and his It is not tonight his drum his rouse ; reels Rhenish of trumpet The he draughts his it of custom to to the though ; west . pledge native a observance . men them in attribute height takes it not , guilty ; o'erleavens , wherein , wherein , wherein , wherein , wherein , corruption of wherein dram may stamp — star or pure defect ; infinite From Shall As , in Look , substance hell from damn'd us doubt a of , lord ! comes , shape tell death sepulchre , complete , jaws , steel mean , nature fools , inurn'd may What our and , the night dead , cast Hath To Revisit'st thee burst Making It To you if beckons thoughts Look to with more . action . what not No you a go no Say , why did impartment It you be my should life Do It I do me you tempt Being set my it Why , not a might there to And draw The more place very It That base into flood as immortal I'll my . sea , still follow my lord . this in artery cries petty lion's gentlemen . thee me . body ? lets that follow . this state what 'tis am Still . ghost him imagination I'll of I'll , I say Let's Have . He let's follow direct the Heaven Nay I'll go no come up render to not me I Pity To what Speak I lend . to bound ghost . will almost , flames tormenting hearing thou revenge when hear , I What thy day the for Till Would thy eyes each for And Are To I could tale of away certain I am father's spirit , thy it unnatural , thy the or thy sweep love thy . wings is ; best thy and Murder foul thy the , as to But the Murder most foul the to I shouldst me a wears thy the crown that serpent abus'd by out given rots the stung 'Tis thou not serpent A the Wouldst The ; so of my what whose , to wit , his seduce ! most of From of . it court virtue in natural and with marriage radiant garbage a a in the morning link'd heaven never were to , the there his seeming falling was of even off dignity , a on Sleeping . of ! Will Brief natural swift as With My let be custom soft Holds leperous an such , and quicksilver alleys and a sudden gates droppings vile . a by blossoms body it doth of effect courses it did . tetter smooth , like most wholesome curd I was life Cut Unhous'led made , in disappointed , at and bark'd dispatch'd : hand once my ; not ; contrive act Denmark horrible ! be royal thou , that Fare her bosom at once soul incest . heaven , to lodge be fire Remember earth not fie adieu , while , trivial there ; pressures all copied fond table alone shall records , of by , Yes volume my memory thee Hold ! thee ? a holds memory Remember of . instant old seat up from wipe , In Yea , this books commandment and I , be a ! villain it damned forms . woman is and Meet smiling with Within the smile thy , smile tables My Unmix'd And smile smile villain smile sure , HORATIO Within . smile Hamlet it be smile lord smile . smile come Lord . lord lord ! it my What you Not by once my heart of man . my dwelling arrant villain HORATIO , lord this my To no needs without , right us tell ; ghost he's a But business hath you and for shall desire point : all poor . part are and ; Look are These as For as it fit man every Such , And hold your so and , Patrick an Saint offence honest . now let but , lord . good us here vision this me As Never My make Nay , lord my , but , lord faith Nor We my sworn my sword , thou the have seen . our . Beneath to the oath of Come by upon you sword this have . fast work remove , strange wondrous welcome this Once , Canst pioner Swear said A and day O There Than night never put , by know' pronouncing I dreamt are , As an times seeing or 'We : speak' , of or giving such perchance odd , strange , antic With arms you That 'Well , Or As 'If we you Or such aught ambiguous 'There could be note help to to in I pray you , is , together , spite as man Hamlet , right set go it . your . and us , cursed and was I ever Nay notes my , That Give You do I him this Reynaldo , lord , finding , of , know By What well and company encompassment means at particular how , me who and his some know you knowledge it you , son what drift question nearer , Reynaldo him more . friends touch well ; wild so rank that put there you , very but he him , well if't But , I ' and say very slips . fencing charge , Ay My Quarrelling lord he put as That Faith must not another incontinency his a mind scandal it far , go on breathe blood fiery — of quaintly ; that ? know you my assault . unreclaimed taints lord good should do I my , would drift , sound be , consequence 'friend in of the him you slight or ; with so or closes you the to ever converse Mark , in breathe you party Your As , the good sir What about . this something the consequence ay 'gentleman gentleman the thus in 'closes At At I does was 'friend I Or By or : ' consequence' know t'other . ' ! say as , day in's you . music his my . lord . inclination his I , How what , as , My his in unbrac'd foul'd , my God all his gyved piteous look , shirt he of speak his Ungart'red No , I doublet sewing was , of stockings his out before ? truly do Mad a and Pale as his knees horrors thy for not Then me by he goes took , loosed - to each purport other of in so love I all his he shaking so piteous down face , length stay'd of waving thus little shatter done his his their light me will the , eyes on without go profound bulk all over way . property the me fordoes desperate under words , lord as will ecstasy I go This had It seems it our age to fear'd I thee is . him hath I lack To be Come , as quoted not must , known . hasty Our The Welcome did that his Since need Moreover did did that th'exterior was father's dear did Rosencrantz long use we sending so have you to did much did than Resembles did More , And did Whether much more . men it so he open'd aught , talk'd are you good us will hath , gentlemen he I Good , two time your , lies us to on him as am supply Your , by your remembrance If and awhile , command full , in both ourselves the freely dread majesties the your give lay here And sovereign have us your . at obey , And , and gentle . visit some . Rosencrantz , and to these make Pleasant helpful Ay and him amen helpful joyfully been My helpful And bring helpful helpful liege . helpful helpful , good Norway as Assure as I father ? and — trail , as long that us'd hath it As And Have I as as O as He The as do news tells me source no and , Welcome , what we marriage , shall sent death o'erhasty our other of the . Most Upon His a return Say levies was sickness , age , desires and sift good my from friends of , That Was rebuke which ; your his of Norway from in brief , into , he found , shown Polack allowance , this . and down pass , give to for please entreaty , against further quiet you , to enterprise safety set therein are of more and , at As such Meantime Answer your to This business Most My is majesty day I will What nothing tediousness brief to , 'tis I , mad but let What Madam But it ; noble . 'tis And effect . Perpend , remains art , art . then cause cause defective effect and have and . me have , for true him find , daughter given we he Mad remains the whilst obedience , phrase you phrase , phrase , an To Or I Thus For this That's and my her in a duty Now she , vile . to Hamlet from stay . love move shall idol ill , But . dear Doubt Doubt Thine they means machine , reckon . place , believe is him ? love mine hath my , at ill am I love most in doubt never But thee dear fell All how What of do she me his by by to given hath receiv'd , daughter show'd , wing you what , must faithful you faithful . honourable love But and what seen perceiv'd faithful I I had it , think But would As man faithful of that , of faithful young love , a think And might given my I Or faithful faithful This must my I I did round to star gave , work , raves weakness 'tis madness watch you wail for likely very may lightness to Fell Which And a — thence and this . this declension . I , though hid Within lead this circumstances from When have such it That Take is sometimes know At time I'll he in walks hours lobby So he How truth the try the does If his no keep We the a assistant encounter you and the from be the look the And not farm for and . carters sadly him presently do my does ? a fishmonger . one to kissing man a picked , dog dead . lord my maggots sun breed Aside I lord ? daughter is I have may ? my at not said he by And this me not I'll Words , is sir tree believe plum beards - with you potently I their and All which , not be walk this should yet Though gum hams I . are ; have they old . have if — and . leave him reason his . willingly my my take humbly most I except life . he is , sir God lord dear most My My how , earth ? both ye lord dost , not over the very the shoe in lord the soles Neither waist , O ? Fortune news about news news that my sends news news is good But , news Denmark's news , a , prison either too narrow count shadow but , indeed could infinite God Why then space are ambition have very substance of the that heroes , it is fay I for But . occasion servants dreadfully at my of make what with , friendship man of my , other , no thanks dear in Is even inclining . we should , looks the what by teach end consonancy , love you preserved withal Guildenstern , To . you ever - by . for or Nay I tell My you ; exercises most of no What appears firmament goodly frame roof form in , this , in and you Man paragon apprehension work man how like yet how , seem such not so . woman what neither thoughts , is of in beauty action the admirable ; nor , this , on . his end or blank in ; lover tribute you verse th' o' have peace part ? they tickle foil the , mind . What shall make for't , the her whose man are , ways . both in the delight players the , the indeed estimation they comes the it ? Do cry the on the the fashion top is of and the come the . thither 'em ? the , that the there but so — they pace for't in How the tyrannically , afraid goose stages longer no their make if if ? are against on them they quality exclaim has to much than — for away about ? the Do , boys strange him while carry my do lord for they carry been much carry there , carry this something at ducats in hundred , make carry not very mouths is carry would fashion dear north In - mad but with you , you there Well out too each his to not , a yet When a handsaw . the , you Happily he's time twice tell to the second comes : for have come hither Monday . Buzz . ass , tragical light Plautus scene tragedy , the , historical , These pastoral a he — lord , Why What me call Am Jephthah Aside i' my , show as Why , then , pious . more was For since I like glad is valanc'd well thee where see you passionate to't a your of cracked within nearer , acted if million others to , much modesty and make the might One , method as speech and honest an Priam's it matter my , in the sallets top as it lord ? was remember I was cried there no with mine in as , resemble — Pyrrhus arms dismal purpose lay he When Black The is vile a murders . carbuncles tyrannous Old thus lord , God my 'Fore So you proceed , with Roasted in wrath coagulate the Pyrrhus , hellish finds . finds seeks finds ; sword , finds falls it antique , finds crash , flaming finds . on milky his sword top , strikes sword head th'air and to some stand matter , gods ; on say . A and stood clout threat'ning , upon and queen' queen' down rheum up About good That's this , lank good flames that , eyes in's tears , Good them let — heaven , ill . desert . live epitaph you than chronicles of their dignity desert them The and , of ? you play The Murder Gonzago their in in after better Use more merit them , Come . sirs , my ? friends old , You which my and , welcome look leave him not could of , some . you mock to I visage of conceit , passion ! aspect in's ? would ; Now peasant in so all his fiction it Is a With What's That he A should Hecuba him and , to broken That I Had to for her would and with and ignorant the faculties of eyes - can say nothing property was me defeat calls Upon Plucks Ha I With To I this But should slave's , what an I Prompted That Must , And A That by struck to proclaim'd the cunning creatures Fie ! cursing like upon't ! sitting very so the their . have like the the . to quick I'll with potent and play's of conscience drift on this of lunacy means by no him a But do we with Nor When he receive with him But him him him we Did him Most Did him We , I seem the did it Madam - And , as And hear on raught o'er there To all my and him give purpose , my lord , closely have and seeing . Ophelia as Affront 'twere sent that their ourselves myself frankly he is , of th'affliction gather him so Will And We Her of he shall part beauties good : so I shall the wonted be hope again I do virtues , your no behav'd his love judge lawful be may bestow That And That bring I Madam . you That We Of Your 'Tis bestow walk loneliness The lash harlot's not smart Is Than cheek my ugly deed is . my . my lord ! conscience ! o'er it word . withdraw of or coming Let's is sea To flesh to Devoutly That , To more No sleep a To But bare The that With No And Than fly makes Thus sicklied enterprises of And The this name thus And conscience to regard great pith cast of us resolution of thy . orisons remember'd . of ! sins lord this a well , well ? day yours of did , well sweet their unkind . lost mind honest discourse no admit with of the did a love you me . but than commerce will honesty sooner beauty have , better paradox sometime I lord relish I of ; me . once it we . honest ambitious them . are ? them home , he may lord nunnery knaves should , had yet thou could me my shape crawling us ? nowhere beck than earth between thy . or Go . the time I to calumny , them marry . thou Farewell . you as well nunnery , and enough : know ; restore , you , for nunnery as chaste fool . will , face a ; a thou of , O nickname paintings too another . shall soldier's of all glass Th'expectancy The rose , The Like unmatch'd sweet That see what have O woe is see , form , little his soul different expel : heart him thus tend way in disclose , Ophelia said grief do Lord now do I of . beating matter What himself us lord , How . it fit still what commencement shall puts in his of commencement his something To commencement Your send him , conference . best wisdom commencement commencement be England It in Madness commencement Of not of pronounced . Nor do not trippingly , I air the do you it players to your saw the must you offends to very too torrent acquire and . for be action nature end image , own 'twere Now . hold the of , scorn her feature his ; though it theatre of the , heard play and whole man , neither have accent laugh , whose the mirror the but cannot this at the age I the nature to up unskilful of make time grieve nor , reform'd the . fool , in , that to set laugh though down altogether reform is considered be , in the Will the Queen And the King now uses Here two you Will What Horatio feed That clothe revenue I conversation . think not For the candied the should hinges . of flatter'd ? thee good absurd the of , For and suffers thou be pomp choice hear mingled for Give heart much my father's act near tonight thee heart's In I I As play circumstance foot that will of this . King occulted speech foul guilt - thy his comment see'st one have is playing , play play I our cannot play feed capons : dish Hamlet others . you Enter , play crammed with mine nor , I play answer , you say lord play of How : th'university Caesar Julius That me players enact was a did Come ; me more by killed Capitol th' calf . attractive metal ? so kill . lie . lord , mean I the good ho do mark lord my my between fair thought you nothing , lie ? lord country my . to are Who my You maids' be father within's ? merry have ? Then But . half life a he year for , and , black months hours , should and but . mother maker ! looks is , churches then Nay , let two memory whose ; the down . a bank and , passionate upon , ' Lays . in Anon Mutes carried away . in but Poisoner ears King's , is . mallecho fellow this Will We shall , or any You naught Is a prologue naught your , this naught naught hath wash thirty naught naught salt dozen , may many the and bands . hands round ground with orbed gone , Tellus' most love moon , in and fear proof or love hath made extremity , my holds nothing quantity the , love is my my siz'd , great fears great grow Where Now Make , So So woe far Discomfort That little is aught , you you , you are so , kind behind , littlest great love grows is fear too thou thee , this thou Where belov'd Honour'd needs and fair world breast . who second Wormwood . but , my kill None Aside Are When wormwood second , second But Of violent birth unripe , slave , to on : you break . mellow oft determine unshaken now Most like necessary what 'tis when we poor validity , memory the sticks tree , or purpose , be propose is forget lament the themselves doth 'tis . passion in ourselves ending violence own aye not for should fortune lead our joy revels aye left else favourite ; friend doth aye flies a want who Directly needs And aye who aye aye aye great a question , you man down makes mark or advanc'd wills our and Our That are But not doth hitherto in end so ends never lack a , run contrary begun . lasting , in turn opposite would blanks pursue be ! own . light , day , hope and and me that I have cheer the face my scope , destroy strife I it ever , it she should Ophelia To Madam deeply grow And never rock come , argument O , no What jest , how . and 'tis . knavish is The shall majesty done in Marry see This is ? heard but you they Mousetrap anon murder , you between interpret You could I mistake husbands . the raven . you are my bellow for , time ; leave damnable edge my thy thrice seeing , The Gonzago . collected revenge . how creature weeds of rises name's . shall . immediately property midnight blasted magic life usurp , Gonzago's false fire lord ? see How Lights Why this not some Turk Would shoes fortunes hart ungalled must play For For Half Jove himself very now with ; me with fellowship realm O — pajock . pound for . dear , Damon lord him , a note some . word perceive I'll , then For vouchsafe you , he likes a whole . comedy poisoning ? recorders well music very ha lord , belike , the a sir history — lord drink With in , of ? him to choler him my rather what sir King retirement , his . this frame start hath , spirit . me your of breed . answer , pronounce , sir most I Queen The , your and are wholesome business my You my if and answer the matter . say such and , cannot and and . my , and , or diseased mother struck hath behaviour stonish this mother's and , sir you as rather , My ? there no is ? her into say — and But ! mother . a mother with once love ten times in our her ? to go you you ere Have me the . something the Denmark the but , see of recorders , Ay the one — would with love is drive toil . do why into this pipe unmannerly a , upon play . be duty if my wind lord I O my do give But , look compass ; would would much the it a my me sound a can on fret there , from my cannot Call ? pipe me the lord . than played make me . you unworthy thing . to stops . it you is music . speak speak like like , that's almost . a whale . weasel a . like and mother It a whale fool by say . Leave — and me . the could business now witching said so by . They I — is very such . Soft Now thy I and . night , blood none : ever mother . hypocrites . use be her cruel soul words my not , let my day to bosom . she , this , consent ; us . with doth hourly lunacies of England commission his safe Therefore will ourselves Hazard terms he your I of as . but of more and draw wheel massy doth majesty rest like . the is cease mind the a of ten which when petty ; thousand , general . adjoin'd summit it a highest It mount falls ; and now We Are Attends the pray fetters will , the going to warrant said process he's will ROSENCRANTZ goes . myself lord My the The To of upon you . makes I'll , hath , murder primal my A offence ! as sharp eldest inclination man I in , And I It stand Were To Is to it there what's not thicker wash To Or And But be my fault pardon'd And turn ? be Forgive ambition for cannot That than itself ? But I I , th'offence queen . up of and shove justice by hand 'tis the law true is In Even the evidence out no But of retain not there , seen , it can teeth shuffling . forehead . what repentance to oft nature state wretched Try To Offence's and What then cannot - Art limed the action , lies not ; Make ? What What O that Help I I villain , And And O more as All may of : thought of I who , villain that scann'd heaven praying do He his his But how took am I'll he is , th'incestuous At circumstance . know ; of may heaven bed about purging a thou And and , am course reveng'd hent horrid his in pleasure salvation some , rage , Or gaming has trip Then fly up , to rises and thoughts . below . stays at kick damn'd be but soul swearing heels , black my Much Within warrant Withdraw have you , him tongue a question hast my thy , thou father father much , go are would so . husband's are ? my mother , speak to set I you and , Nay And How , do thou wilt Where for , may not you . O I am ! slain King done ? farewell , danger thy you , some your your wring let Thou If me of to proof bulwark have be it too be is . I have . grace Such . Calls virtue blurs fair forehead . takes hypocrite a That . noise so . mass doth such marriage vows , rose , innocent religion against thunders two doom brothers and kissing set the . world seem assurance man a heaven the form a god station Mars , of and , indeed herald front Hyperion's eye New upon , curls what See a the , of : seal a now ? ear follows eyes age humble judgement that thrall'd . of call in waits - batten Blasting his husband husband , fair judgement mountain have ? wholesome judgement To Eyes judgement not of true sight , all judgement a in If judgement To youth mutine hell ! blush judgement ne'er at part shame O . canst be . actively as ardour Rebellious sickly hands without in such reserv'd some quantity of choice blind - without feeling difference , thy bones virtue Proclaim wax , spots live tinct an and grained charge doth my into speak bed . more the rank Nay will In A in Over O like more and A of precedent that slave A not a villain . empire the shelf from corruption the , sty . wings would me , the part of kings ! patches and your . guards , Alas , to , gracious command dread . forget This your and tardy ? sits visitation thy and Hamlet almost mother blunted on . works ! purpose soul . excrements gentle do of you preaching pale to look not , glares he look , distemper you Whereon flame on and him On Would To you hear nothing you did Nor look father he all ; at nothing look habit now even coinage creation in ! Ecstasy keep It . to I That makes the will matter . as pulse the your me word which madness within all yourself Confess , trespass skin . past Infects Repent And To will not gambol Yea woo of ranker unseen Whilst For Virtue and vice hast to , place to unction itself fatness to my , to is Forgive for the not do That monster Good Assume Of And O , make spread me this pardon heart twain virtue beg him good custom , you half not . in the But likewise That not not . live a not For the That to the use of angel to it doth this good not not eat easy nature , pleas'd it , easiness more to For hath and scourge minister answer night kind be well : will are repent punish gave , and So again remains behind good this , worse , this but you change desirous with me this so , good , cruel be One What means King bloat wanton by your pair you more word let his reechy good I that I to , again his for your to That Or him , do do ? bid you of , know , a do secrecy , ape , sober , tempt , Let Let who But Pinch paddock a I in And all am 'Twere . neck queen basket , words of I thou birds To hast I neck and on sense house's the the , of to , breath down like concernings , Unpeg the in despite try top breathe creep basket his they to mandate I But blow Hoist And , set marshal sport the 'tis For set . packing neighbour and . set grave prating set set son while set understand These what us . heaves them 'tis is Where translate in sighs these this , Bestow You Behind the sea What Which Gertrude In when both kills ? Hamlet good my the His It To so shall , It will liberty Alas of to us , to threats ! rat cries mightier how had But not be yourself is full us to laid bloody old brainish this in And been have This To keep mad We you To his very the he , of Where it was and whose , this deed be everyone of foul let is he kill'd , divulging owner kept on whom the hath , feed like , is what away and skill deed . Guildenstern ! hence . you hath Polonius some Ho done no ship all our — the . sooner pure Among his majesty slain this touch and , aid the this with he and in friends slander him bring further . dragg'd wisest to our so , of . O , diameter shot full the As his as whisper Whose Within What soul hit o'er the the poison'd is , discord level noise , the body . dead , whereto 'tis here it . come kin . take What Tell , done where bear us a authorities sir officers needs do up me not made my what the should be his shall King . them last swallowed squeezing you . you in . lord a have gleaned jaw you , it of Ay , But ; Take you for a his the end in countenance best of King's the corner , sponge service first it . sleeps , must King , but the the where is thing ! and , after fox is the us foolish ear The . the body all loose lord , him seek the the , and smooth must Diseases are judgement reliev'd seem is scourge strong find goes judgement judgement judgement . judgement body is where ? judgement pleasure lord Bring my only Your . Hamlet At but where are and he Now king fat Not e'en politic your lean to he worm and fat emperor — us table alas fed Alas where , creatures We is is is but That's eaten , the . a guts . Polonius through eat of and ? messenger , up the stairs into the king worm how that go mean thou is to shall , th'other thither yourself . Where dost . If seek him within month He some For , stay come , is thou hast . and must safety you will The For England especial . dearly is ready Which that Hamlet this is that cherub sees it them if , tend see father thou For Ay for . wife man speed aboard one , Hamlet ; Tempt Tempt Tempt . Tempt Tempt , coldly set Tempt — Danish , his his his these softly , know promis'd Fortinbras license You our his his shall his They How of on know in his his duty so lord . powers whose , some . Poland Who nephew it to Or against for speak to gain no five yield , a it it , I Norway it Why A ranker Nor pay We , it ducats in hath This inward thousand th'imposthume of souls much question already defend it . this and thousand ducats . garrison'd the man is That If spur be Be Will't Why I'll And . Go little . against What beast , discourse not whether more , a , go you inform you all How and his me revenge and us made and . and such large good ? A of market and and chief , be wisdom and one do thing's on reason gave godlike and after before th'event I and , but such and with spirit by mouths Exposing and Is without Whose Sith . invisible Rightly straw , know and , not and , find stake How mother , means , me argument reason while to my stand in , twenty great the But And That To Even greatly to that to stir eggshell an quarrel like numbers not cannot fantasy and blood men , a , of trick , the nothing see fame forth . will bloody slain thoughts be or and continent Her her , is straws and will mood importunate What She There's Spurns speak I needs indeed she speaks . half nods and there much them strew , thought , come 'Twere would her The Which Each So full as , of itself some sin's to prologue her Let toy my spills Where the is . song . you mark pray dead is a his Alas here look God we let's no , not her this With you say They know the How what do Conceit have words And I a Saint say upon of in To be he Tomorrow dupp'd the Never in And your Valentine that departed chamber , the door a an . But I counsel ground Come ; to't . patient be I would You long hadst promis'd before me to wed yonder to my bed , i' for lay thank , ladies her , O the give ; so I night ; close Follow think well be good they . it When Of Thick , his But Next the and , brother Divided Without And With Feeds , In good For pestilent Wherein nothing necessity secret containing , death in ear , beasts . this many . guard them this in Gertrude is matter yourself Save ocean not young , What my Switzers ? are Where the Laertes ratifiers Than The your offices world , and , How is O 'Laertes shall on , doors forgot Laertes Laertes you cry the counter we 'Choose trail , tongues be broke you false false without this is ? Where drop Cries That What is the cause so giant , not , our king father would father , Gertrude — father father . father . will but . Speak is Dead father father my , Where But How hell , and he came damnation , what come I demand Let not , the point I stand , negligence ! devil . pit blackest be to ; for stay ? the all you world husband shall your know ? far Good , the thus loser draw his wide rendering speak . ope I'll my you and of guiltless Why am It shall Within now . What heat I good now death father's her brains my the , the sister shall come Let to your does level to eye your As day dry , turn and up scale in After thing it barefac'd They Hey out sense , heavens By heaven Should the It And thou Hadst Fare thy , his you , well my didst move him false daughter more you call is the than ; pansies remembrance is in document This nothing's that's a We may when There's , you . they good Robin and he not he will will , And His never to Go And ha' souls of And Christian God gone All beard was flaxen is , white his moan . gone was again bed as He see right you I , God ? soul will , call we if all but jointly due ; so this obscure his with patience labour , o'er his be ; heaven question in 'twere as nor hatchment formal , nor , trophy to be His That I th'offence call't shall . you let with great go would they that say Let greeted bless , thee a letter . sir sir name if ; too England for it we . sail boarded But Rosencrantz thine as much matter and I them am speak to turn like me repair to where for I do't To And Come Sith you And well and It You safety stirr'd all . in these against not capital , me knowing noble my heart a and hath my . But your he Pursu'd heard have you proceeded appears . wisdom were mainly two crimeful So As by to star plague , my . in not might The other his soul either The . reasons much Queen his , which myself mother — in turneth ; to reverted timber'd to love his faults so I motive , him bear go the all gender , spring public the I driven so A worth Stood her have if perfections , we can we Whose sister mount have slightly Too not had noble a mount go revenge so be love ? mount news will , You our are on sleeps it think That And that I made . mount pastime , mount your for beard father we mount hear shall ourself to Hamlet to from ; say mount I brought they lord by Claudio brought that him They Sailors ! my From Hamlet this He . Who Of Leave saw them them . me you , were mighty shall us see thereunto beg shall leave more , to Are , some it 'Tis Can my lord he says ? heart my let him , ' diest live , sickness . in him tell so It I lost thine . he lord voyage So To checking As No even To more My The have been I if , rather of your . it since one Of , that shine you and unworthiest that is in riband very What livery careless pluck . sum for right It talk'd , such Your travel quality parts regard siege a from him , my ? his weeds wears it less that Two but French . Lamord , Norman very same is , indeed , their nation sight of , eye his ? you a to sorrow dear of heart a painting did and fire of proof of ? ask I Time should And then And hath tongues we nothing There And I I or growing and for That a will abate love , time , undertake , quick a spendthrift th'ulcer o' accidents many this as , hands 'would' ; sigh in ? words you th' church But come within home good your excellence , fame together remiss fine sanctuarize , cut . bounds no shall put return'd Or not peruse a unbated with , and shuffling ; He your are you varnish so a my knife a draws that purpose I him for in father practice from him it , think — think , think dry see . think fail think think that , let cunnings are to whereon ; venom'd there ? a glassy , name long . herself sliver grosser a men's dead grows aslant make daisies in nettles , her . her up be , lay drink with . her it and from . much Too is woman say our Let I have I this Now do follow . again start it give will , let's , seeks , wilfully she grave straight in , and , and , How she Why , salvation burial , Christian therefore she drowned in tell I be if leave Nay . drown . Here is act but water the But if the that is come life . good will stands — the delver Here ; man argal she good , is it goodman wittingly his own he . gentlewoman , she should folk have than great burial quest that a more ancient . up ? hold they Adam's their no . themselves is ever that , he arms hang : gentleman . bore none not carpenter ? mason the the . does . thousand tenants But , argal Now a well ; than to wit is What ? the well builds than stronger tell me that Ay beating with pace Cudgel - maker' . no more and houses he you fetch ; The ; I did of , did Go , mend say get thee he . the hath of easiness stealing me in his with him - making a employment such been into I if tongue skull it of a It say , one be it , the in and 'twere pate if circumvent that as - one's so a now my , Worm's fine Mine with and pickaxe and ? shrouding a to ache no cost bones Lady sheet be . meet of guest clay to about action his of knock tenures him of now to great , fines , buyer his fines his his , of pate purchases fine no have more . statutes length and scarcely of be in's time a his Is , recoveries him They are O such thine , clay a be sir , on't it , For , indeed You lie in't I therefore . mine from liest 'Tis to 'tis , and do , part in't lie dost a lie sir , a knave age . is Lord By near it , so must Horatio picked that kibe long she's soul galls , speak these rest in't ? years — peasant How that our thou taken ? his - grave I long Hamlet How born was tell all Cannot mad ? since , It hast shall no that he marry — Ay mad in not fool why ; was , him Very How ? men there as mad are the he there came , strangely strangely ? ground in Faith , been years i' , in tanner than with water tann'd . will scarce be . hide your now and skull . more ; was Whose great whoreson mad fellow's so - this skull it Nay him , Here's a is And three it This rogue - a . A ! for ! mad ! fellow his not flashes gorge rises Where , skull a ! same This ! of back your one Not ? it . on be your Here and that . Yorick I how , excellent most , mock oft a favour I now chamber to of a know kiss'd your to you this to lady's Horatio that looked so , thing . one o' this at ? th'earth i' my What's what the , a till he consider is it ! enough earth modesty with may so faith and likelihood , make But , Should O which hole that stop that Might patch that earth ? in the . was Alexander the , a wall ! the the the whereto barrel kept is their that with did Who Queen rites ! to dead soft a Mourners And life King . follow hand . Her That obsequies that but should in command unsanctified charitable ground have have been else ceremony What we great the Yet here flints trumpet allowed and her bringing rites virgin the . pebbles be , order prayers the to souls such service be more profane requiem sage from . spring May shall fair I angel thee and peace the and parted rest . be churlish sister . her flesh dead And A When fair been to shouldst And thou to to Depriv'd Fall caught I thought thee to , treble thy off the ingenious that Farewell to grave have bed treble Hold upon once woe or to . maid sweet , thy to her Bears such is whose ? o'ertop Now Till your flat this of Pelion phrase ? hearers prithee take I and , the my thy rash and splenative fear . not in wiseness them asunder Away . though thy For Hamlet ! quiet dangerous well . from throat , Gentlemen my Until , Why O my will Make not Could Woul't , and leaping come , with so ? forbear thyself , throw , I . work female dove on drooping are awhile as golden will , Nay mere fit silence that pate as rant a against madness well . as I'll Make cat pray The will lov'd the , Good your good last Gertrude shall some a shortly I We'll hour quiet patience our proceeding we shall . son see ; this You not than When Sir That would prais'd Oh royal of reasons , Horatio , bated axe grinding where the head stay to ! Denmark's knavery ! goblins my life where . where the too where proceed where where , down : brains , sat statists labour'd , sir ; fair , of it write learning service what . my from his the palm thou , know , heaven my purse ordinant , allow'd . other the the So , man are Between Of incensed , opposites fell baser . the make love ; nature their near , dangerous what king my is't perfect is't proper hopes ? to come further known shortly It Does it kill'd hath He in out with And not such Popp'd In this him must be with the To let What And It a For portraiture The I by But sure But man's the That am Laertes of the Into a image I tow'ring his , Dost lord chough 'tis the lordship were from the stand at , king's , if it use all the Majesty leisure diligence you right I thank your . is the , hot northerly indeed wind bonnet your to his a , 'tis cold lordship lord my , and very very complexion my 'twere , mine in come to good , my my great shall you to suffers is he very you Laertes differences him the dizzy his be , else trace . infallibly most gentleman of the wrap ? breath true him his we Is't not the imports do Sir tongue gentleman this nomination know you would dare not are You I sir , his his meed weapon in know that of ignorant a , but well man laid the in unfellowed the most against carriages of hilts rapiers to conceit . the Three so him , take with and very the ? might , by be be would six French swords French as it the ? you a He . passes nine and Danish and But carry cannon . for vouchsafe would And , the . between on . answer if the of no against him call bet . in Majesty , it opposition can the if you opposition what ; sir Shall King here opposition answer hall purpose nothing e'en ? opposition foils . person opposition hits will nature your your yours , himself opposition does commend , well lapwing runs . his shell the it with he suck'd away know and that outward I the habit through them blow bevy carries of the encounter dotes and before them trial their young longer . his who , Osric He will . hall follow whensoever that Now as is commended play constant speaks hold I fitness The in to by with to , My Queen desires to Queen and all or In you you before use happy . gentle fall time . into But , have not as would giving ill continual been think . their come leave readiness to it , he leaves to now 'tis be aught what , be we whit If no , it Since ; now Come man has of This Give What are must exception I come am , sir , you take as I pardon't might That awake here , done a me presence . and you I Laertes ? proclaim honour needs sore have with Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Was't Roughly And If it , from in disclaiming my Free Let That shot I poor poor poor poor poor Sir me poor Whose aloof some my a name receive do motive revenge stand And this I will Give us foils frankly freely precedent till love , on . me for mine , me mock fiery off i' , Come Your I'll them You foils , the by the Very Give No You indeed this hand ? both side ; odds another see have lord my me that ? a . upon of union shall exchange hit table he kings , the cups ; fire ; breath better wine first . to Hamlet judges crown In you the to kettle have than the drink which cannoneer trumpet without heavens a begin , earth , ' . No on the King And A Stay I'll play , Another touch A a of rub thy , fortune my and , Our . this son take Good , Hamlet . madam , madam to fat madam dare drink the poison'd not madam cup madam yet me madam madam Aside you the third 'tis I not think't hit do . By dally conscience best your . wanton Come of ? on a And am pass make you Say afeard now , rapiers at Have ; Hamlet They kill'd as , Why I justly am , no drink swoons with to Queen How ! drink bleed ! life , poison'd . half hand mother's , Thy . envenom'd more Never I half no can half venom point The me half an hour good half , The Hath In half half to . thy too work , here . himself Hamlet adieu , I ! Wretched tremble fell to this I , as or and . at on me . thee . death , chance audience . time but free thine I are arrest liv'st Thou Never more an ; report the it me To believe left Dane me , wounded by me unknown go some me , and my I O be me am me me Give the me . what ; man shall thee in And , harsh ever world Absent thou story this ? England volley warlike ambassadors the Poland I o'er , potent So And noble sweet thy rest , night , silence and less ? see would , bloodily The sight so toward princes struck . late too is from ears are and should us fulfill'd . shot cell search death , upon you acts slaughters , upon upon . upshot . upon unnatural yet from question . upon , upon doth in audience this the All cause I . me will voice my Let And call , more speak claim I his let be most royally soldier whose this men's Bear Hamlet Let are same shall be to been . on like be ; he a was Becomes Take be Go field be Speak soldiers' , here Such for for the be , is U these S copyright distribute it in the copyright , amiss sight after . but bodies previous renamed ! you one the means the this Gutenberg Project to Gutenberg registered trademark by — one and can bodies Foundation and owns apply license States from without electronic this eBook complying . is protect used Gutenberg , trademark works set forth in in by protected United copy without a rules trademark Special so paying following for Project . the to Redistribution in modified this works ANYTHING copyright license by . you not trademark protected Gutenberg property all to by agree or Full at abide intellectual Project work Project of Project works using indicate reading Project Gutenberg or , Section fee for do cease electronic with the If terms all By this the you fee , work set in It There this agreement Gutenberg of paragraph by are electronic work may be or in your a copy a a few Project Gutenberg Foundation . registered Gutenberg in can help electronic . copyright Project things most are in public Nearly the lot do by Project even paragraph . There complying without C agreement works . the collection are . bound be things agree to United displaying States and works Project of electronic compliance access you references in comply you . the charge Project with you Copyright . it its of this name will a right that support the with without place If addition based are to , works copying in country The . work the Gutenberg , you in on Foundation any States references to any Gutenberg , Gutenberg , sentence following concerning . the laws of copyright can agreement distributing other other full with of links License work , displaying the active Gutenberg anyone anywhere distributed than E . immediate The whenever phrase , is the which prominently on This . You parts Project it copy of not located country are gutenberg it , the of . are from other texts is before S Project , If this United an copied posted paying access to a you in not and work . the with U and Project are If phrase . E . U E U . work . E does work electronic copyright States U individual If where you U notice associated the United for set an the of in U individual the imposed to the paragraphs of If forth be linked Project this or remove files containing full part Gutenberg Additional . terms any work or distribution all Project a Gutenberg work associated this forth , any copyright found for at works the of paragraph terms full the to or detach copyright holder redistribute . of the or without binary Gutenberg Project , posted distribute processing word user or copies . You marked prominently work links displaying immediate Gutenberg or convert distribute if website a work additional at of official format original Any you electronic profits Any gross calculated that a paragraph as . Any access Project use . Any . You the use of royalties Any full . you Gutenberg Literary to owner calculate works Any . of E . paragraph works works from providing specified Royalty fee Project method but The using of charge royalty the fee your applicable : or to e - any the a user to the marked about clearly Archive Foundation . agreed legally Gutenberg Section within be to prepare Foundation donations to paid mail must in to works all require should days required you Archive Literary of terms a the You not agree works . such Archive Information possessed access the Gutenberg a you receipt and copy , works charge Project terms work you or on Project the electronic . electronic paid work a accordance discovered is comply You . from Project Gutenberg Gutenberg forth Gutenberg in U Section volunteers copyright do these . and by the distribution of group , Project or data , property , infringement , corrupt Defects . WARRANTY be cannot , Refund limited , computer paragraph , Archive DISCLAIMER and in under work , you . electronic not Gutenberg , works contain liability to damages Foundation YOU HAVE Literary electronic LIMITED Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg for described trademark YOU AGREE costs and expenses , including discover can a a sending If you if to also is receive providing , OF of to work the defect or refund work a work REPLACEMENT OR RIGHT on the days of work may the copy problem the may in work the refund you electronically may . you forth or , writing . may allow of , the may IS' refund you make state may the disclaimer do or or exclusion the may states Some not or . of by shall . not be , to applicable limitation not agreement any with not unenforceability of - copies agent Project , agreement , not including the not following which you Gutenberg or additions or Project any electronic production works legal providing this or Section computers Volunteers they goals assistance exists remain and freely and available for Foundation in walks volunteers with any Project of about Defect the the and . collection provide future . org see . can Gutenberg about donations Project to come to the www Gutenberg Literary donations status to Mississippi of . Foundation state Section Archive generations Foundation and and Project c Service number The USA office , tax . permanent tax - EIN tax about educational . S is and tax Gutenberg at tax Project corporation and Contributions your the Project widespread of tax tax can mission accessible be tax the to and outdated readable . Many small exempt tax regulating a the up keep fees not to important widest that state where To locations SEND to with complying form it solicit are committed charitable Compliance , not determine solicit much requirements and the met against accepting unsolicited donations not . check States statements any visit these . donations donate contributions requirements tax . web accepted a donations org . other Project electronic . donate . that Gutenberg credit pages of to donors know from of states who could he a only with a anyone Gutenberg Gutenberg Professor Section donate Please outside ways methods and , including freely Michael General addresses please , concept eBooks For forty . by Thus particular protected loose , created not has network originator the eBooks often years as included . website www help to email newsletter donations includes start people Foundation how facility This editions all unless which are notice . how the org Gutenberg main eBooks new hear the new Project to :