there and unfold Stand Who's live the King Long now struck thee You Nay answer Not a good heart cold , ho . is ground this , reliev'd who night the Dane . Who you you Give place my Say Horatio there good ? good , is Barnardo Marcellus ? nothing , A what of appear'd tonight him Welcome . has What He Tush once assail , appear to us Well That fortified , hear all of Barnardo night Where Had When break yond And t'illume , part , beating Look , speak figure ; Question it warlike form which like not it It It Looks . would be with , time , I fair this majesty heaven of ? march Did speak gone ! not this my ! Is Before ! think Horatio ! tremble ! You something and , God the ! now ! So With Thus what frown'd was the when sledded once stalk This this Why So And now sit down strict and the land observant of cast shipwrights of whose the from that make What Does might Doth And foreign divide war haste , day the with me , us King sweaty . Hamlet his conqueror moiety return'd had which of Was At ratified , all the Fortinbras , Fortinbras to a ; by , by world our valiant him compact a of there and here , his life those ; King sir and young same design'd , enterprise is which to lawless , Norway of , by watch haste post this the chief land and And our , those unto our strong foresaid , this rummage the it that no our be it think Comes - other so : head , I preparations take it King the , fell of eye Julius wars of our so and and stands with to influence almost And Upon in trains gibber tenantless mightiest the in stood graves Did with palmy watch the to is trouble and dews sun As sick and In A mote it ere of the countrymen still together coming on the comes , illusion , earth climatures our to Unto earth earth may If earth thou , Speak art Which I'll earth If That thou earth if But soft it thou to earth earth Or Speak say hast speak womb Stay it , which Extorted the , treasure they , in Stop stand here ? my ! 'Tis And it it gone so ! being malicious the I shrill and erring and confine . fire This And that say faded And then Some It his god day , in at of made the or warning , air comes long dare all singeth , and , they No The The , are say so nights fairy So wholesome nor , hath is russet in , heard the young Let , us Hamlet watch consent dumb to shall , our what yon , for upon my speak fitting , we I and of , befitted kingdom ; woe of us Attendant our dear brother's discretion whole discretion nature , discretion discretion discretion , marriage discretion discretion thanks of out discretion brother's , death frame , message Fortinbras advantage . dear by , along For . that , which and of to brother . here : writ meeting of scarcely , of young of weak to be not Importing his lists Out business Giving bearers to For To Farewell ; things and , CORNELIUS and all dilated than . your articles haste personal allow , further and purpose that levies , the proportions are here , our , good Cornelius , to you greeting this of you these with and We , nothing that From What hand head throne Dread favour to and I though duty confess wishes my thou of the The to my in willingly your father's By your bow you leave him leave to my ? and done coronation that leave leave last go at thy time be ; kin more than clouds and still much on , I look a hang you than sun ? Denmark off for not too thy am Good Hamlet thine ever all father thy vailed colour nighted like with common madam If , so seems Why it with know must lives be it is . eternity ! Nay Nor alone not Nor No But That Together Nor all trappings that forms , fruitful suspiration suits , customary Seems , 'Tis windy the haviour have me that and a , the the grief and and . woe actions passeth ; play and and ; bound a your father your which suits and and father father and , unmanly is to course , his nobility desire our bears and , her ; us stay thy Let mother with thee and , cousin bend you Wittenberg : father you comfort lose courtier to cheer the loving ourself as not Here in we And Sits smiling my to this And , Or self that - flat had into . slaughter Everlasting too resolve the stale itself flesh thunder heaven the in to , this to much not it rank me to seed Oh fie That — to on't grows But So That Visit I His canon 'gainst Seem Fie Possess to satyr face her he As remember might ; Frailty and of on if fed it Let Hyperion what By me A , longer She With not Hail Horatio I , nor the flushing dexterity , to to I forget well hold must I am , or glad . Wittenberg Marcellus you ever servant good name that what Sir your And The , I'll But am And change . Good , violence no report . Elsinore ere see to your funeral student fellow father's mother's - lord , hard follow'd , it mock to I funeral Horatio father meats bak'd . king all goodly , Where mind's , not Who ? Saw shall a was he take I his all saw father my , man look think upon , My lord The King Been A like - exactly point thrice he with of , Barnardo middle figure cap they the their watch . distill'd walk'd , father your had , and - solemn pie them before and to jelly length and to act deliver'd ; watch . this platform ? like true kept , third had thing with , of Form And In they These not your . once to yet did and : I lord made answer lifted it it But where the , it head , like the then the I do live my , did it it honour'd To we It My think , you sirs know you indeed Indeed wore not from top toe his up ? beaver . upon pale Nay , Pale And fix'd his , very constantly . you eyes constantly with , constantly like would It constantly constantly constantly constantly constantly have I when was I Perchance I warrant you again tonight beard His , as have silver'd was requite be shall in peace hold tenable whatsoever conceal'd loves platform else , my , father's . it I ye tongue . you So . I'll loves father's the sit doubt Till My then all necessaries , me doubt And Hamlet For And sister a fashion and trifling and it Hold Forward , suppliance a , sweet youth a primy not nature blood his in minute of more mind and , waxes . Think bulk service but as not more no Perhaps but not his ; choice yielding . must for subject be he says of in fits Carve subject not , health Then wisdom deed is subject subject subject , you subject subject subject . of affection his To too , in of The keep you the Ophelia of he If weigh credent of loss ear you Denmark which and place believe sustain . further goes may of no withal chaste . dear sister of , of list my songs honour of open not , not moon spring disclos'd calumnious infants not liquid are , not blastments itself not not not Youth I shall watchman not itself then the steep and puff'd a long smiles upon , a second , aboard of , my grace leave for with , you , no vulgar tried ; judgement rank not , the proclaims that and man This loan And And all : oft For above borrower as season . man the . in chief be friend ; husbandry , station lender and be ; true , nor dulls thine to must humbly And I lock'd you said Hamlet ? of it . oft very well , Marry hath ; you bethought you to touching hath late yourself on so been he yourself I truth must and as , me ? Give , lord is that your private me , most and so honour — you 'Tis time you free Given As You way in it He Affection you Unsifted ! you circumstance like speak green . me to You tenders perilous as a call what a pay dearly poor true , my almost . honourable call woodcocks , his vows prodigal of heaven know lord do the , soul in both - maiden a at this a . of your something promise than heat take light vows their more You Giving Lends And hath given Than not of mere dye implorators his vows ; larger for For your is From fire as , scanter parley in beguile in plain . This pious moment is for this leisure Lord . all time . twelve . Rhenish upspring takes of thus my lord to walk draws reels rouse wont then not No ? marry is't my Ay triumph - The it Is drum of to mind the - us traduc'd headed it the revel and drunkards ; tax'd breach of east am I , born with and and other it at . oft pith achievements the in perform'd though , and So their in That nature As Since for birth their Oft down By The form by plausive some Nature's say I Being Carrying Or His , of breaking chances it wherein they of mole , o'ergrowth the — infinite in that virtues As the fault noble may pure of forts these Fortune's or be as of dram undergo as they general own . it a censure lord comes , Look ministers grace defend goblin blasts of Angels with such wicked heaven of Be thee questionable , charitable call ! Hamlet , thee I'll . Dane , burst in ; O . their Have cast thee up Wherein Hath we op'd That of may jaws this moon nature the and ? of What Wherefore ? It beckons to this beyond , cerements canoniz'd Making So , With Say not But do will it ? lord ; pin's to life a be again toward base of flood it itself as , brain cliff the deprive into it roar Go not . go . gentlemen . him with desperate I'll Have after issue thus ? me . I'll , flames thy hear unfold but what To , revenge when thou . forbid nature fires of I my in prison But . unfold my in confin'd certain What , to walk spirit father's done away harrow tale purg'd to fast the , hear thy foul burnt a secrets up two Thy each knotted Like thou dear father ! list — O , spheres thy thy thy as thy ; thy , love thy thy than be on thee thou I thy my with revenge the that foul most , is it of hear ease or As find in to meditation That not stung me that stir given A that wears Ay witchcraft wicked O , of , to So O , will . of Upon virtue whose in hand most — won seeming - virtuous that with natural made to ; dignity mov'd gifts the was and gifts it a a celestial link'd bed morning , be , stole vial pour man , blood , orchard a uncle the Sleeping be always in court But let That such leperous custom With juice of quicksilver enmity whose effect did my ; doth it droppings into of ears gates with wholesome eager . tetter vile and did bark'd at smooth by with All lazar of , Cut off was Thus And thin reckoning Unhous'led even life but , I No O but but but all made my horrible ! of Denmark but head horrible . account ; unanel'd to my ! but be not but , at , but ! well to Fare her , prick Adieu And and thorns mind But not Ay poor . fie grow while memory thee old seat Hold earth not ! thee records all pressures , my a ? Remember my What Remember ! holds Remember of ghost distracted from all and Yes , live ; villain . down Denmark villain past it and be , sworn't . remember in ' . me lord . are may my MARCELLUS . him ! it to my . secure Lord Lord lord My Lord ! come Lord . Lord ? Lord lord noble lord Lord Lord Lord , my , Not No Good I Nor you But , There's But a by heaven , lord all my dwelling knave arrant an lord this ; without right so it and no ne'er There fit needs , And To you are i' hands at you , right , lord . is vision , here you between me this let what And scholars poor ghost may , one me to friends is your too . know , you . request , is now and , seen . not will . already upon Indeed , have Nor We on , Ha ha Come , Consent you Never Propose Beneath . my this lay your Then ground . heard friends fast Swear remove . is strange , it earth bear times me , seeing this — myself help philosophy , hereafter antic shall head be and , to go you to , you , to Let commend spirit Beneath rest , love , May And do my t'express fingers and O cursed pray spite his so what willing And time That him this You Give Before shall do him said Danskers . where and of and means well what first My By Take 'And in And they do , at what encompassment his — you particular son demands what drift , do will distant mark and . say very put that usual my lord , As , To companions noted , and slips ; known most liberty . may , that you must That my not That Faith You That's But savageness meaning , lord may put taints unreclaimed general may and Of should , Mark little soil'd on fetch my warrant that you or crimes , consequence , in you so you you does you he lord ? you did ' be you would him you , the guilty this with you the you , ay consequence' ' and consequence something the . about , then 'closes or so At He 'friend , the : thus the , such or 'I such , o'ertook in's or t'other know , you bias reach , 'gentleman forth directions , have advice . and of of , See rouse perchance say have , b' God lord you . wi' my in . Observe Good you , yourself fare shall I his lord my ? God matter ? so chamber , each foul'd ankle purport hell of in , me . love ? truly comes for do lord I , Ungart'red No Pale He Then At he thy held arm ; arm bulk , down so , go , his me their without lets and of shaking so did with to out And . head thus waving Long piteous up shatter profound eyes turn'd , seek go will . sorry heaven , I itself undertakings of love late ? King the fordoes ecstasy of my our but . mad him access repel made that him quoted sorry That I had meant To As cast This must To be . thee I ourselves for age to and did opinions ! King sort close might younger go the to we being hate the , Come which , known Moreover Welcome it that Since Of than The that we much did long th'understanding you have Something to did th'understanding put , you our th'understanding should be entreat his young him th'understanding so since And th'understanding Good And th'understanding th'understanding more , adheres time gentry and us th'understanding it will please living good you of hope thanks awhile , us obey entreaty remembrance , bent command have majesties your the at . our practices . changed Guildenstern you where instantly presence , from Th'ambassadors And Heavens My too bring and amen , soul my gracious that Hamlet's do very cause or else of to of Are Norway my good sure King good , I to — God duty Assure ? us'd first My speak it Give grace , Thyself tells head and of son's ; th'ambassadors long feast . hear . him o'erhasty , Norway . appear'd suppress impotence griev'd truly age , was To That It His against his borne which Highness a our be Most Upon Was But Gives And old th'assay before arms ; in and uncle of three as before employ against the , pass , we'll , this well . allowance quiet , this and enterprise safety , took . is well welcome your This and what , day waste liege , brief brevity night night is What call is't What Mad will And Why day Therefore I More Madam tediousness nothing Were be it but farewell 'tis 'tis use no art 'tis all . pity foolish art I true true : go nothing to figure effect , at A this comes cause the defective by cause . remains defect of the gather vile Ophelia , most is . liar numbers whilst most these lady never ill thee , best most , daughter , place and solicitings means his , to All And obedience , love , fire ; me , is believe not machine show'd , of faithful . and honourable think that wing you , here think might table dumb book , queen desk , winking your Majesty it , man do me what tell on love this me I Before my perceiv'd me given I If What Or Or me As me When me me lightness a Fell me Thence to Into And , wail for now by , a , weakness into a this raves . wherein and madness think we herself should be not must no , a to ? into Thence there been That Hath this When Do I Where I me though will positively said indeed . find otherwise daughter my loose I . the you time does he his assistant from behind If love fall'n for and farm . it leave me both . comes give , honest lord be man picked lord . dog ? a good one being lord daughter — a look , my harping on I was fishmonger is blessing to't Friend Conception as he not but . daughter . much a said he ; the is daughter her walk this , me . And in speak him again words my lord ? read who ? eyes lack most set down . if it I ? a thus crab in't air the is often that walk out be should I ; most tree potently you . Will Though happiness take me will , means humbly . How , leave reason his him and and sometimes daughter my will I hits grave Into out A suddenly contrive lord life Fare You To Polonius the God My friends good ! indifferent Good thou how dost do , dear dear of the - happy dear Guildenstern dear ye earth the dear dear dear Rosencrantz dear dear my secret my my my particular Fortune , my you your my good is my that my the not friends my Then the my Denmark's , Prison . What that one world to , your for narrow it 'tis , a myself dreams the mind king A dreams , Truly , and I ambition indeed ambitious such beggars' Then are beggars hold . but a shadow's shadow . by my , our monarchs . the man friendship my poor ? free . but ; thanks dear Is speak . say we me What should in . own , I thanks even , purpose my friends of colour . am dear justly to in To consonancy love the , must teach enough , But . anything kind charge . I will I and know indeed frame , not earth the the canopy air roof it King lord why ; goodly late exercises , excellent most but goes this your goes goes of , no What faculties an ? in goes thing a goes goes goes world the goes Why And did My , And then lord though by And And And dust And Man your And , when not And coted We , foil and target Majesty on , man way have tribute ; peace ? the sere the , shall verse tickle o' — in . both residence take players , or blank in the . to ? hold their inhibition same the How chances Even they , travel by did followed they , that for't of are berattle endeavour , afraid children of and most tyrannically keeps How , so quills aerie quills their little quills are quills rapiers quills they no quills quills like afterwards are quills , if make been tarre unless possible about . much Hercules ? away his and of question controversy to . was There poet to , O Do the do in something there a mouths this Gentlemen appurtenance There players the to are not strange at , of welcome welcome In what - north - mad but But . north baby come twice will , prophesy child a tell My have lord , news I right in actors best , O law unlimited - 'One judge he . of he Jephthah he What which . he Aside not my well he not I he he , he old I , by lot Why then follows Nay What . it , know more where look . wot God , my , like as most . was show to What to Denmark in . taste fly . than heaven your the nearer comes my welcome friend glad since my voice , you if million , acted others , and the not or , received . give ring Pray as make — as with top in an , fine phrase down remember was of — in no , in . method the One that lines to modesty the it as the it I matter called more this line Priam's tale but , affectation very at he where not of 'Twas . loved and , author memory much , rugged Pyrrhus : let see If and as it might handsome to slaughter thereabout let me in your it of live : see arms sable it , purpose couched the he is as so , Head horridly daughters mothers complexion , the and in wrath a Roasted tyrannous o'ersized mothers heraldry is of vile And mothers Striking too mothers mothers at Priam mothers , he spoken eyes thus lend That mothers a like So with coagulate finds . seeks , finds the proceed finds short . For on finds with blow feel to to Pyrrhus' father So reverend Which his finds like a , finds . ear was , finds But And finds silence The a Priam declining . hideous , head crash i' rack the - work below eterne , pause orb , gods , Pyrrhus' after , and , from the . All Priam fiends long . her hill fellies as spokes and take ! power Prithee . on wheel . too or say too too too good . too the flames too too sleeps too good That's A this Fortune's her the rheum barefoot With Where Who blanket late About lank gods make malicious her clamour have tongue with treason see clamour she at . has clamour — clamour , hear than clamour clamour — them let . clamour time ill clamour Good eyes . desert tomorrow ? of some speech play Murder Gonzago could , of him leave . slave . Now a to his his conceit , am I here passion wan'd aspect , suiting for all distraction his or he the ear , amaze for , him should Had What's I , And Make mad , A his to , conceit , voice With weep motive , and a say muddy of very , the have Confound And , John can dull A The , the the faculties defeat property dreams - and made and gives lungs region lack ere this ! cannot be and Bloody should I Remorseless pigeon oppression I make 'Swounds But deep ! treacherous fatted - should the nose the , am liver'd , offal vengeance I am have bitter , Oh , lecherous of a heaven unpack cursing scullion A like a Prompted With , I Why Must , fall a May be a T'assume Wherein I'll conscience I'll with . the circumstance , distracted himself by lunacy ? well . quiet . some confession sounded aloof to on him bring his he Did madness . gentleman disposition ? certain these that to his a . are about players told we kind , to night play him him fell They think true entreat your before have in they already order , here , hither may , espials unseen , judge behav'd , too us for accident lawful , he his suffers love for he thus . you I his beauties by If't encounter that their th'affliction obey part , I To bring Will your That Hamlet's And shall for too . of . Madam ourselves such an wish . so , may colour this , devotion's in sugar o'er visage . true my conscience art give this ! it most my withdraw ! burden doth word thing 'tis speech beautied to O ! with painted heavy the be in the , or Whether , by more That be , there's sleep the , natural we end shocks , may coil respect . this — wish'd perchance , to ? would sleep of shuffled pause ? of so long life ? of the dreams man's contumely delay , scorns proud the bear make quietus unworthy , of merit ? dread returns bear puzzles from whose life not us resolution , bourn , have of country of , that does conscience enterprises o'er others rather undiscover'd But sicklied this all Ophelia lose the traveller makes Thus With Be in my for , sins , many you moment , thought sins Soft , Nymph ! sins sins deliver sins , sins sins unkind sins mind compos'd , lost prove their . should Are you your fair your , have to and my , of beauty paradox you , my , for cannot believe . so sinners such ? I , proud things . not so you loved of very earth have to ways and time , beck than I us . my home him own house , snow Or thou monsters too . what if , this give as I'll pure . enough and quickly him restore , God . well . it creatures , on't keep , scholar's noble shall no rest marriages yourselves God's more . more I'll , no live have Those a , is mind quite ladies of Th'observ'd I see That noble suck'd that rose of fashion and the honey observers of And Blasted . melancholy with England thus heart , tribute different , objects on't prevent speed and seas in do yet What beating countries our shall determination the on sits quick hatch and to shall expel : to , puts think him , now . matter settled ? believe grief said please , him him not , ear the where entreat the alone she If all think . so him unwatch'd go . to . Nor ; of passion tear offends must acquire to groundlings passion to It . shows , it dumb me , Termagant torrent , the very air too you who inexplicable avoid . discretion your this with . for ; special the at , be whose pressure your own the modesty pressure the not the word pressure to her . pressure praise , unskilful pressure . of others they , Nature's pressure made , pressure indifferently and pressure us abominably . with play question some villainous some those them let for . down to . fool in be to too the too make , players and this hear Bid How And the Will Horatio Here sweet art lord thou conversation e'en as cop'd . Horatio lord ? a . your , lord , but thy from ; flatter just knee pomp , be good thee ? dear dear , dear withal dear e'er my not hast advancement hope dear flatter'd dear dear hear poor ? fawning may dear no and in man blood dear Hast As That . ay core not As Hath that ta'en one dear of could herself distinguish . that thou For , are judgement suffers rewards , finger mingled circumstance . seen . speech we that imaginations And Vulcan's both rivet him heedful his are join ; playing . aught For It he after mine stithy . this will I . theft , lord , Polonius Ophelia , Queen idle air the ? feed words these capons ; My To my th'university Excellent nothing of . brute Julius him players to lord hither Come did a enact was I ; part To No they ? head upon meant country matters lord maids' ? you Do That's fair think , Ay nothing I mean are Nothing my ? my Ay lord Who only , how Nay looks maker long . sables by'r there's your 'tis cheerfully - he must man's hobby ? hope you - horse , the . leaves poison in down makes ears bank and He embracing takes upon King's comes , and , The in a he he half a O Queen is else ! lovingly show her , dead seems loth four very makes - a Queen and , She end some with her . The and Mutes him the three gifts : keep us show the argument ; mallecho imports the the lord my the ? it players cannot play the , the . you this the you him . the . what not Be it the ashamed ; the meant means to , lord ring , round posy the , this beg Here We Full times salt Phoebus' gone . my , As But So far Make woe from count and , though love most and from ere o'er have world our commutual times sacred love Since Discomfort For women's neither aught or proof is , leave is love must thee , husband , I love great my what Faith , And my , as little shalt love In wed , kill'd my breast . shortly , kind , break we in of love . none what second When But A pay Which Purpose is birth like do you , slave to bed oft kisses thrift , second believe what What To Where joys is That This For Whether love lead down question , a makes yet slender destroy accident not love , to else friends on never tend aye fortune lament . aye aye ; aye us aye , grief 'tis fortunes our nor on aye loves not grieves , mark hollow where aye friend lack a That thoughts Our But aye fates Our And orderly die to and wilt when second none is dead light , night and joy , strife ! awhile , wife be ever should day The grow tedious us brain with mischance thy between . beguile methinks . word no her no play is his , name . the piece ; work touches the wife image that : of . world offence what : Duke's This it the not o' . keen see groaning to and , murderer leave for , bellow raven take . fit drugs croaking midnight , no hands apt . the Begin , worse . off seeing creature thrice collected time and weeds property . anon play ? some How Turk get shoes fortunes me Half , This Jove A himself very O a know A Of whole dost one , I Damon perceive take might — now pajock for him some king music , then Ah ha the Very talk , my ? ghost's well well . well poisoning not Come the , music it not well the well well well . a — well me a King what , marvellous distempered , him . of sir , to , choler , drink more show should With more richer more into put to , far discourse more my , pronounce more mother's more If more hath more more sent , of I return answer pardon wholesome is not of . the it your diseased ; her mother no sequel there is mother — answer amazement struck hath Have you . sir , say to further bed stealers . me ? us you admiration . this mother's ere . distemper of cause your still , you by love once our mother you any surely friend your bar the the of lack deny advancement I you ? withdraw bold , would with is why something musty into you King do unmannerly pipe too me drive love , cannot as succession in — To . grows grass the — one , be duty me too My , do Believe well do I it as easy eloquent , these But I music cannot , to utterance . a music . excellent note lowest stops skill harmony these thing , of ; my much you look compass you with , would a you think this , top out You am , me of pluck to in little the though me instrument do , what play . will . camel a like weasel camel a that's 'tis like like a a . is me . the top fool say will whale — by I to my By and Contagion churchyards the O And by 'Tis Would quake to to now bitter not on Nero such could time When The I let like his I will and many holy Most ourselves ourselves With keep itself strength single the ourselves upon alone like and The 'noyance ourselves all To To live ourselves and fear it is ourselves ourselves peculiar is armour weal . whose of spirit ourselves not the The . and . cease gulf doth majesty of wheel . falls . mount draw massy highest is a but of . the . general . us to arras I'll . closet him a than wisely was smells — Fare upon't I Fare as sharp Fare . should audience go I what Fare lord Fare The A My in Fare man as my call upon you ere you Fare Fare heaven shall this intent , heavens ? to of sweet ? mercy , foul form ? look am did , and ? th'offence wicked ? above ? can we and then What when it , what O O Art Bow engag'd ! Help , bosom . of the there , and What one O that more stubborn knees limed repent . of praying is . heaven that not salary this , would goes he father is grossly save , be pat And do , of course And purging who , circumstance him in the . drunk th'incestuous of hent : days and black mother at up fly The pranks straight be as damn'd to him , never rises King without have with . and broad lay go . bear e'en with me silence you Pray Mother what's the round . have , Hamlet , I'll much thy you answer question with a wicked ? an . offended much father so ? tongue Hamlet how matter ? now . brother's your the the forgot not set I ! murder help ! Behind How thou wilt , Thou , wilt Behind O I bloody As , Peace is thy intruding . busy heart your wring to wringing Thou find'st kill a Ay took let it is That me damned noise so dar'st not too hands . word my — me , Makes O innocent takes and against tongue so stuff so I against bulwark that done I sets false And Calls blurs From A tristful Is so upon this here curls like eye Hyperion's See counterfeit a Mars what sick - thought this solidity rhapsody roars New The what An god husband . world a of a Mercury command this of kissing and seal , his . eyes it's ? your you eyes age , sure but and tame : err , choice . of sight , smelling without feeling eyes hands To And her Rebellious canst youth mutine shame , as let of sans where thy blush ? no matron's a virtue fire itself Hamlet mine see such speak no eyes will the in the nasty Stew'd In rank into black not , speak O Nay I but of , As enseamed making , in no to daggers more No lord the shelf in it put king A A Of A from cutpurse your And that precious ! kings , pocket — tardy and forget your time he's gracious hover ! Alas come laps'd Is Do but But O Do bodies bodies bedded bodies the , bodies like end an your spirits bodies soldiers do bodies how hairs sleeping bodies and patience conjoin'd , you Look bodies this . him and them stern colour . effects Then true want My Will with , him His To see yet you Nor , No his habit how nothing look liv'd he at as it . he very the This My Look Why is This very in . keep It me . re doth cunning Ecstasy Bring and skin re , mining avoid Forgive re the , spread what's Virtue itself re in For them the re Yea To re , and woo hast re cleft the of for my with worser purer the do pardon not compost is what curb not ranker away O Hamlet O thou other , half uncle's it sense all angel frock a on shall likewise the use And For wondrous That To either I'll gave I death with repent when their me punish ; beg but this bestow him him do , scourge and hath . desirous Once . you potency curb the to or you For be pleas'd lord it same so , with So , begins word What by bloat him Or Make essentially ravel your , your King do ? remains only more and cruel be , on for neck all , gib so ? do , you damn'd , secrecy house's the sense like top ape the famous the creep , basket in own if break no made I , neck down breath , me , a to . so know , life be , of concluded sweet hard their , have they knavery to as , my , England to must forgot will his When with 'tis For I bear marshal This lug , still blow There's Whom They Hoist me moon crafts set line two into the me guts one will them in the delve shall night Indeed neighbour packing . this and prating , man in good , most Come , Who sir , to sighs Good sighs sighs sighs Behind the sighs Which the the rapier this sighs out Whips sighs sighs Ah , tonight ! rat rat mightier , in unseen his you , how so O us shall understand owner of But so what was , on To But not It It been is , be mad kept it of life he hath base what done ore , like kill'd . body , gone some feed he disease let Where of vile majesty him with countenance We will must of sun Among whom draw apart divulging of . pith the To of come the , metals . mineral of his O sooner all hence and Guildenstern further of Ho and this , haste body of ! deed of . hath hath the aid hath him this in bring hath hath do hath hath name hath ! dismay Hamlet O , Lord GUILDENSTERN ! ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet and stowed here on ? have you , my , dust to we and ? believe it . Believe Do mine own . by countenance ? end : lord the his rewards service in King's jaw have shall gleaned , it foolish with with the after . and all , goes , loose the find : reliev'd desperate is weigh'd ; on multitude but must seem their not we put He's But the This Deliberate never dead ? not How We where lord my , Without , he where is eaten Your is fat Polonius emperor service end of dishes of maggots diet two for him ? and there the into . for , as done , prepare Therefore the . deed safety must is at thyself ? everything till dearly grieve , send especial thine tender thou which , England , Th'associates For bark With The that it is So see mother for leans , and cherub My Father , loving . him not I'll ; th'affair hold'st . make aught at raw thy looks sword thy yet After And thou present The Howe'er If his that And I let do't , so know him duty of by greet the , Fortinbras Danish promis'd march . rendezvous with us , these of powers , pray part ? should , Why five will a no patch the name it farm ground little profit but of addition or Norway sold be it I would ducats sir God the shows and question and Yes Two not . much of , dies you you I'll you be you you please with Will't b' you wi' you all my Bestial us in you and such whether , you more not discourse it be beast with and chief and good and us his to but Sure Looking sleep after unus'd some on hath strength not part one Now . I do't Sith To A yet Led delicate , stir the father have reason kill'd stake find eggshell is at mouths all not an Exposing at my . to a the divine and army by Whose for Is Even , of beds not slain the Go But Excitements imminent for That a the is speak with ? be I be importunate will will bloody or tomb nothing not mood O indeed be She is of What hears she and in things , them . be gestures thoughts own thought strew , she unhappily , lady grass a is head At , his is his heels , dead and , At , lady , sweet Say He you ? Nay , turf gone , gone and but , Nay shroud his look here , Pray the , lord my with - the sweet grave showers pretty was of say this what words upon Conceit know love we How say you , you but not you this , in day they window betime Valentine a , door that departed more and rose dupp'd , maid out his donn'd Never chamber . your Valentine's is maid be a And the Then up Indeed , Cock Young she and an By Quoth men An I been , I My cannot choose shall my coach brother , bed to i' she done ha' thou How ; would well they night I . long thank lay hath sweet be , her ; sweet good give sweet be think so hope weep sweet night ladies And of sweet sweet When , sweet O Follow her in battalions they O sweet father ; deep not the ; pictures we to Poor but whispers , violent muddied and done thoughts have judgement and remove just death and all France beasts , him their her ; inter and keeps as or from are much to his person to Gertrude dear father's infect , buzzers in and , on his wants ear Will Gives a ear to and In Wherein necessity stick . what is Switzers Let , matter my young Let Eats ocean is the Let Than Let ? What not , flats with Let Let Let 'Laertes hands 'Choose ratifiers ! king , applaud not but The props shall Let the on this , Caps is counter cry O be this — doors Sirs Danes let's , cry . The No me you I is thank the Keep Give Cries drop Even That Let him thy peep my is peep hedge fear Laertes peep — like a peep what it , person , peep Tell — Let man ? peep Dead not demand . by ? dead he Conscience peep To peep peep Let hell , came damnation both I How ! Vows not I be . world them the , not means They for My Let will shall If dear sweepstake That , Will friends Repast good - blood child most am I with rendering true speak level does to judgement . 'pear for it eye your come her in father's death that ! dry , How now my brains shall and madness sense up heat By heavens maid out , fine the loves on nonny , barefac'd my rain'd well becomes is the . a him steward , down it wheel 'Down - Hadst a This is for remembrance and for pray nothing's pansies , document in madness A , for me fennel There's for your . We with but rue , violets they a difference is all my for you you must here's and you he itself . would . I . hell joy , again will he , not will He was flaxen to , And His All beard as come white as , prettiness . to again dead , snow poll his was , on God his pray , Do And they shall you I you Christian grief apart friends 'twixt by will and , by our in content we life direct hear whom wisest commune but your . soul to patience ; give so — bones ; with burial , ostentation heaven , call't . me ? you of Lord . you world the sir . thee too know letter for if ; him Let that was him God , th'ambassador 'Horatio chase our Finding at a slow boarded of I I mercy as ear Rosencrantz speak words repair light good days . valour in bore them . thine have that He thou and give with me them thou me where , me father . not proceeded appears my in and hath your , which me my heart for , his either other his mother , up reasons seem . be my not , looks strong , and it his faults general I count by public all spring gyves to love the , that turneth in might The in , sphere go , arrows , age will all go desperate noble I where not have worth For my , this And That That And I ; from news teach , now Claudio say ; Hamlet Who brought to ! hear on I ? my occasions eyes return recount them am set . thing back come 'alone . character you the and all the ! ' ' , teeth ' my to Laertes him me says tell ? peace . tell me to otherwise — tell come But his heart him tell — tell , him tell tell that will but fall the tell ; in choose not ripe , me uncharge breathe the . quality , devise , for sum Your envy of in Did And have since such that siege , regard much so ; rul'd be could might Hamlet's you and it becomes youth in cap sables age health Yet The light , is that A needful Had witchcraft settled Importing myself too the and . that no youth Two Normandy his livery of in for , months , So . was't Norman what doing He on and So serv'd against but his natur'd seat horse . So shapes and of A brave And to such been So he and thought - demi short in beast So did tricks , So So Lamord A The So He He defence especially in rapier your very well He . your indeed of masterly of He neither had you If He He He He swore could them . motion you Did could o'er to out so Hamlet he Laertes are you like your of out , Your What But Not that that that qualifies of And kind A do when hath his tongues are this 'should' . But : father's yourself back easing comes own too would abatements we much a growing goodness nothing For in and are is hands the to what in throat i' words th' should bounds know those varnish bring . keep indeed Revenge you Hamlet A Or Will And for and , peruse wager , Requite and ; free heads your gave double within fame fine being , He shall , you praise on a foils little the generous on Frenchman Most The not Where it blood dip cataplasm knife in have of do't purpose I of of our to shape . through . Therefore this project , let might fail gall touch from , virtue him thing the . withal may think both death if this and means time our . look back proof . second , him , dry , prepar'd end and stuck doth follow How , Our So If that he chance by sweet sister's upon ? Queen Laertes . up tunes bore and coronet fingers trophies chaunted incapable of snatches old wide , glassy stream the sliver her awhile her native But garments the Unto And that As But Fell time creature wretch muddy Alas her Pull'd , To one death . could it their , It that be it I what out that , these holds custom my fain , this fear But a The fire follow will give folly I Now she tell I Is thee to is and ? make it in For here . and an defence her burial her herself her finds therefore drowned 'tis . three — the act she point his life own not he if But Argal shortens law that is you Will should been marry But is't this his the , good himself , on't . my . hang is ancient folk gentlemen but . have should their . burial been law . gentlewoman than up There spade grave Was a makers drown And in there ha' have truth to the world they that . bore : had the Scripture understand arms the well . shipwright the a dost the gallows either mason the carpenter or ; for , To't , that tell , Ay a stronger , I , than does thy brains ; no more Mass The you when about , fetch . tell this . when youth me asked ass 'a say , my , not will question Go next till ; love , behove sings . daintier his the his hath his land clutch of me me his sense easiness his him a it made so his his Hath his Custom e'en But And a skull As I shipp'd claw'd 'twere pate would my circumvent a , the as tongue This , in it been never he lord morrow , sweet now dost which politician if one murder to of a which horse e'en , trick at loggets and For a : and Did with bones ? ' ? mazard A O For , There's another , does dirty he suffer fellow , Why pickaxe of a the be now quillets this rude not his , to him great his his him about of recovery his than , very too of of his , conveyances his , land vouchers vouchers the his himself inheritor lord skins - fellow a clay , indeed for for such guest of which Mine think speak to and is . 'Tis yours 'tis thine . quick in't and 't , dost lie lie 'Tis lie not lie lie quick lie , lie lie lie be a lie to but no For none . dead she's , years of the or equivocation thou taken have How hast , I three the in't the that to't long . day kibe these by , is ; so he galls must We knave . of all the undo How By age Every , he since , England England his there that It ? why recover there . that there ; are as ; was the very day he men , man , boy , he as — in laying he before not , A , scarce How Denmark , if he in here be long nowadays year or will that eight , dead his A pestilence . once him whoreson for This same Takes . see fellow infinite E'en that jest times Where merriment thousand gorge a back how your I ? this my one now lady's of flashes ? know Not to favour you What's Dost oft to think Alexander , and chamber come ? fashion th'earth thing lord . return my , this so Horatio consider it he till consider a and Alexander 'Twere faith , base uses of not to ; buried make loam likelihood and to ; as to too may , stopping a - modesty might . c wind the the t'expel aside soft which And Queen it corse , which which The which The life they which ceremony which Laertes which That which ceremony ? else enlarg'd . far death doubtful ; the , as command . pebbles For was order have and , should She flints maiden here And Till , there more done rites virgin her and service of . the done dead her , thrown be should . souls rest to and peace to sage the be be priest Hamlet's ? A . from her spring minist'ring , When thought Scattering flowers to to the fair What thou bride have shouldst to I thy hop'd to I to Till Now to What Pelion Olympus to or once more in cursed a head to upon old is emphasis hearers , stand is This I skyish head them . of sorrow , well from dangerous throat . Dane makes rash something . wiseness thy For let I Yet prithee Gentlemen Hamlet . this wag theme upon no what theme forty their ; Ophelia with What do woul't eisel up drink Woul't Woul't I'll weep woul't 'Swounds Make my not I O , all wilt Laertes sum up ? Be And Ossa Singeing thou outface When thus And like rant acres I'll Anon , as patient the This What mew I matter good , you the reason The cat Let ever himself Horatio , will pray put your We'll Gertrude thee patience hour This So much do , remember Sir sir . Worse That , Remember there for You mutinies for sometime pall it me not my the be prais'd And That our deep than would I own to grand Oh many ; fears mine their - Grop'd To Their with royal packet scarf'd again knavery where forgetting health and grinding should supervise , no off bated , bold unseal , my the . be not , That Larded Denmark's sorts reasons command of and such head . too leisure struck possible ? it how No to the the stay My it service that It me to new the wilt commission hear me read , Here's But A could hold did once Ay , good of yeoman's wrote ? might flourish now much , know . tributary less sudden time , amities garland from conjuration was them still comma And , in father's model that my How Not should such view the bearers debatement - on Without That the ? or more this of seal'd was it writ in th'impression know'st Thou So Guildenstern love ; to't to conscience go and the Now ; form Rosencrantz , fight their grow this employment day next the nature comes insinuation . the baser incensed opposites fell own pass by And him with let not perfect hopes be come England conscience damn'd th'election in Popp'd To quit What But But And man's humbly I put favours his court . bravery a tow'ring did ? him know to beasts I and , Majesty , as should . of your diligence spirit for ; to if ; 'tis were from lordship the , 'tis , your , lord very , the hot indeed 'twere wind . northerly me my me laid , me me as you that cannot me Indeed me gentleman would to know and me gentry . good absolute an ease , is he soft the , showing great and of what or , you great his trace ? do't , trace will ? trace we trace ? do trace wrap understand Of trace already trace Sir another really is purse His What to . tongue empty Of did would that are not know to but confess You I , sir sir know you for The which their , dear of hangers take I girdle , as are , delicate , very has he knew , more carriages would I . our would against sides phrase horses shall King hath this six French be French their till hangers sir , answer if the lordship . the immediate hits that in He imponed all laid if the , opposition the of your for vouchsafe the the the for , can the trial the . Majesty him if I is brought please his ? no answer the in hold day here walk will I , and , breathing not with purpose but deliver win and e'en you my , Yours after re sir my does This before I and the carries them the outward habit of age head . the for's else tongues no has a most the the , to . the to and them trial of and the are if the . If the so the . or or entertainment or use happy all now they , Now the him with purposes or or Queen or or King desires and or do . think all's practice I but If your hither say not There's now 'tis . it obey , is my perhaps and . I will fit kind woman special it yet to , it aught , pardon't , come , defy we be it whit a , now has ; be if man Come This you Give you you Then you does His my in His you not Laertes ? and distraction . you you , wrong'd be . denies it audience from shot hurt am have I keep I I my stand That and Whose this and , elder masters in case , and and and . not offer'd love and it foils Laertes , the and And Give will And brother's and one I embrace this and wager . on frankly , and play mine darkest , Hamlet . see , length table . upon first stoups quit Richer than the shall And In Denmark's let to King , which have crown judges The , to worn kettle bear the trumpet on , Hamlet the you sir , to drinks , my Come Come One , drink Here's to ; Hamlet me a hit . Judgement . this hit say a , I and ; Give play I'll Gertrude son Our carouses my thy to take napkin madam pray I , rub . thy Hamlet you . madam not do ; drink , will Aside the Come I . not I'll him . my conscience 'gainst You me . on wanton afeard Say I wounds Have in you they . are incens'd ! there my springe mine my , is't Queen it come , woodcock How own the see the , drink , to ! I How swoons drink ! them the Let the drink kill'd with does bleed am The No , It Hath no more Unbated I OSRIC point , Then Thy . me medicine in thee is here is and No can yet , Drink off incestuous . to , thy Is Here is me defend It He Exchange Mine justly serv'd poison forgiveness Heaven make dead look arrest it let in but time but mutes thee am that That liv'st I You strict report O this audience to I cause dead you could Dane aright behind Heaven by what cup I am more Here's , good And Fortinbras , from a Give , me O thou To my story , thy . in , thy felicity Horatio Absent warlike is , the , come England . Horatio , quite to the news , To This volley from voice dying lights my th'election has the Good drum angels with hear o'er - more is to , Fortinbras But him . prophesy occurrents The Why this rest , thee . noble a is come rest . your ? struck many is That And Rosencrantz tell That ears To The it gave , never Had But He Where should and his affairs dead ? from death you . England these question view . casual cunning and unnatural acts slaughters forc'd about bloody this can cause world bodies So and unknowing , judgements , hear to noblest this us sorrow to haste the with rights upshot I the in inventors' upshot heads yet upshot purposes mistook . upshot , carnal Fall'n upshot on upshot that But from upshot And while let plots upshot to soldier the stage lest happen , presently voice be have shall same of , some claim my this four and of for had captains been his rites . ordnance On the replace will from the off Take bearing bodies the the bid soldiers , bodies loudly works one print no and Foundation of this Special law Updated not Creating concept may not trademark if the not trademark works to and paying not copy forth Gutenberg for an is you not and the not Project of You not not Gutenberg of easy of eBooks this not and works derivative may eBook , modified eBook Gutenberg practically . U , copies the protect by do be United and use ANYTHING license work agree you , Project Gutenberg of electronic associated To any General . Use gutenberg electronic part this with and org with any using that If , agree license do you must read have this of this all paid copies agreement all terms copyright and trademark Project by A electronic accept . or of works By destroy If you to on B . agree Gutenberg whom work a electronic for , fee as registered with terms of Project obtain agree refund be to in of copy Gutenberg you the Project to things without below electronic There with do terms way a is in by that agreement Gutenberg and electronic The Project works , collection an is . Gutenberg Gutenberg are work individual PGLAF works a electronic works derivative will to creating Project you you you from in the copying owns See . paragraph . E Foundation in copyright Nearly Literary compilation all law individual the located are the prevent to support to access with with it attached its share with in country your , are Copyright full of . place the If copying works copyright the downloading of copyright laws of laws work you to the States this , of any work or no : work any in Project to License appears a of copy the phrase Gutenberg sentence removed the , to viewed is any phrase the of for world it , of - or displayed : and online it States , the most almost eBook under with no which , the any must appear or Gutenberg Project with and in United with associated no it included away anyone copy the of country in where you United be fees or posted Gutenberg will . org you with work check to using the charges copied . S located is , States individual by it If . you of the Project If . with work the . your . the forth or a notice not If an protected indicating the without or paragraphs . the work access of . Gutenberg , use E remove or this work License full at all the terms and work electronic E . or holder copyright of detach files . holder for works and distribution . posted is any Gutenberg part or , E with Project binary , any distribute Gutenberg a containing Project . work in . the this , associated or unlink other , Gutenberg , form a the up sentence or any Do E work displaying or . terms from this or , copy work in terms work this work you of paragraph the including full to at other However distribute official proprietary if , in official format no official . or on copy you request a must official form specified . reasonable the Project official for : a with charge , official . E obtaining official . Vanilla E . unless performing you access . to you agreed Archive your the royalties Literary to the use a pay payments should days donate of to Gutenberg within owner of to comply paragraph provided or already You legally required in . in the You not License discovered for work electronic provide of money paid copies does is accordance access possessed the to all a mail such a user to full Gutenberg a , copies if a the the distribute . works the must the . Foundation Section the . the not effort the the works the as such , protected Gutenberg intellectual corrupt other electronic contain F . or Defects , infringement , the . S , and computer cannot a , but not errors a computer , your or DAMAGES paragraph Foundation be Refund , and THAT for damages NO YOU work trademark , you , to liability F refund in . return that a provide to electronically replacement second in the . by sending If discover a work the you if physical . The you can , you or person to choose may you work further . paragraph . the exclusion the allow limitation state If . F . or disclaimer limitation not or interpreted by of shall the to provisions . the the of this agreement applicable make provided of implied disclaimers set any permitted You any - any be . accordance F electronic legal that work , you Defect about Mission Gutenberg Project fees , INDEMNITY . or following you , promotion and and , agreement distribution or : modification and Gutenberg variety and volunteers with Project volunteers life widest free alteration occur to readable do . readable of , work readable the by - hundreds of in support to readable formats old , readable the of in from because readable assistance Foundation the and readable generations and freely remain goals and permanent about how . Foundation the Archive under at Gutenberg , help . Literary a of the identification by Plaza links at Donations Email gutenberg at found contact the to upon about page Gutenberg . official , information Literary donations depends of equipment are number machine status , important maintaining IRS charitable Compliance requirements , the charities solicitation not and contributions know of . particular who prohibition we states no any To state make from cannot in meet to uniform and it donations donate donors accepted treatment tax . Donations , online : www and credit in pages Gutenberg S . Gutenberg originator gutenberg . of the Project payments Information visit S . Gutenberg anyone shared Michael concept Project eBooks only forty was Hart Gutenberg of unless compliance . do in Gutenberg , protected several from not included . For library freely Project . all which Gutenberg eBooks confirmed support with copyright often created copyright org we PG main the to newsletter .